https://www.home.neustar/privacy/privacy-policy#cookies
Neustar Privacy Center
Overview
Privacy Statement
Privacy Principles
Health, Alcohol, and Political Advertising
Neustar Privacy Statement
Updated: October 30, 2020
This policy applies to information processed on Neustar's online properties and in the course of providing the products and services described below. This policy describes how we collect, use, share and secure your information, and your choices regarding use, access and correction of your information. We know privacy policies can be confusing and technical. To make this as easy as possible to read and understand, we have embedded links throughout the policy. Please click on the links to learn what the defined terms mean and to see additional information about Neustar's use and disclosure of that information in that context.
Our Commitment: Privacy by Design
Neustar is committed to the responsible use of information to help businesses make better decisions, secure their operations, and deliver personalized content while respecting personal privacy. As a company built on the foundation of Privacy by Design for more than 20 years Neustar’s unique capabilities have made us the leader in the field of responsible identity resolution, taking personal privacy into consideration throughout the process of designing, building, and delivering information products and services.
Personal Information: Types & Sources
Neustar may collect, use, and disclose information that identifies or relates to a specific individual and other information described below in the course of operating our websites and providing our products and services to business customers. This information may or may not be linked to an identifiable individual, as described in this Privacy Statement.
Please click for a chart summarizing the categories of data we get from different kinds of data sources.
Categories of Data Types
Neustar may collect, use, and disclose various types of information, including:
PII (Personally Identified Information)
CRM Data (Customer Relationship Management data)
Pseudonymous IDs including information linked to DIIs (Device-Identified Information) such as Cookies, MAID (Mobile Advertising IDs), Statistical IDs, IP Addresses,and other third-party identifiers, including TV identifiers, that do not, by themselves, identify a specific individual.
Attribute Data
Geolocation Data, including Latitude/Longitude data. Neustar may disclose and/or sell Geolocation Data in the course of delivering its services, including: Marketing Solutions; Risk Solutions; Communications Solutions; Security Solutions; and Professional Services.
Log Data, including Internet Log Data, Event Data, and Service Data.
To opt out of collection, use and/or disclosure of any data listed above, please see the “Transparency and Choice” section below.
Categories of Data Sources
Neustar collects this information from a wide variety of sources, both on and offline, such as:
Publicly available data sources such as directory listings
Reputable providers of licensed data derived from public and non-public sources
Individuals, such as survey respondents, who affirmatively agree to the data uses
Our customers, who provide their CRM Data for our use in connection with our services
Information collected online via Pseudonymous IDs, including DIIs, Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Statistical IDs, and other persistent third-party identifiers, including TV Identifiers, that do not, by themselves, identify a specific individual
Match Partners, Coverage Partners, Rotators, and Cookie Sync Partners
Log Data and other information created in the course of providing our products and services
Personal Information Use and Disclosure
Please click here for a chart summarizing how we use different categories of data.
Please click for a chart summarizing the categories of third parties with whom Personal Information may be shared.
Website Visitors
On our websites, we collect PII only if you choose to give it to us, for example by inquiring about or registering for our services, subscribing to RSS feeds or blog posts, or electing to "follow" Neustar or our brands on social media sites. Please keep in mind that any comments or other information you post on our blogs may be read, collected, and used by other blog readers.
Neustar uses first-party and third-party Cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. When you first visit one of our websites with a new device or browser, we advise you about the use of Cookies on that site. You may choose to continue with Neustar website Cookies or turn them off. If you choose to continue with Cookies, we won't remind you for one year - but if you change your mind at any point please click here. Certain website features may not work properly if you elect to turn Cookies off. For example, some of our websites featuring shopping carts require Cookies to work properly.
Our websites may include social media features such as the Facebook "Like" button. These features, which are either hosted by a third party or directly on our site, may collect Internet Log Data and, in order to function properly, may set Cookies. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company that provides them, and not this policy.
When you visit our website, we use PII that you provide, Pseudonymous IDs (e.g., from Cookies), and Log Data to respond to your requests, process transactions you initiate, improve our website, and deliver personalized content to you. We may disclose this information to third parties to help us in these activities, for example, to a service provider that sends email communications to you on our behalf.
Data Processed to Provide Neustar Products and Services
Neustar provides a variety of marketing, risk, communications, security, and registry solutions to help businesses and others make better decisions, better serve their customers, enable communications, and detect and respond to fraud, cybersecurity threats, and other malicious behavior. Customers may combine some or all features of our products and services described below.
Marketing Solutions
We provide a variety of services to online and offline advertisers and their agents through our marketing services offerings, including our Ad Advisor, Customer Analytics, Customer Experience and Customer Intelligence services.
AdAdvisor
Neustar Audiences, including AdAdvisor and our ElementOne segmentation solutions, enable advertisers to understand their CRM Data and to apply those insights to reach and communicate with their existing customers and large groups of similar households and individuals in the on and offline environments. To do this, we collect consumer survey data, reliably-sourced household/neighborhood-level demographic data, and other licensed lifestyle and purchasing data from third party providers, which we aggregate across US households and use to make predictions about the preferences and interests of large groups of similar consumers based on pre-defined market segments, identified by a numeric Segment Code (also called an “Element”). In addition, we enable our advertisers to reach and communicate with specific users who may be interested in their products and services based on pseudonymized Attribute Data derived from reputable sources.
We use this information to help advertisers deliver more relevant online content. We may share Pseudonymous IDs with our affiliates and service providers to support advertising customers. In order to enable our customers to use their information across the Internet advertising ecosystem, we "sync" Cookies with various ad platforms and tech providers. You can learn more about this process by reviewing our explanation of Cookie Sync Partners.
Customer Analytics
Neustar's MarketShare services compile and analyze aggregated sales data, aggregated online Event Data (which may include addressable and connected TV data), information about offline marketing activities, along with other economic modeling data and aggregate ad response data from a variety of platforms (on and offline) in order to measure ad campaign effectiveness and attribute conversion events to marketing campaigns. This enables advertisers to understand their customer's path to conversion and facilitate smarter marketing spend decisions. For customers using our Onboarding services, we may also collect Hashed eMail Addresses, Hashed MAIDs, and/or imprecise (city/metro area/provincial/state/zip level) Geolocation Data from data partners.
Customer Experience
Neustar's Customer Experience services connect data and media across channels (online, offline, television, etc.) to enable marketers to analyze the effectiveness of their advertising activities and determine where to invest in order to generate sales more efficiently.
IDMP. Neustar's Identity Data Management Platform (IDMP) collects, and aggregates Log Data, including Internet Log Data, Event Data, and other information that is generated when you visit the websites of our publisher, retailer, and advertiser customers or when their ads are delivered to you on a third-party website. We use Psuedonymous IDs such as DIIs, Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Pixel Tags, Web Beacons, Statistical IDs, third-party identifiers and other Pseudonymous IDs that do not, by themselves, identify a specific individual. In addition, the IDMP offering enables customers to use their own or third-party Attribute Data to improve the accuracy and performance of our IDMP.
We aggregate and normalize this information, along with website and pseudonymized CRM Data and, in some cases, pseudonymized Attribute Data in order to provide insights about the demographics and interests of an advertiser's customers and prospects, the advertisements they see, and how they interact with online content. Customers may also receive pseudonymized Cookie-level data using Neustar's Data Science Development Kit (DSDK) to perform their own analysis and aggregation. Customers use our aggregation reports and/or DSDK to improve the performance of their advertising campaigns, to better understand their audiences, and to enhance the relevance of advertisements.
Neustar collects Event Data to help our customers analyze and understand how effective their advertising is. Our customers may use our services to understand how you interact with them across their own and partner/third party web properties, and to communicate with you more effectively based on that information. In some cases, these advertisers use Neustar tools to build consumer profiles (e.g., "gardener" or "sports enthusiast") or predict consumer preferences based on a specific person's online behavior over time and across related and unrelated websites. Our customers use this information to communicate with consumers who are likely to be interested in their products and services.
Data Onboarding. Using a process called Cross Device Linking, we create and store linkages between and among household or individual level Pseudonymous IDs such as DIIs, Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Pixel Tags, Web Beacons, Statistical IDs, and other third-party identifiers, including connected and addressable TV Identifiers, that do not, by themselves, identify a specific individual. We use these linkages to "onboard" or associate customer-provided segmentation information with third party DII. We use this information on behalf of our customers to measure and analyze the effectiveness of particular advertising campaigns and understand at an aggregate level the impact these campaigns have on off and online behavior. Our customers or their agents may also use this information to target advertising based on consumer preferences and characteristics, including pseudonymized Attribute Data.
Remarketing. We also use Pseudonymous IDs along with Event Data, Attribute Data, the stored cross-device linkages discussed above, and in some cases, customer CRM Data to help our customers re-market to their web site visitors. For example, we may generate a list of households associated with visitors to an advertiser's website and provide that list to a neutral third party for follow up postal mail or email. Unless a user has expressly consented, we segregate DII from PII, such as address, and take other steps to ensure that this information is not merged.
Website Personalization (PageAdvisor). Neustar collects Pseudonymous IDs and passes on the associated Segment Codes and Attribute Data so that our customers can customize content, advertisements, or offers displayed to their website visitors in real time.
Customer Intelligence
Neustar's Customer Intelligence service uses PII collected from a wide variety of public and private sources. Our business customers use this information to identify or verify the identity of existing customers and prospective customers who contact them (for example through their customer service center, online forms, or lead generation channels) to provide better customer service, communicate more effectively, use their marketing resources more efficiently, and comply with various laws and regulations. Customers also use these services to correct, update, and enhance their CRM Data and, in combination with our predictive market segmentation tools described below, to offer products and services you may be interested in.
Risk Solutions
Compliance Intelligence
Neustar's TCPA Compliance service helps customers mitigate regulatory risk and improve operational efficiencies by verifying the linkages between a consumer's name, phone number, valid consent, and other offline attributes. This helps our customers comply with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act by confirming that the number they are calling belongs to the consumer who provided consent to be contacted at that number.
Fraud Intelligence
Neustar uses data from a variety of sources, including offline data, customer provided data including PII, third-party licensed data, and Cross Device Linking data, or other digital identifiers (e.g., IP Addresses, and Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, and Statistical Identifiers to help our customers verify their registered customers, prevent, detect, investigate and respond to fraud and other malicious behavior, and to achieve operational efficiency.
Neustar helps our customers achieve inbound and outbound operational efficiency and prevent fraud by matching, enhancing, correcting, or corroborating their CRM Data. Neustar provides phone attribute information (e.g., whether the phone has been ported, disconnected, or changed recently) to help our customers defend against potential fraud, account takeover, and spoofing. Information from Cross-Device Linking can also be used in connection with our IP Information and IP Reputation services to flag potentially fraudulent account opening activities.
Neustar’s TRUSTID Authenticator and Indicator Software as a Service products service provides an ownership-based authentication token that allows call centers to identify trusted callers before their calls are answered. Call center customers transmit data associated with inbound calls to Neustar, which Neustar uses on behalf of the customer to determine, among other things, whether or not a calling party number has a high probability of being intentionally falsified. This enables businesses to identify and protect again potential identity theft.
Operational Intelligence
Neustar uses a combination of internal and external sources to provide our Right Party Contact/Call Window service. The service is built using offline date and time information about access to proprietary Neustar data repositories that support a variety of our products, overlaid with offline insights about phone type and activation date. All of these inputs are aggregated across time and analyzed using complex rules to predict day/time windows when you are most likely to be available to answer your phone. Our customers use these insights to comply with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and consumer protection rules regarding outbound calling, identify and mitigate fraud, and enhance the efficiency of their outbound calling programs.
Security Solutions
Application Security SiteProtect
DDoS Security
Neustar SiteProtect and Web Application Firewall services collect and process network traffic information containing both source and destination IP Addresses, Referrer URL, and other Internet Log Data to help our customers identify and respond to cyber-attacks and other malicious online traffic, including distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks. Neustar will analyze the attack vector information containing the source and destination IP Addresses, attack duration, and traffic volume to enhance Neustar's ability to detect and mitigate malicious activity on the Internet more broadly. Based on this analysis, Neustar may share information about malicious activities, blocked hostnames or IP Addresses, source and target geolocation data, and target industry or vertical information with third parties such as internet security research groups and service providers to prevent, detect, and mitigate against malicious online behavior.
DNS Services
Neustar provides a variety of Domain Name System (DNS) services, including both authoritative and recursive DNS servers and a suite of related services to facilitate the global flow of Internet traffic. In providing these services, Neustar collects and processes DNS queries, which includes both source and destination IP Address information, time and date stamps, and other technical information. We use this information to provide connectivity and routing services to our customers, to investigate, identify and mitigate malicious and fraudulent activity, and to enhance our Digital Defense, Digital Performance, and Fraud, Risk, and Compliance products and services.
Security Intelligence
IP Geopoint Intelligence
We collect IP Addresses and other geolocation-related information using proprietary, patented technologies to map routable IP Addresses worldwide. By augmenting our data with insights derived from select global partners, we provide city-level data down to postal codes. We may use Geolocation Data from reputable sources to enhance our Risk Solutions services. Our IP Intelligence services also use IP Address and other Geolocation Data information to help our customers detect potentially fraudulent transactions (i.e., by flagging suspicious IP Addresses or log-ins from unlikely locations), and comply with geographic sales and content delivery regulations.
IP Reputation
Building on Neustar's suite of Digital Defense Services, we collect IP Addresses and analyze trends and patterns associated with them. By augmenting our data with insights derived from select global partners, we provide risk scores that allow our customers to determine whether an IP Address is a real human user (vs. a bot) or whether malicious activities have been associated with the IP Address in the past. Our customers may use this information to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud and other risks.
Website Performance Management
Neustar collects Internet Log Data and geolocation data along with website performance metrics such as, total load time, page rendering time, and any JavaScript errors to provide a variety of Web Performance Tools that enable our customers to monitor their site's performance and load time, to identify and address technical problems quickly, and to understand and improve their users' online experience.
Registry Solutions
When you register a domain name, your registrar collects certain information, including your PII, the IP Address of the servers on which your domain name is hosted, and other information about the registrant and the domain name registration. As the Registry Operator for .BIZ and .US, and as the registry service provider for other top-level domains, Neustar collects this information from registrars. We use this data to provide registry services, to enforce our policies and our customers' policies, and to prevent, detect, and respond to malicious behavior and/or misuse of our services. We also make this information available online, in accordance with applicable law and/or policy or contractual requirements imposed by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) and/or our registry customers. For example, WHOIS information for .US is publicly available in accordance with United States government policy. Neustar makes PII contained in the WHOIS database for the .biz domain available upon request to third parties with a legitimate and proportionate interest in using the data for non-marketing purposes such as consumer protection, crime detection, intellectual property protection, etc. Availability of WHOIS data for other domains that we support (either country-code or generic top-level domains) is determined by our customers in accordance with their regulatory and/or contractual requirements.
Neustar uses WHOIS Data and other information collected in the course of providing registry services to: comply with contractual requirements, ICANN policy requirements, law and regulation; investigate and respond to complaints of abusive conduct; and enforce registry policies related to, without limitation, WHOIS accuracy, the use of proxy and/or privacy registration services, limitations on registration, and prohibitions against the use of domain names to distribute malware, operate botnets, or engage in phishing, piracy, intellectual property infringement, fraudulent or deceptive practices, counterfeiting or other activity that is contrary to applicable law. Neustar may from time to time collect and aggregate demographic data or statistical analysis and other research but does not disclose PII in that process.
Neustar prohibits use of WHOIS Data (1) except in compliance with applicable law; (2) to allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by telephone; (3) in contravention of any applicable data and privacy protection laws; or (4) to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that interact with domain name registry systems.
Communications Solutions
Neustar provides a variety of services to communications services providers to ensure that calls are properly routed across telecommunications service provider networks. These services include Caller ID/Caller Name (CNAM) services and optimization, branded contact management, robocall detection and mitigation services, domestic and international number resolutions services, directory listings management, business listings, numbering and order management services, and other services provided to communications services providers and other businesses. Our use and disclosure of this information is limited by contract.
Pathfinder
Neustar maintains and operates the global phone number resolution directory service, Pathfinder on behalf of the GSMA for SMS routing and delivery. Customers of Pathfinder are restricted to use this service only for the purposes of rating, routing, and routing administration. For this service Neustar collects the phone number (queried by our customer), IP Address of the customer submitting the query and our response to the customer's query. Neustar's Pathfinder response consists of the carrier of record for the queried phone number and any number port history information.
Order Management
We provide services to help communications companies manage their domestic US phone numbering inventory, manage and fulfill customer number porting orders, and to comply with regulatory requirements. For these services we collect telephone numbers, IP Addresses, and carrier information. Our use and disclosure of this information is limited by contract and regulated by law.
Directory Listing and Caller Name
In addition to providing traditional directory services, Neustar helps our customers reach their customers and prospects with branded caller identification and business listing services.
Localeze
Neustar maintains business listing information for our small business and franchise customers so they can be found by their customers and prospects. For Neustar's Localeze service, we collect business name, address, phone, email, website and service type information and publish this information through various media channels.
Other Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Neustar does not use or disclose Personal Information other than as described above, except:
As a data processor or service provider at the direction of our business customers, and in accordance with their own privacy policies;
With your express permission;
Where permitted by our customer agreements, for internal use, research, fraud prevention and detection, and product development;
To investigate, identify, respond to, and assist others to investigate and respond to cyber security threats to other criminal behavior;
To protect our rights and the rights of third parties;
In response to and support of law enforcement investigations;
To (i) comply with US or foreign laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process in US or foreign civil, criminal or investigative matters, (ii) enforce agreements, our terms and conditions, and policies, and protect our rights and property as the site owner, and (iii) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Neustar, its customers, or any person;
In an aggregated or de-identified form that does not directly identify you;
With third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf, but we limit their access and use of PII to that which is needed to carry out their work for us, including cloud service providers, software development and support contractors, contractors providing data base management and other administrative support services, security services partners, and legal and accounting professionals; and
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Neustar may send our own advertisements (Neustar marketing campaign emails, for example) to businesses. If you would like to discontinue receiving this content, you may update your marketing preferences by selecting the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you. Alternatively, you may send an email to privacy@team.neustar with subject line “unsubscribe from Neustar’s marketing campaign emails”. The email address from which you sent us the request will be unsubscribed.
Cookies, Advertising IDs and Other Technologies
Neustar Website Cookies
We may use Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Statistical IDs, Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, JavaScript, HTML5 Local Storage, or similar technologies, along with other information described in this policy to enhance and personalize your experience on our sites and to manage and enable preferences, transactions and related uses of Neustar services and information. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive a warning message with each cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, but some of the features on our site may not work if you do. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage. To learn more about these technologies, click here: to http://www.aboutads.info/ and http://youradchoices.com/.
Third parties with whom we partner may use Cookies, Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, JavaScript, HTML5 Local Storage, Flash LSOs, Statistical IDs, Pseudonymous IDs, or similar technologies to help us understand how visitors interact with our website or to deliver content, such as videos, or to personalize ads you see online based on your visits to our website. We do not have access to or control of these third-party technologies. The information gathered by these technologies is not tied to PII submitted on our website. You can use your browser settings to manage Cookies. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 Local Storage. To manage Flash LSOs, please click here.
Neustar Services Cookies
We use Cookies, Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, Mobile Advertising IDs, Statistical IDs, and similar technologies in order to collect the information necessary to provide Neustar services described above. Our Cookies contain Pseudonymous IDs and other information that does not allow you to be identified without additional data. The contents of our Cookies are encrypted and can't be read without the encryption key. You can remove persistent Cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file, or you may opt-out as described below.
Our Pseudonymous IDs, including Cookies do not tell our business customers who you are or where you live. Businesses use the information in Cookies to tailor online advertising based on the likelihood that someone will share certain interests or propensities with members of an aggregated group. We also use and disclose information about Cookies, in combination with Log Data and third-party information, including Attribute Data, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. Finally, our Cookies can be used to help a business verify a user when they access the site using a different device or browser and for other fraud prevention, detection, and mitigation purposes.
Mobile Advertising IDs
We use Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, also known as "IDFA" (Apple/iOS) or "IFA" (Google/Android), in connection with Neustar's Marketing Solutions and Fraud, Risk & Compliance Solutions offerings. We obtain Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs from Match Partners who have user consent to share this information. We share Segment Codes associated with Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs with our customers who have access to these identifiers with the consent of their users. This enables our clients to provide a more tailored user experience as well as relevant content and offers in the mobile environment. We also use Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs to identify and prevent fraudulent transactions and to help our customer verify a known user who accesses their site using an unknown device or browser. You can find more information about how Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs are used and how to opt out of mobile advertising in our Transparency and Choice; Opt-Out & Access section below.
Web Beacons
We may use Web Beacons to collect performance metrics when you visit our customer's web sites. The web beacons capture your IP Address to determine your geolocation at the city/region/country level and is discarded once geolocation is determined. Understanding the geolocation and associated website performance helps our customers manage their websites for optimal performance.
Sensitive Data
Neustar does not create Segment Codes or other audiences based on Sensitive Personal Information, although some of our customers may do so consistent with applicable law. Neustar does not use Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Statistical IDs, or other technologies to enable ad targeting based on that kind of information. For added protection, our contracts with our partners do not allow the use of our data to determine credit worthiness or eligibility for insurance, employment, housing, etc.
We do not create audience segments based on the precise real-time Geolocation Data without opt-in consent.
General Health Related Audiences
Neustar creates certain audience segments based on our predictions about the likelihood that households assigned to a particular Segment Code or audience are more or less likely to use certain kinds of over-the-counter medications (e.g., cold or flu medications) or more or less likely to consume certain alcoholic beverages. These segments do not include or reflect individual or even household level behavior; rather, they are predictions based on survey responses from volunteer participants, which is then modeled to apply to broader groups of people who we think are more or less likely to have similar preferences. Advertisers who use these segments must comply with government regulation as well as industry best practices that apply to the delivery of such advertising. More information about this topic and a list of the audiences we offer is available here: Health, Alcohol, & Political Advertising.
Political Audiences
Neustar creates certain audience segments based on our predictions about the likelihood that households assigned to a particular Segment Code or audience are more or less likely to vote, registered to vote or more or less likely to have a certain particular political outlook. These segments do not include or reflect individual or even household level behavior and they are not derived from voter registration lists; rather, they are predictions based on information received from opt-in survey respondents from volunteer participants, which is then modeled to apply to broader groups of people who we think are more or less likely to have similar preferences. Advertisers who use these segments must comply with government regulation as well as industry best practices that apply to the delivery of such advertising. More information about this topic and a list of the audiences we offer is available here: Health, Alcohol, & Political Advertising.
Credit Card Information
Neustar may collect credit card information when provided by our customers in payment for some of our services. This information is securely collected and transmitted by our vendor in accordance with Payment Card Industry standards and used and disclosed only for the purposes of receiving payment for our services.
Data Retention
Neustar Website Cookies
We retain information collected through our websites for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We also retain and use this information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Neustar Services Cookies
We retain raw, cookie level data associated with our services for up to 19 months. At the time of collection, we also create aggregated data that cannot be re-associated with an individual cookie. We may retain this aggregated data for a longer period as required by law or otherwise necessary to resolve a dispute and enforce our agreements.
Neustar service Cookies expire in twelve months, although additional user registration at an on-boarding partner site may result in the placement of a new Cookie.
Associations made through Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs expire 12 months after the last time you interact with a partner website or advertiser.
For Cookies originating on websites in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and promptly hash full IP Addresses into a 64-bit integer. We also collect a truncated IP Address (dropping the last octet). The truncated and hashed IP Addresses are then forwarded to the U.S. using a secure transmission protocol. Full IP Addresses are captured by the application log file but are used exclusively for operations and deleted after 10 days.
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we are processing PII about you. Please visit the Privacy Choices page on our web site.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you will be directed to a portal from which you may exercise your rights as a data subject under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) including a confirmation of processing, access, objection, correction, and erasure. Additional information about Neustar's compliance with GDPR is available here: GDPR: What You Need to Know. We process all such requests promptly in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR.
If you are not a resident of the EEA, you will be directed to a portal from which you may access, correct, or block use of your personal information for most purposes. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. This portal is being enhanced to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act, which becomes effective in 2020, and to provide similar data subject rights as required under GDPR.
You may also contact us via email directed to: privacy@team.neustar.
Transparency and Choice
Cookies
You can opt out of the use of Cookies on Neustar websites by clicking here
You can opt out of Neustar services Cookies by clicking on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website. This will allow you to click on an opt-out link to automatically opt out of the use of Cookies. In addition, Neustar’s Privacy Choices Portal also permits you to opt-out of the use of Hashed eMail Addresses and Android Mobile Advertising IDs as well as to learn about and exercise any rights you may have under applicable law.
You can also opt out of the use of Neustar services Cookies by using the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Consumer Opt-Out tool, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) tool here, or the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) Opt-Out tool.
You can learn more about online advertising and privacy at the DAA's website
We comply with opt-out requests by placing an "opt-out cookie" on your computer or device. Consequently, if you clear your Cookies on that computer or device, we will not be able to read our "opt-out cookie" and may resume collecting information from that computer or device for purposes of retargeting. Similarly, an opt-out request will not be effective on other browsers, computers, or devices you may use if you have not opted out while using that browser, computer, or device.
Please note Cookies are browser and device specific, so you must opt out on all of the browsers (e.g. Chrome, Safari) and devices (e.g. laptop, smartphones) you use.
Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs
You can opt-out of our use of Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs set by Android devices via the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website. Because Apple does not disclose their IDFA to users, we are not able to establish a block based on an Apple MAID (IDFA) in our system.
In addition:
Apple's iOS IDFA can be reset by the user at any time. Users can opt out of all remarketing by enabling a device setting called "Limit Ad Tracking" (LAT), which restricts advertisers from using the IDFA for behavioral advertising. You can learn how to limit ad tracking on your iOS device or to reset your IDFA here: IDFA Opt-Out.
Similar to IDFA for Apple devices, Android devices pass the Google Advertising ID, which provides the same type of device-specific, unique, resettable ID for advertising as Apple IDFA or IFA. You can learn more about how identifiers on mobile devices are used for advertising and receive instruction for how to opt out of mobile advertising on the Google Privacy & Terms webpage.
Please note MAIDs are device specific, so you must opt out each mobile device (e.g. smart phone, tablet) that you use.
Hashed eMail Addresses
We work with a variety of Match Partners and Coverage Partners who may provide Hashed eMail Addresses for use in connection with several of our services. You can opt-out of our use of your Hashed Email Addresses in connection with Neustar services by clicking on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website. We will retain your email address on an internal "block" list to prevent its further use in connection with Neustar services.
If you use several email addresses you must opt out for each one.
Online and Offline Data Choices
You can choose to opt out of our use of Neustar’s Offline Data and Online Data for certain purposes. You can also choose to request deletion or access to certain personal information that Neustar may have about you. Please visit our Privacy Choices page to better understand your privacy choices. Please note that opting out of Neustar's processing of your data does not mean you will block online advertising altogether or see fewer ads. It simply means that the ads that you see will not be personalized for you. Ads may be served because they relate to the website you are visiting or to your current search, or they may just be randomly placed.
Your choice to use any of our opt-out tools will not affect ads placed by any other organization.
Accountability
Self-Regulatory Bodies
Neustar is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) and adheres to each organization's Codes and Principles. You can also learn more about online advertising in general on the NAI website, which provides background information on participating companies and permits you to opt-out of receiving tailored online advertising from some or all of its members. For information about the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and to learn more about the Ad Choices icon, visit http://www.aboutads.info/ and http://youradchoices.com/.
You may learn more about our participation in the EDAA's program and online behavioral advertising at www.youronlinechoices.eu.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Neustar and its subsidiaries, (i.e., Administrative Services, LLC, Aggregate Knowledge, LLC., Data Solutions Services, LLC, MarketShare Holdings, Inc., Neustar Information Services, Inc., Neustar, Inc., and Security Services, LLC, collectively "Neustar") participate in and have certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We are committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield List.
Neustar is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Neustar is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Neustar commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Neustar at:
Neustar Privacy
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
Email: Privacy@team.neustar
If you do not receive a timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, please visit Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
European residents may also opt-out of our use of Cookies for online advertising at: www.youronlinechoices.eu
Security
Neustar has implemented policies that include reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect PII against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Children
Neustar does not knowingly collect information from children under 13, and we do not create marketing segments or knowingly enable advertising targeted to children under 18.
Policy Changes
This Policy may change from time to time, in which case we will revise the "Updated" date. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant (also known as material changes), we will provide more prominent notice on this site prior to the changes becoming effective and indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated. Changes we determine to be material to this policy will become effective 30 days after posting.
Information for California Residents
If you are a California resident, you may have the right , pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, to receive a free, yearly accounting of the following information for the preceding calendar year: (1) information identifying each third-party company to whom we may have disclosed, within the past year, personally identifiable information about you for direct marketing purposes; and (2) a description of the categories of personally identifiable information disclosed. You may make such a request by using our privacy choices portal available here.
This Privacy Statement is designed to provide a comprehensive description of Neustar’s practices (in the offline and online environment) regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly with a particular consumer or household (Personal Information). We update this Privacy Statement at least annually, as indicated by the date of last “Update” appearing at the beginning of the statement.
Please click Summary of Categories of Data Processed and Sources for a chart summarizing the categories of data we process and the different kinds of sources for that data.
Please click Summary of Data Use by Category for a chart summarizing how we use different categories of data.
Please click Summary of Data Disclosure by Category for a chart summarizing the categories of third parties with whom Personal Information may be shared.
If you are a resident of California, you may have the right to make certain requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA):
You may have the right to know about Personal Information that we have collected, disclosed, or sold, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected or shared about you in the preceding 12 months,
The categories of sources from which we have collected that information in the preceding 12 months,
The commercial or business reason(s) we have collected or shared that information, and
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared or to whom we have sold that information in the preceding 12 months.
In addition, upon receipt of a verifiable request from you establishing your identity, we may be obligated to disclose specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Under some circumstances, you may have the right to request deletion of Personal Information about you and the right to direct us not to sell that information. Please note that Neustar does not knowingly sell information about individuals under 16 without legally sufficient authorization (from parents of children under 13). You may be entitled to designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
How to exercise your rights under CCPA:
The easiest way to submit a request to know, delete, or opt-out of the sale of Personal Information is to use our online privacy choices portal accessible via our privacy choices page. Using the privacy choices portal enables you to exercise all of your privacy choices in one central platform – and enables us to check for certain pseudonymous identifiers automatically to verify that your request is legitimate.
You can also submit a request to know, delete, or opt-out by sending an email to privacy@team.neustar. Please be sure to include your full name, postal address, telephone number, and email address. We will contact you by email promptly after receipt of your email to let you know the status of your request and, if necessary, to ask for any additional information we need to verify your identity and fulfill your request.
You can submit a request to know, delete, or opt-out by calling 1-844-638-2878
Please note that, depending on the nature of your request, we may need additional information to verify your identity including, without limitation, name, address, telephone number, and/or email addresses. We will use any information you submit only to fulfill your request. If you would like to designate an authorized agent, we will require you to submit an email or letter with that information, including information that allows us to verify your identity as well as the identity of your agent.
Neustar is prohibited by law from treating you in a discriminatory fashion as a result of your election to exercise any rights you have under CCPA.
If you would like to know more about how Neustar processes Personal Information about your, please contact us via email or snail mail to the address below:
Neustar Privacy
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
privacy@team.neustar
Information for EEA Residents
Neustar honors confirmation, access, correction, objection, and erasure rights of Data Subjects under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you are resident in the European Economic Area (EEA), please access the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website using an IP Address in the EEA to access our GDPR Data Subject access portal. If you are an EEA resident but unable to access the portal from an IP Address in Europe, please contact us at privacy@team.neustar to initiate a manual process.
Contact Us
Neustar Privacy
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
privacy@team.neustar
Data Protection Officer:
Kevin Hughes
Neustar, Inc.
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
privacy@team.neustar
EU Representative:
Neustar (UK) Limited/MarketShare Partners EMEA Ltd.
Attn: DPO
21 Palmer Street
London
SW1H 0AD
privacy@team.neustar
Neustar Privacy Choices
Neustar’s Response to Schrems II
CCPA: Neustar's Approach
GDPR: What You Need to Know
Definitions
x
Contact Us
Or call to speak to someone now 1-855-898-0036.
Thank you for contacting us. We'll get back to you as soon as possible.
x
Under DDoS Attack? Relief Begins Here!
Our Security Operations Center is ready to mitigate your attack and restore service to your site. Complete the form below or call 1-855-727-1209 and get relief now.
Thank you for contacting us. We'll be in touch as soon as possible.
Are you under a DDoS attack?
Call +1-855-727-1209.
Marketing Solutions
Marketing Home
Fabrick™
Customer Analytics
Customer Experience
Customer Intelligence
AdAdvisor
Risk Solutions
Risk Home
Authentication
Compliance
Customer Operations
Communications Solutions
Communications Home
Branded Contact Management
Caller Intelligence
Numbering Services
Number Management
Order Management
Security Solutions
Security Home
Application & Network Security
DNS Services
Security Intelligence
Website Performance Management
Identity
Clients
Resources
Blog
About
Leadership
Careers
News Room
Events
Partners
Corporate Social Responsibility
Contact
Login
ElementOne
Localeze BRM
InfoZone
IP Intelligence
PlatformOne
SiteProtect NG
UltraDNS
Webmetrics
Web Performance
NPAC
Numbering
Registry
Support
X
Cookies: This site and all .neustar TLD sites use cookies and other technologies to provide an optimal web user experience. By continuing without changing settings, you agree to our use of cookies. Disabling cookies will restrict usage of our shopping cart. To learn more, please read our Neustar Cookie Policy.
Continue Turn Cookies Off
X
Cookie Opt Out
You have been opted out of Neustar website cookies.
If you would like to opt out of Neustar services cookies, please click on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page.