http://www.verifone.com/en/us/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
Last updated: January 16, 2020
This Cookie statement explains how Verifone uses cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites, including www.verifone.com ("Websites"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Verifone) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The third-party cookie partners that set these third-party cookies can recognise your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits other websites that use that third-party partner's cookies.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third-party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are strictly necessary for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "necessary" cookies. Other cookies include:
Preference Cookies enable us to manage visitor's Website preferences (e.g., the way the Website looks, language preferences, or the region you are in);
Marketing Cookies are used to serve advertising on our Website or on third party websites; and
Statistics Cookies gather analytics about how visitors interact with our Website.
You can see the specific types of first and third-party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform by accessing our cookie consent tool here. You can also accept or decline our Website's cookies through this tool, except for cookies which are necessary to operate the Website.
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Do you serve targeted advertising?
Third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our Websites. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide this information.
How can I control cookies?
You can decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences by opening our cookie consent tool here and choosing which cookies to accept or reject.
You can also set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Websites though your access to some functionality and areas of our Websites may be impaired or restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser (e.g., Microsoft Explorer, Google Chrome), you should visit your specific browser's help menu for more information on managing cookies and preferences.
For information on targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt-out or control, please visit the following sites to learn more: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
How often will you update this Cookie Statement?
We may update this Cookie Statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the types of cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Statement regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Statement indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at the following address: privacy@verifone.com.
You can also learn more about our Privacy Policy by clicking here.