http://www.mavada.com/contact/contact-mavada/terms-and-privacy-policy.asp
Terms & Privacy Policy - Terms & Privacy Policy
Access Keys Documentation Page
Home page
skip to Main Content
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Client login | Sitemap | Accessibility
Themes
Greyscale
Tangerine
Midnight
High Contrast
Home|About Us|Services|Case Studies|Tools|Portfolio|JobsContact
Contact Mavada
Contact
Terms & Privacy Policy
Contact the Mavada TeamHow to find us
Please read these terms and conditions with care prior to using this site. By using this site, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site.Restrictions on Use of MaterialsThis site is owned and operated by MAVADA LIMITED. (referred to as "Mavada," "we," "us," or "our" herein). No material from the site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your non-commercial use only, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of Mavada's copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. Except as otherwise indicated on this site and except for the trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies that are displayed on this site, all trademarks, service marks and trade names are proprietary to Mavada.In the event that you download any software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are non-exclusively licensed to you by Mavada. Mavada does not transfer title to the Software to you. Mavada retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.DisclaimerThe materials in this site are provided 'as is' and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Mavada disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of fitness for purpose or merchantability, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. Mavada does not warrant that any errors or defects in functionality or content will be corrected, or that the presentation of any information herein will be uninterrupted, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of harmful components and viruses. Mavada does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their accuracy, reliability, correctness or otherwise. You (and not Mavada) assume the entire cost of all servicing, correction or repair. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, and therefore the above exclusion may not be applicable to you.Limitation Of LiabilityUnder no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Mavada be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if Mavada or a Mavada authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Mavada have any liability to you for damages, losses and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) for accessing this site.Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy covers Mavada's treatment of any personally identifiable information that we collect when you visit our site, and when you use our services. This policy also applies to Mavada's treatment of any personally identifiable information that we may disclose to any third parties. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies and organisations that we do not own, manage or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.Information Collection and UseWe may collect personally identifiable information when you visit or use our pages. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you visited. We may use this information for three general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfil your requests for certain services and information, and to contact you.Information Sharing and DisclosureMavada will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when: (1) we have your consent to share the information;(2) we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;(3) we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Mavada to provide a product or service to you (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us);(4) we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or (5) we find that your actions on our web sites violate the above terms of service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.CookiesWe may set and access cookies on your computer to provide tailored content in the future.
© Mavada 2001 - 2020
Contact Us
| Site Map
| Terms & Privacy Policy
| XHTML
| CSS
| Accessibility