http://www.krazydad.com/privacy/
Blog  |  Publications  |  Puzzles  |  Fun & Games  |  About
Krazydad Privacy Policy
What information do I collect?
I receive information from you when you contact me via the contact form, or donate to the site via PayPal.
In both cases I may obtain your name and e-mail address. Paypal asks for additional information which I do not collect. You may, however, visit my site anonymously.
For more information about PayPal's privacy policies, see their Privacy Policy webpage.
Until January of 2018, I ran ads from Google on the website. I no longer run ads on the site.
What do I use your information for?
I use your name and email solely so that I can contact you back, for example, to write thank you notes. I will not sell, exchange, transfer, or give your information to any other company for any reason whatsoever.
How do I protect your information?
Paypal implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you make a donation. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
For more information about PayPal's privacy policies, see their Privacy Policy webpage.
Do I use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow them) that enables the sites or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
I use cookies to store your interactive puzzle preferences for future visits and to store the progress of the last interactive puzzle you worked on.
Do I disclose any information to outside parties?
Heck no! I do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because I value your privacy I have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. I therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
I am in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). I do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. My website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contacting Me
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact me using the email address below.
dad@krazydad.com
This policy was last modified on 2020/06/05.
Copyright © 2020 by KrazyDad.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Contact Krazydad