http://www.scmmicro.com/privacy
By using the Identiv website (identiv.com), you give your consent that all personal data that you submit may be processed by Identiv, Inc. in the manner and for the purposes described in the following Privacy Policy. Because we respect your right to privacy, we have developed this Privacy Policy to inform you about our privacy practices for the entire site.
Definitions
The websites identiv.com is owned and operated by Identiv, Inc. The terms “Identiv”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours” when used in this Privacy Policy mean Identiv, Inc., which includes all its subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies.
The terms “you”, “your”, and “yours” when used in this Privacy Policy mean any user of this website.
The term “Personal Data” refers to any personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, company affiliation (if any), email address, telephone number, fax number, and mailing address.
Collection of Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information from a visitor to our site unless that visitor explicitly and intentionally provides it to us. If you are simply browsing our site, we do not gather any personal information about you. We use links throughout our site to provide you with the opportunity to contact us via email to ask questions, request information and materials, or provide comments and suggestions. You may also be offered the opportunity to have one of our representatives contact you personally to provide additional information about our products or services. To do so, we may request personal information from you — such as your name, company affiliation (if any), address, email address, telephone number, fax number, and mailing address — to help us satisfy your request.
Statistical Information about Your Visit
When you visit our site, our computers may automatically collect statistics about your visit. This information does not identify you personally, but rather about a visit to our site. We may monitor statistics, such as how many people visit our site, our users’ IP addresses, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come, and which browsers people use. We use statistics about your visit for aggregation purposes only. These statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our website.
Use of Cookies
Many commercial websites use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how people use the site. A cookie is a small string of text that a website can send to a user’s browser. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address. Currently, the Identiv website uses cookies in conjunction with the presentation of an End User License Agreement that must be accepted by the user before downloading software drivers from the support page of the website. This cookie will be erased from the user’s computer once the user has closed his or her browser.
Use of Personal Data
We process your Personal Data only for specific and limited purposes. We ask only for data that is adequate, relevant, and not excessive for those purposes. When we ask you for Personal Data, we tell you the purposes for which we will process that data. Some of these purposes include the following:
We generally respond to any email questions, requests for product, service or investment information, and other inquiries that we receive.
We may also retain this correspondence to improve our products, services, and website, and for other disclosed purposes. We may retain contact information so that we can send individuals updates or other information about our services and products.
We may contact you occasionally to inform you of new services we will be providing, or special offers, events, or articles we think will be of interest to you.
At your explicit request, we will add your name to our database to receive investment-related news about Identiv.
We may use your Personal Data internally to help us improve our products and services and to help resolve any problems.
Declining Email Offers
At any time after receiving an email correspondence from Identiv, you may request to be removed from our email lists by contacting marketing@identiv.com.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We currently do not sell or distribute your Personal Data with or to third parties, except under limited circumstances, including those described below. In the future, we may sell or distribute your Personal Data with or to third parties under other circumstances.
In the case of email requests for technical support, we sometimes forward the sender’s email request, which may contain your Personal Data, to the relevant contact at one of three companies that now distribute and support certain products for which we continue to receive support requests.
In the case of email requests for sales contact or product sales information, we sometimes forward the sender’s email request, which may contain your Personal Data, to one of our distributors, or for inquiries for products not sold by us, to business partners whom we know have similar products to those being requested.
We may share or transfer the information in our databases, which may contain your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this website, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event.
Data Integrity and Security
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness, and currency of Personal Data in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our databases. Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to identiv.com, but to no other Identiv URLs through or from which you have reached this website. This website contains hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by Identiv. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data or privacy practices. We urge you to review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any Personal Data about yourself.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy forms part of our website Terms of Use and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use of this website to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Orange County, California.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Identiv’s privacy policy is subject to change at any time and without notice. Any changes will be posted in the Privacy Policy section of our website as soon as is practicable after their adoption.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about the way we process your Personal Data, please contact us by emailing marketing@identiv.com.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this website without changing your browser cookie settings, you agree to let us store cookies. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.