http://www.macnightowl.com/privacy-policy
Home » Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Here at Technightowl.com, we know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and your privacy is important to us. We thank you for visiting Technightowl.com (the “Website”) and reviewing our Privacy Policy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from the Website.
Collection Of Information You Give Us
We receive and store any information you voluntarily provide us on our website. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, providing our services, and communicating with you, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example, to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies” and other technologies to keep track of the web searches you make while visiting this website, as well as your web surfing behavior on this website and other websites you may visit to enhance your online experience. This helps to learn about how you use the Website in order to improve the quality of our services or serve appropriate advertising. We may obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our site.
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Personal information is not being collected via cookies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties. In some cases, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Cookies
We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
European Union Users
Data protection law in Europe requires a “lawful basis” for collecting and retaining personal information from citizens or residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases include:
Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of pledges and payments made through our services.Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law that essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and we do so in ways that do not hurt your interests and rights. We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom, or interests. We analyze how users interact with our Website so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our users.
How Your Information May Be Used
We may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain the Website;To send you promotional information, such as newsletters via email. Each email will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;To respond to your comments or inquiries;To provide you with user support;To track and measure advertising on the Website;To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
Third-Party Use Of Personal Information
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies.
The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – This service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address and tracking via cookies, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Google Tag – This service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Tag may capture your IP address and tracking via cookies, but no other personal information is captured by Google Tag.
OptinMonster – This service is used for the collection of email adresses and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications. Please refer to OptinMonster’s privacy policy for further information.
Klaviyo – This service is used for the delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications. Please refer to Klaviyo’s privacy policy for further information. Survey Monkey – This service is used to compile questionnaires and surveys from users of this Website. We store your name and email address for purposes of collecting your voluntary opinion through Survey Monkey.
Hotjar – This service is used to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this Website and user experience. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address, device screen size, device type, browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our Website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf but is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Advertising
Affiliate Program Participation
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
Newsletters
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
Display Ads
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies, as noted above.
Retargeting Ads
From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Website.
Rights Related To Your Personal Information
Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at hi (@) Technightowl.com to be removed from our mailing list. Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to hi (@) Technightowl.com. Amend – You may contact us at contact (@) Technightowl.com to amend or update your personal information. Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to contact (@) Technightowl.com. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
Sensitive Personal Information
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Links
The Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Children
The Website is not directed to children or to people under 18 or under 21 as local state law enforcement dictates.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Website and its members, managers, officers, employees, agents and the assigns of same, from and against any and all loss, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses), claims, damages and liabilities related to or associated with your use of the Website and any violation of this Privacy Policy by you.
Conditions Of Use, Notices, And Revisions
If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the United States. If you have any concern about privacy at our website, please send us details of your concern to hi (@) Technightowl.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. This Privacy Policy was last updated in June 2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below. Contact Technightowl.com
For California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the Privacy Policy information above and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, our Website has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
CategoryCollectionA. Identifiers.NoB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).NoC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.NoD. Commercial information.NoE. Biometric information.NoF. Internet or other similar network activity.NoG. Geolocation data.NoH. Sensory data.NoI. Professional or employment-related information.NoJ. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).NoK. Inferences drawn from other personal information.No
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Technightowl.com obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our site.
Use Of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to send us an email or sign up for our mailing list, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
Technightowl.com will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Technightowl.com may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.Data aggregators.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Technightowl.com disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Technightowl.com delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 ).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email at hi (@) technightowl.com.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to hi (@) technightowl.com.