https://www.thefreecountry.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy Policy
Privacy and cookies on thefreecountry.com
You are here:
thefreecountry.com (main page) >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page outlines thefreecountry.com's
policy concerning your privacy. You should also read my No Spam Policy.
What sort of information is collected from me on this site?
If you send me feedback using the website's contact form, you will be asked for
your email address so that I can reply to you.
What is done with my email address?
It will be used to reply to your message. That's it.
Do you sell my email address to any third party?
No. I adhere to a strict privacy and no spam policy.
Do you store cookies in my web browser?
By default, without your intervention, thefreecountry.com itself does not use cookies on its pages.
One of the site's advertisers, Google, uses cookies in the course of serving advertisements. You can
read more information about Google's use of cookies here.
On the pages where Google adverts
appear, I display a "This site uses cookies" notice. While I have tried my best to make sure that the notice obstructs
as little of the content as possible, I realize that if you are reading these pages on a small screen, even a brief notice
can use up valuable screen space, hampering your effort to go through the page efficiently.
As such, if you click the "Close" button to get rid of the notice, thefreecountry.com saves that setting and remembers it
on its other pages, so as not to inconvenience you any further. The method provided by the web protocols/standards
to save settings is by storing a cookie. In other words, if you click the "Close" button, thefreecountry.com will
actually end up saving a cookie where previously it didn't.
That said, the cookie contains no personal information and cannot be used to track you. In fact, everyone
who clicks the "Close" button gets the exact same cookie. Specifically, the cookie only has the words
"user_wants_notice_gone=y". All pages on thefreecountry.com will obey that cookie and not display any notice
as long as the cookie exists. The cookie expires after 365 days, so if you come back to this site after a year,
you'll have to click the "Close" button again.
Newest Pages
How to Embed a Background Image in CSS to Get a Self-Contained Web Page
How to Create a Website Free of Charge
Free Software to Create Bootable and Multi-Boot USB drives
How to Restore the Style Properties Panel in BlueGriffon if It Disappears
How to Use Small Capital Letters for Lowercase and Large Capital Letters for Uppercase (CSS)
How to Change the Colour (Color) of Links on a Website with Expression Web
Why Can't I Make Up Any Domain I Want? Is There a Way to Do Away with a Registrar Altogether?
How to Prevent Two or More Words from Being Split into Separate Lines (HTML/CSS)
What's the Difference Between a Domain Name Registrar and a Web Host?
How to Convert Your Website From HTTP to HTTPS
Popular Pages
How to Create/Make Your Own Website: The Beginner's A-Z Guide
How to Register Your Own Domain Name - how to get your own domain name
What's the Difference Between a Content Management System (CMS), a Blog, a Web Editor and an Online Site Builder?
Expression Web Tutorial: How to Design a Website with Microsoft Expression Web
Dreamweaver Tutorial: How to Design a Website with Dreamweaver CS6
How to Make a Mobile-Friendly Website: Responsive Design in CSS
BlueGriffon Tutorial: How to Design a Website with BlueGriffon 3
How to Create a Blog
Free CD and DVD Burners and Copying Software
Free Hard Disk Backup and Restore, Hard Disk Image and Cloning Utilities
Copyright © 2001-2018 by Christopher Heng. All rights reserved.
thesitewizard™, thefreecountry™ and HowToHaven™ are trademarks of Christopher Heng.
This page was last updated on 23 May 2018.
Search This Site
Main Site
Home
Feedback
Link To Us
No Spam Policy
Privacy
Site Map
Programming
Free Compilers
Source Code / Libraries
Programming Tools
Documentation
Free Emulators
For Webmasters
Web Hosting
Perl Scripts
PHP Scripts
ASP Scripts
JavaScripts
Script Hosting
Other Resources
Tutorials / Scripts
Wizards
Security
Security
Miscellaneous
Free Utilities
Operating Systems
Internet
Tofrodos
News
If you find this site useful, please
link to us.