http://www.searchftps.com/privacypolicy
Log In
Register
Submit
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give through NAPALM FTP Indexer site will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including user names and/or email addresses.
We analyze website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on our website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, related to this "personal" content, we only keep track of the number of searches or submits for each registered member but not the content or search string each of our members have been done. We may add links into our website that reflects this numbers to individuals that actually browse the site.
Third Party Advertising
We use MaxWorldwide and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click Here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
NAPALM FTP Indexer lets you search and download files located on public FTP servers.
The most advanced FTP Search Engine service maintained by members.
>>>  Donate Bitcoin  13CaChceoDTfgtcyfmhUB28XdCA7djZHcn  <<<
About
|
Faq
|
Contact Us
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2002-2020 NAPALM Indexer