http://www.blueproject.ro/privacy-policy
For you and your business
Products BlueDoc SysTracer BlueMATH Support About us Contact RO | EN | RSS
Privacy policy
The Privacy Policy presented in here applies globally for Blue Project Software operations.
Blue Project Software is a software manufacturer creating software products for you and your
business.
Overall privacy statement
We consider your privacy very important. We gather several types of information about our users
and that's why we want you to know the terms and conditions on which we base our actions.
This policy presents the types of information we collect and how we use it. This privacy policy
applies to this web site that you are viewing when you clicked through to this policy, which is
operated directly by us.
What information does Blue Project Software collect?
Blue Project Software collects through its contact forms or other types of forms available on this
website personal identifiable information like name, email address, company name, title and
position. From time to time we might ask you to provide us with other information so that we can
serve you according to your needs.
How does Blue Project Software use this information?
We use the collected information only for us so that we can improve the services we are providing to our customers. The specific reasons for which we can use your information are the following:
improve our services and the way we present products and information to you;
to provide you news related to Blue Project Software products and services when we have your agreement for this operation;
to fulfill your requests regarding certain products and services;
Does Blue Project Software share the collected information with other parties?
No. Blue Project Software is not sharing the collected information about the users of its
website and products with other parties. Blue Project Software is not selling the collected
information about the users to other parties. Blue Project Software is keeping this information
for its sole use.
What are the options for those that do not wish to provide any information to us?
Users who would prefer not to provide us any information can use our services provided on the
website in the same manner as the registered users. Still your options of sending us feedback
using contact form or other forms from our website might be lower than for the user that is
providing us these data.
How about privacy policy changes?
The proper place to be notified about privacy policy changes is this page. When a major privacy
policy change takes place all our registered users will receive an email specifying the link to
the updated privacy policy.
NewsNovember 20, 2015SysTracer v2.10 releasedSysTracer can now record information about opened files, folders, registry keys and TCP / UDP ports in use.
Command line support is improved: record remote snapshots from command line, use post filters,
list recorded snapshots and remote machines. February 17, 2014SysTracer v2.8 releasedStarting with this version, SysTracer can use post filters to hide changes of irrelevant items
from the already recorded snapshots. Reports can be exported in PDF. February 21, 2013BlueDoc v2.1 releasedUsing the new introduced Application Rules
now is possible to configure how the properties of documents and folders are initialized or changed
when operations like Create, Copy, Move, Archive or Restore are performed. November 12, 2012BlueDoc v2.0 releasedBlueDoc 2.0 version is now available, featuring major improvements: simplified but more efficient access rights management, improved user-defined document categories and properties, redesigned workflow editor,
recover option for accidentally deleted documents. read all...
© Copyright 2019 Blue Project Software. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy |
Terms of use