http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/ftc/DCLK_comp_pr.html
FOR RELEASE CONTACT:
Thursday, February 10, 2000
EPIC FILES FTC COMPLAINT AGAINST DOUBLECLICK,
ALLEGES "DECEPTIVE AND UNFAIR TRADE PRACTICES"
IN ONLINE DATA COLLECTION
Washington, DC -- The Electronic Privacy Information Center
today filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission
concerning the information collection practices of DoubleClick
Inc., a leading Internet advertising firm, and its business
partners. The complaint alleges that DoubleClick is unlawfully
tracking the online activities of Internet users and combining
surfing records with detailed personal profiles contained in a
national marketing database. EPIC is asking the FTC to
investigate the practices of the company, to destroy all records
wrongfully obtained, to invoke civil penalties, and to enjoin
the firm from violating the Federal Trade Commission Act.
The EPIC complaint follows the merger of Doubleclick and Abacus
Direct, the country's largest catalog database firm. Doubleclick
has announced its intention to combine anonymous Internet
profiles in the Doubleclick database with the personal
information contained in the Abacus database.
EPIC's complaint alleges that the DoubleClick merger of the two
databases violates the companies' assurances that the
information it collects on Internet users would remain
anonymous, and that the data collection was therefore unfair and
deceptive. EPIC also charges that the company has failed to
follow its revised privacy policy and that this is also unfair.
Marc Rotenberg, Executive Director of EPIC, said "This complaint
against Doubleclick is a critical test of the current state of
privacy protection in the United States. We are looking to the
Federal Trade Commission to see whether companies that break
their promises and collect personal information in an unfair and
deceptive manner will be held accountable."
David Sobel, EPIC's General Counsel, said that "today's
complaint raises fundamental issues involving electronic
commerce." He noted that "much of the information collection
that occurs on the Internet is invisible to the consumer, which
raises serious questions of fairness and informed consent."
The Electronic Privacy Information Center is a public interest
research organization in Washington, DC. EPIC's activities
include the review of governmental and private sector policies
and practices to determine their possible impacts on individual
privacy interests.
The text of EPIC's complaint against DoubleClick is available
online at:
http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/ftc/DCLK_complaint.pdf
- 30 -
.