https://www.tmd.tv/privacy-policy/
+44 (0) 1296 745080 enquiries@tmd.tv Mediaflex CloudJanus CloudResourcesSupportAbout UsThe TMD DifferenceManagement TeamClientsPartners and Integrators
Privacy PolicyPurpose of this statementThe purpose of this privacy statement is to provide you with details of how TransMedia Dynamics (TMD) will collect, store and use the personal data you supply to us.Personal data is information which relates to identifiable living individuals. TMD will act in accordance with current legislation and meet current best practice regarding the processing of personal data.  TMD is registered as a data controller in the United Kingdom under the Data Protection Act 1998.Collection of personal dataIn using our website, you may be asked to provide certain personal data to TMD. At a trade show or other marketing events we attend we may collect your personal details from your exhibition badge or business card. If you contact us by email or telephone a member of TMD’s staff we may collect your personal details.In all cases we may compile and process the personal data we receive in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By providing such information you consent to its use and storage in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.  When using our website, we may also collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type.Use of personal dataTMD will only use your data for the purposes for which it is provided or for purposes to which you have consented.  For example, by providing your name, address, email address and telephone number we can contact you about the services and systems we provide. You may opt out of all or some of these methods of contact at any time by contacting us.We may contact you in the future with information about other systems and services we offer or send you information about products and services developed by third parties in association with TMD. We do not allow third parties to use the data we collect unless we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with laws and regulations of government. If you would prefer your information not to be used in these ways please contact us so we may remove your personal data.Storage and correction or personal dataTMD will retain the personal data it holds subject to our retention policies or until you send us notice that you no longer wish us to retain this data.  We are obliged to supply you, on request, with a copy of the personal data we hold about you.  If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us as set out in the previous paragraph.  Should you discover any inaccuracies in such personal information, please notify us as soon as possible and we will then correct our records. We will change your data at no charge once in every 12-month period, if you would like your personal data changed again in the same period then we may charge you an administration fee.CookiesIf you use our website we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer.  Cookies contain information which is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.  They help us to give the best possible website experience and help us improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service.You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser related to the control of cookies.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.Revisions of the Privacy PolicyWe may make changes to this Privacy Policy and will posting the new version on our website.Links to other sitesOur website may have links to other websites, please be aware we cannot be held responsible for the privacy policy of other websites and this policy applies to our website only. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of all the other websites you visit.  Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those websites.  ContactUK Address: TransMedia Dynamics Ltd., Tower House, High Street, Aylesbury, BUCKS, HP20 1SQ, UKEmail:  enquiries@tmd.tv | Telephone: +44 (0)1296 745080USA Address: TransMedia Dynamics Inc., 411 West Monroe Street, Austin, Texas 78704, USAEmail:  enquiries@tmd.tv | Telephone: +1 (512) 717 9144
Your Choices Regarding Cookies On This SiteCookies are important to the proper functioning of a site. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Agree and Proceed”, you consent to the use of ALL cookies.More InformationAGREE AND PROCEEDPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.