https://www.appliansys.com/company/privacy/
"I find CACHEBOX a cost-effective solution that requires little maintenance after the initial installation."
Shawn Organ, Network Administrator, Long Beach Unified School District, USA
"I'm extremely satisfied with CACHEBOX."
Michael Carr, IT Director, Seneca R-7 School District, USA
"Best of all, CACHEBOX is extremely easy to use and maintain!"
Keith Stoeber, Network Administrator, Sioux Central CSD, USA
"With DNSBOX , administration can easily be passed on through business generations without worrying about maintaining lots of specialist local knowledge and the risk of losing it."
Network Manager, Telecoms Equipment Manufacturer
"Teachers and students could barely access video content - now, they're delighted that they can do more with video and other classroom content"
Mike Evans, Network Administrator, Hampton Academy, USA
Company
About Us
News
Management
Employment
Partners
Support
Privacy
Contact us
Legal
Privacy
On-line Privacy Policy of ApplianSys Limited (referred to herein as “ApplianSys”)
ApplianSys is aware of its obligations under EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and takes active and ongoing steps to address its requirements.
This policy explains how and why we use your personal data, to ensure that you remain informed and in control of your information.
Any references to ApplianSys, or to ‘we’ or ‘us’ refer to: ApplianSys Limited (Company Registration Number: 07608382).
Data Collected Automatically
ApplianSys automatically collects and stores IP Addresses, but not personal data of visitors to our website (unless input by the visitor). We store and analyse aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. You can view our cookie policy here.
The information ApplianSys collects, stores and analyses via cookies is used to improve the way we do business with our current customers and potential customers.
Data provided by you
ApplianSys stores personal data provided by visitors when they submit e-mail or a web-based form. The data we collect includes visitors name, the name of the organisation they work for, the country that they are contacting from, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses and the nature of the correspondence.
If a visitor has submitted e-mail or a web-based form to ApplianSys they may receive mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If a visitor does not wish to receive such correspondence, they may elect not to receive them when they send e-mail to ApplianSys.
Direct Marketing from ApplianSys will always contain a clear “opt-out” link. Clicking on the link will immediately remove a recipient from our electronic mailing list(s).
Voluntary information visitors provide through on-line surveys and/or site registrations may be stored, analysed and, when a lawful basis has been identified, used for direct marketing purposes.
Information provided to 3rd party websites such as publicly accessible tender notice databases may also be processed for direct marketing.
As defined by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), ApplianSys uses two different lawful bases for processing your data for direct marketing purposes:
i) Legitimate interest
This is where we have identified a genuine and legitimate reason for contacting you, which crucially does not override your rights or interests
We use legitimate interest to send you information about our products, educational content about the technologies we employ and to invite interaction by email, post or telephone.
ii) Opt-in consent
This is where you have given us express permission to contact you by particular communication channels.
We use opt-in consent to send you information about our products, educational content about the technologies we employ and to invite interaction by email, post or telephone.
We respect your right to update the way we get in touch with you at any time. If a visitor does not wish to receive such mailings, they may elect not to receive them each time information is submitted to ApplianSys online, by using unsubscribe links provided in each correspondence from ApplianSys or by contacting ApplianSys using the details provided in this policy.
How ApplianSys stores and accesses your data
Personal data submitted by email or web based forms to ApplianSys will only be retained as long as necessary. Reasonable steps are taken to ensure security against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure and destruction. Additionally, access to personally identifiable information is limited to individuals needing such access to perform their job function and satisfy the correspondence of the visitor.
ApplianSys will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without permission. We will never sell, rent or loan any Personal Data or identifiable information collected on this Website. However, ApplianSys may need to provide name and delivery address to third parties that ApplianSys uses for the purposes of delivering specific services (e.g., customer support, or a transport company).
ApplianSys ensures that any third party with whom personal data will be shared has sufficient policies and systems to protect your personal data and comply with GDPR.
Persons who supply ApplianSys with their telephone numbers online may receive calls from us regarding their inquiries, service requests or orders they have submitted on-line. Visitors may also receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If a visitor does not wish to receive such telephone calls, they may indicate this preference each time they submit information to ApplianSys online.
Your rights
We respect your right to control your data. Your rights include:
a) The right to be informed
This privacy notice outlines how we capture, store and use your data. If you have any questions about any elements of this policy, please contact us.
b) The right of access
If you wish to obtain a record of the personal data we hold about you, through a Subject Access Request, we will endeavor to respond within one month.
c) The right to rectification
If we have captured information about you that is inaccurate or incomplete, we will update it.
d) The right to erase
You can ask us to remove or randomise your personal details from our records.
e) The right to restrict processing
You can ask us to stop using your personal data.
f) The right to data portability
You can ask to obtain your personal data from us for your own purposes.
g) The right to object
You can ask to be excluded from marketing activity.
h) Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
We respect your right not to be subject to a decision that is based on automated processing.
For more information on your individual rights, please see the Information Commissioner’s Office.
In the event that you submit a request to ApplianSys to exercise the above rights and do not received a response within 30 days, you have the right to contact The ICO:
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF, UK.
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Data Retention Policy
When we collect or process personally identifiable visitor or customer data, we will only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or to meet local legislation requirements. after which that data will be deleted or anonymised for aggregate record keeping.
Customers
We retain customer data indefinitely for the purposes of correspondence, after sales service, and product history, product news and updates.
Legitimate interest
If, in pursuit of our legitimate business interest, we collect or process personally identifiable data for direct communication, we will keep it for as long as that business interest remains verified, or until removal is personally requested.
If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will anonymise your contact details, and delete all personal information from records of past communication except where this violates a separate legal requirement for ApplianSys to retain your data.
Your email address may be retained in a ‘do not contact’ list in order to avoid it being inadvertently processed.
Leaving this website
ApplianSys provides links to third party sites. When visitors link from ApplianSys.com to another web site, the privacy policy of the other web site applies and will be tailored to that web site. Since ApplianSys does not control those web sites, we encourage visitors to review the privacy policies.
Changes to this policy
This Online Privacy Policy of ApplianSys is subject to change to keep up with changing legislation and best practice. If changes occur, they will be posted on www.appliansys.com
Should you wish to find out more about the information we hold about you, or about our privacy policy, please contact us:
ApplianSys House
Harry Weston Road
Coventry
CV3 2UB
Or via e-mail at info@appliansys.com
CACHEBOX users happy enough to KISUCACHEBOX the key SuccessFactorSweeter web access for HamiltonJefferson freed for independent learningDNSBOX takes Somerset Care of it
Support
Privacy
Legal
Contact Us
© 2001 - 2020 ApplianSys
Our website uses cookies so that you can navigate more easily and we can provide a better service. More infoOkay, thanks