http://www.simsol.com/terms-and-conditions/
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
1-800-447-4676
MySimsol Login
Simsol's General Terms and Conditions
Last updated on June 1, 2018. Replaces the prior version in its entirety.
The following terms govern your use of our website or services such as Simsol and software that we include as part of our Services, including any applications, Content Files, instruction guides/tutorials, and any related documentation. By using Simsol’s website, resources, or services, you agree to the following terms and conditions. The use of these sites are voluntary and are being made available to you for use in obtaining information about Simsol’s products, resources, and services.
This website is owned and operated by Simultaneous Solutions Inc (Simsol Software or Simsol). The following terms of service (“Terms”) are a legal agreement between you and Simsol. By accessing, browsing and/or using any area of this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to be legally bound and to abide by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations.
Simsol offers this website to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of these terms. Simsol may change, update or amend these Terms without notice to you. If you are using this website on behalf of your employer, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these terms on your employer’s behalf and that your employer agrees to indemnify you and Simsol for violations of these terms.
If you do not agree to these terms, do not use or further access this website.
Content Disclaimer
All information provided on Simsol’s website and supporting websites are provided for information purposes only. Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information, Simsol makes no guarantees of any kind and cannot be held liable for any outdated or incorrect information. In no event should Simsol be responsible or liable directly or indirectly for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such information available on or through any Simsol site or resource.
It is your responsibility to research the accuracy, completeness, and usefulness of all opinions, services, and other information found on these sites. Simsol assumes no responsibility or liability for any consequence resulting directly or indirectly any action or inaction you take based on or made in reliance on the information, services, or material on any of Simsol websites or resources.
No Warranty, Limitation of Liability
Although Simsol attempts to provide a useful website; Simsol does not guarantee that the content is accurate, current or suitable for any particular purpose. Simsol assumes no obligation to update or continue to post the material. Simsol does not guarantee that access to this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that this website will be free of viruses or other harmful components, or that this website cannot be tampered with by third parties. Simsol does not guarantee that messages or data sent to this website will not be obtained, reviewed, disclosed or tampered with by third parties, whether or not measures are taken to secure such messages or data. This website, the content and any software related to it are provided on an “as is” basis, “with all faults” and “as available.” to the maximum extent provided by law, Simsol makes no representations, warranties or conditions of any kind whatsoever, express or implied. Simsol disclaims any and all warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranties of title, non-infringement, quiet enjoyment, no encumbrances, no liens or accuracy or any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Use of this website, the content and such software is at the user’s sole risk. In no event will Simsol be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to this website (including but not limited to any software related to this website, any website operated by a third party, or any content contained in this website or any other website). Including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, whether under a contract, tort or any other theory of liability, even if Simsol is aware of the possibility of such damages.
Some jurisdictions may not allow the disclaimer of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to you. This website may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. By furnishing information, Simsol does not grant any licenses to any copyrights, trademarks, patents or any other intellectual property rights.
Copyrights
Except as otherwise noted on this website, all information and other content posted on this website (collectively, the “content”) is the owned by or licensed to Simsol, and is protected by copyrights or other proprietary rights. All content is copyrighted by Simsol as a collective work under the U.S. and international copyright laws, conventions, and treaties. Simsol and its licensors retain all proprietary rights to the content. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discern the source code of the components of any software related to this website. You may make one hard print copy of limited portions of the content on an ad hoc basis for your personal non-commercial use only, provided that all copyright and other notices contained therein are maintained. Otherwise, the content may not be used, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, modified or distributed in any way without Simsol’s written permission.
All rights reserved. These sites and all content which includes but is not limited to design, forms, layout, look, appearance and graphics are owned by Simsol and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or by other proprietary rights and laws. By using these sites, you agree not to reproduce these sites in any form or exploit them for any commercial purposes without the express written authorization from Simsol. For reproduction requests, please contact Simsol at 800.447.4676.
Trademarks
“Simsol” and “Claimswire” as well as other related marks which may appear on this website, are the trademarks, trade names or service marks of Simsol (collectively, “Trademarks”). not all common law trademarks used by Simsol are listed on this page. Failure of a trademark to appear on this page does not mean that Simsol does not use the mark nor does it mean that the product is not actively marketed or is not significant within its relevant market. The trademarks may not be used, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, modified or distributed in any way. No license or other right is granted to use any of the trademarks. Other product, service and company names mentioned herein are for identification purposes only and may be trademarks/service marks of their respective owners.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Simsol, its owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, information providers, licensors and licensees from any damages, losses, costs or expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees) which any of such persons may incur as a result of your use of this website or as a result of information entered into this website by you. You agree to cooperate fully with simsol in defense of any claim. Simsol reserves the right, at its expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not, in any event, settle any matter without the written consent of simsol.
Links
Websites hyperlinked or otherwise accessible from or mentioned in this website are not under the control of simsol and are not part of this website. Simsol is not responsible for the content located on or through, or the availability of, a linked site. Any links to other websites are provided only for the purpose of convenience and do not constitute an endorsement of any linked site, its owner or operator.
Privacy
Simsol does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website. Please note that any information or material sent to Simsol will be deemed not to be confidential. If you send a message or data to this website, you hereby grant to Simsol and its affiliates and licensees an irrevocable license to read, use, distribute, disclose and otherwise handle the information as Simsol deems appropriate in its sole judgment. Simsol may use the message or data for statistical purposes, and may also provide the message or data to third parties.
General Provisions
This website is controlled by Simsol in the state of Florida, USA. The laws of the state of Florida will govern these Terms, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Simsol makes no representation that this website or the content is appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Those who chose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws if applicable. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Orange County, Florida, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for litigating any such action. The provisions of these terms are severable. If any provision is determined to be unenforceable, such unenforceability will not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provision. Simsol’s obligations on its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided. If you obtain a product or service from Simsol off this website that is provided without an agreement, that product or service is provided “as-is” with no warranties whatsoever, express or implied, and your use of that product or service is at your own risk. Simsol may revise these terms at any time by posting such changes on this website; any such changes shall be binding upon you when posted.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to:
Simsol Software Inc. attn: Web Administrator 11315 Corporate Blvd.
Suite 219 Orlando, FL 32817 telephone (407) 384-8818 facsimile (407) 384-9216 email: webadmin@simsol.com
Changes to Terms of Service Statement
Simsol will occasionally update the terms of service statement to reflect company and customer feedback. when Simsol posts changes to this terms of service statement, you will see the word “updated” next to the terms of service statement link on the front page of Simsol.com. Simsol encourages you, periodically, to review the terms of service statement.
View our Privacy Policy