http://www.finjan.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
FINJAN WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last revised: July 31,2018
This Website Privacy Statement (this “Privacy Statement”) describes our privacy practices for our websites.
When this Privacy Statement refers to “Finjan,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or similar terms, it means Finjan Holdings, LLC, a Delaware, USA, corporation, and its affiliates, which include Finjan, Inc., Finjan Mobile, Inc., Finjan Blue, Inc., and CybeRisk Security Solutions, Ltd and Invincibull.io.  When this Privacy Statement refers to “you” or uses similar words, it means the subject of the personal information discussed in this Privacy Statement.
When this Privacy Statement speaks of a Finjan website (the “Websites”), it means any page or other element that available at the websites affiliated with Finjan, including the domains “www.finjan.com,”“www.finjanmobile.com,” “www.finjanblue.com”, www.cyberisk.biz and Invincibull.io This Privacy Statement applies only to the Websites and related services.  This Privacy Statement does not apply to the FinjanMobile app InvinciBull ®, which is subject to a different privacy statement.
Finjan strives to collect the minimal amount of information necessary to operate the Websites.  By using the Websites, you are agreeing to the collection, storage, processing, sharing and other activities with respect to your information as provided for in this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement answers the following questions:
What information does Finjan collect and how does it use that information?
How does Finjan use online tracking methods?
With whom, and how, does Finjan share your information?
May persons under the age of 18 use the Websites?
How can you correct, delete, or obtain a copy of your personal information?
Does this Privacy Statement extend to websites provided by others?
How does Finjan secure and safeguard your information and notify you of a data breach?
How may you opt-out of receiving additional marketing materials from Finjan?
How does Finjan handle changes to this Privacy Statement?
What do you do if you do not believe that your data is being properly handled or you have questions about this Privacy Statement?
What information does Finjan collectand how does it use that information?
Finjan collects the following personal information:
Contact Information.  If you ask Finjan to contact you, we ask you to provide your nameand email address. You may also provide us other relevant information in the comments section.
We use this information to communicate with you regarding Finjan products or services, including sending you newsletters and similar materials.
If you provide contact information on behalf of another person, you represent and warrant to Finjan that you have all necessary authority to provide that information to Finjan for these purposes.
Other Personal Information.  You also may volunteer personal information to Finjan, such as by providing a resume if you are seeking employment with Finjan or as part of a comments box.
Finjan will only use the information provided for the intended purpose, e.g. in connection with a potential hiring decision or in connection with contacting with you.
“Personal information” means any data about an identified or identifiable individual, including data that that identifies or could be used to identify, locate, track, or contact an individual. Personal information includes both directly identifiable information such as a name, identification number or unique job title, and indirectly identifiable information such as date of birth, unique mobile identifier, or telephone number.
Operational Data.  Finjan, or its Internet service provider (“ISP”), may also collect log-file information, such as IP addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks.  Finjan collects this data in order to understand who is visiting the Websites and to analyze trends and administer the Websites, apps, and other resources.
How does Finjan use online tracking methods?
Finjan uses “cookies” and other methods on its Websites and/or other resources to provide offers that might interest you and to personalize the content that Finjan provides to you on the Websites and/or other resources.  Cookies are small text files placed on your computer. You may find further information about cookies at the following website: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Finjan may also serve, provide, or designate the content of advertisements or other presentations on third-party websites, including on third-party websites or as part of third-party services.  Some cookies or similar devices exist only during a particular session, and some are persistent over multiple sessions over time.
These methods can allow you to maintain your information between visits, and they allow Finjan to measure and record activity.
Finjan may use advertising service providers to deliver Finjan advertisements on other websites or resources that you visit or use.  In serving Finjan advertisements, these companies may use cookies and other tracking devices to collect information about your visits to other websites and resources, like browser type, IP address, which page or content was visited, and time of day.  Finjan uses information provided by these companies to evaluate advertising, customize user experience, and focus marketing and other communications.
You can set your web browser to reject cookies. Each browser is different, so you should check your browser's "Help" menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you reject or block cookies, Finjan's website(s) might not function as intended.
Do Not Track Signals.  Many web browsers have a "do not track" setting. That said, there is no widely-accepted standard (through the World Wide Web Consortium or otherwise) governing what should happen when a user selects "do not track" in his or her browser. If and when an industry consensus is reached about how to treat a "do not track" setting, Finjan will determine whether to follow that consensus approach. In the meantime, enabling "do not track" in your browser will not change what information is exchanged with your computer, or how that information is used.
With whom, and how, does Finjan share your information?
Service Providers.  Finjan may provide your information to service providers to facilitate, evaluate, and improve the Websites and our related services, provide technical support, identify visitors to the Websites or perform other functions in support of Finjan’s conduct of its business.  In all cases, these service providers’ use of your information will be contractually limited to uses consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Anonymous Information. If Finjan anonymizes your information so that it no longer reasonably identifies you, Finjan may use and share that information with anyone for any purpose.
Successors. Your information, including personal information, may be disclosed and transferred in connection with the sale or transfer of Finjan’s business or assets.
Such transfer would enable due diligence and/or allow the transferee to operate the business.
Finjan will ensure that the transferee agrees to protect personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statementas it may be updated.
To Comply with Legal Requirements. Finjan may share your information if Finjan believes that such sharingis required by law.  We will take commercially reasonable steps to notify you if we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of a legal process.  Finjan also may use and disclose your information in the prosecution or defense by Finjan of any litigation involving Finjan that arises out of, or is related to, your use of any Finjan product, service or right.
International Transfer.  Finjan may transfer your information to, and store and process your information in, jurisdictions other than the jurisdiction in which you live and/or work.  Such other jurisdictions might have laws that treat your privacy differently from the jurisdiction in which you live and/or work.  You agree to any such transfer, storage, and/or processing.
May persons under the age of 18 use the Websites?
No, the minimum age of any user of the Websites is 18 years of age.  If you are under the age of 18, please do not use the Websites or supply any personal information to Finjan.
How can you correct, delete, or obtain a copy of your personal information?
You may obtain a copy of your personal information by sending an email to Finjan at privacy@finjan.com and requesting that information.
You may request that we update, correct, or delete (assuming that this does not impact the services we are providing to you) your personal information at any time.You also may request that we restrict or cease the processing of your personal information while we make any corrections which you request.  Please note that we may reject requests that risk the privacy of others or are unreasonable or repetitive, or would require disproportionate effort.
We will keep your personal information no longer than is reasonably necessary given the purposes for which the information was collected.
Upon your request, you may receive a copy of your personal information which you provided to Finjan in a structured and commonly used machine readable format and you may transfer that information to another data controller. If it is technically feasible you may request that we transfer the data directly to another controller.  We will comply with your request subject to verifying your identity and provided that it is technically feasible.
If you are a resident of a member state of the European Union or Switzerland you also have the right to seek assistance from the data protection authorities, Click here for EU Data Protection Authorities and click here for Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.
Does this Privacy Statement extend to websites provided by others?
The Websites might contain links to other websites or other resources not operated by Finjan.  Finjan cannot control, and is not responsible for, the information that the operators of such websites gather or what the operators of such websites do with the information.  You should obtain and read the privacy statements of those third parties to understand their practices.
How does Finjan secure and safeguard your information and notify you of a data breach?
Finjan uses, and requires that its service providers use, commercially reasonable physical, technical, administrative, and other safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access to, use of, alteration of, or destruction of, your information.  In addition, we limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, and work to ensure that anyone with whom we share such information treats that information with the privacy and security it deserves.
To the extent applicable law requires that Finjan notify you that your personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthorized person, Finjan will provide that notice by email (using the latest available address in our records) or as otherwise required by applicable law.
How may you opt-out of receiving additional marketing materials from Finjan?
Users who no longer wish to receive newsletters, digital notifications, or promotional materials may opt to not receive such communications by contacting Finjan using the information below or by selecting the unsubscribe option that may be included in such communications.  If, after opting out, you request information from Finjan or do certain things that invite us to use your personal information again, Finjan will regard you as having opted back in.
How does Finjan handle changes to this Privacy Statement?
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time.  If we change this Privacy Statement in ways that affect how we use your personal information, we will advise you of the choices you may have as a result of those changes.  We will also post a notice that this Privacy Statement has changed.
For your convenience, we make prior versions of our Privacy Statement available to you for review.
What do you do if you do not believe that your information is being properly handled or you have questions about this Privacy Statement?
If you feel that Finjan is not abiding by this Privacy Statement or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement, the personal information we process about you, the purpose and nature of the processing, or with whom we share it, please contact Finjan’s privacy liaison using the following information:
Privacy OfficeFinjan Holdings, LLC2000 University Avenue - Suite 600East Palo Alto, California 94303Telephone: 650-282-3228E-mail: privacy@finjan.com
Please be sure to include your name and contact information, but do not include any information regarding your password(s), if any.