https://www.realtourvision.com/support/policies.html
Policies | RTV 360 Software
Menu LoginFAQsBlogHomeAbout Us About Real Tour Vision (RTV)Meet The TeamNewsProducts and Services Real Tour Vision Software FeaturesTour Software for PhotographersTour Software for Brokers & AgentsOrder Professional Photo SessionNational Photography Services Virtual Reality Tours for VR HeadsetsGoogle Street View | Trusted Virtual ToursPanoramic Photography HardwareVirtual Home Staging SoftwareFloor Plan Virtual ToursSingle Property WebsitesSupport Virtual Tour Software SupportRecommended Camera EquipmentAbout Panoramic PhotographyHow Panoramas Are MadeReal Tour Vision WebinarsVirtual Tour Provider ConventionReal Tour Vision FAQsPoliciesAmericans With DisabilitiesKnowledge BaseTour GalleryTestimonials Testimonials PageCase Study OneCase Study TwoContact Us
Get Started:
1Order virtual tours
2Start a virtual tour business
3Do-it-yourself virtual tours
Sales Support Start Chat
VIRTUAL TOURSOFTWARE Free Trial
Virtual Tour Gallery Click Here
VIRTUAL STAGINGSOFTWARE Free Trial PoliciesRTV reserves the right to update these policies, terms, and conditions at any time without notice.
30-Day Money Back GuaranteeUpdated: 9/27/2017Every customer will receive a 30-day money back satisfaction guarantee from the date of purchase of their Real Tour Vision Virtual Tour Software and Virtual Tour Builder Kit. Any tour credits purchased at the time of the original Virtual Tour Builder Kit are also included under this guarantee. This guarantee includes satisfaction with RTV’s products, services, and camera compatibility. This guarantee is void if items returned to RTV are damaged or if the customer has not notified RTV by the end of the 30-day return period. See Limited Warranty policy for additional hardware warranty coverage.If a customer is not satisfied with their Virtual Tour Builder Kit, the customer must complete the following steps to qualify for a refund.The customer must contact RTV within 30 days of the date of purchase of their Virtual Tour Builder Kit. The RTV Builder Kit MUST be postmarked for shipment back to RTV within 5 business days of initiating return with RTV or delivery will be refused. Contact RTV, Inc. at: (866) 947-8687 Ext 1Ship the returned items to the following address: RTV, Inc. 400 E Eighth Street, Suite 2 Traverse City, MI 49686****Note: The cost of shipping is the responsibility of the customer.Items received back to RTV must be in original / new condition.Once the returned items have been received by RTV and have been inspected for any damage, RTV will issue a refund.  Any unused tour credits purchased with the kit and any applicable taxes paid will be provided with a 100% refund. Original shipping charges are not refundable. Marketing membership fees will not be refundable if the customer has downloaded any paid marketing materials or streamed any paid webinars.RTV will issue a credit to the credit/debit card used for the original purchase upon receipt of the returned shipment. A refund check will be issued for all other purchases completed through checks or money orders. Tour Credit Policy Updated: 9/27/2017These terms and conditions apply to anyone who purchases RTV Virtual Tour Credits. RTV reserves the right to update this policy with its terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. Payment of all fees discussed below must be made in accordance with the Payment Policy.What is a Virtual Tour Credit?A virtual tour credit is paid for in advance by the customer and is used to create a virtual tour.  A virtual tour credit provides for the hosting and serving of one virtual tour production. A virtual tour production may contain several scenes. With RTV’s powerful mixed-media player a scene can be a full 360° spherical panorama, a full 360° cylindrical panorama, a cylindrical partial panorama, a vertical panorama, a still image, or a full motion video clip.  Scenes are used within a virtual tour production to represent a particular space, room, location or provide an overview of a location. Through the purchase of a virtual tour credit, RTV will provide customer support for the customer provided that the customer has completed the RTV Training, is in good standing with RTV, and is publishing an average of ten virtual tours a year. Customers that fall short of any of the above requirements may be asked to purchase a $99 setup and support pack. Please purchase Your support pack here. RTV support includes email and phone support (Monday through Friday 8AM – 6PM Eastern), web access to RTV Learning Center and access to free webinars. How are Virtual Tour Credits Used?Upon purchase, virtual tour credits are automatically added to the customer’s account. Each time a new virtual tour is created and marked “Complete” by the customer the Fusion virtual tour system deducts a minimum of one (1) virtual tour credit from the customer’s account. Additional tour credits may be deducted if the virtual tour contains more than 100 scenes. 1 virtual tour credit may contain up to 100 scenes (images of any type) and up to 5 minutes of full motion video.For virtual tours with:1 to 100 scenes1 Tour Credit101 to 200 scenes2 Tour CreditsDetermining Virtual Tour Type –  Prior to creating a tour on the Real Tour Vision virtual tour software system, the customer must choose between two virtual tour types, Real Estate and Non-Real Estate.  RTV has no way of ensuring that our users are choosing the correct tour type other than manually auditing each account.  Accounts will not be audited unless given a reason for an audit.  We expect honesty and integrity from our user base when making this selection to help us continue operating a sustainable business model and build a system for tomorrow.Real Estate Virtual Tours – Tours uploaded under this category must be properties or items that are FOR SALE and that once sold will no longer be needed. Real Estate type virtual tours will be hosted as long as the for sale item or property is still needed. This need is determined by the customer. Virtual tours uploaded under this category will never expire. It is the responsibility of the virtual tour provider to remove old and unnecessary sold real estate virtual tours from the virtual tour system, video portals and any other third party syndication sites where virtual tours may be present.HD Images Associated with Real Estate Type Virtual Tours – Original uploaded high-resolution tour images associated with real estate virtual tours will remain on RTV’s servers for a period of one year from the date the tour was published to allow tour providers and their clients to retrieve them as needed. After one year these high-resolution images will be deleted from RTV’s servers. When high-resolution images are removed, the associated real estate virtual tour will continue operating as usual and will be hosted and served by RTV servers as long as it is still needed. Compressed and optimized versions of the still images will be available to download after the high-resolution images have been removed from RTV’s servers. These images are available for download until the tour has been deleted. Panoramic images will not be accessible for download after one year from the tour publish date.Non-Real Estate Virtual Tours – Tours uploaded under this category should be of any places, properties, businesses, locations that are not for sale.  This includes, but is not limited to, golf courses, hospitals, hotels, restaurants, income properties, vacation rentals, bed and breakfasts and other “business” type virtual tours.  Tours that fall under this category have a much longer “Shelf Life” and are typically used for many years to help promote or market a particular entity or place of business.   Non-Real Estate virtual tours will be hosted for a period of one year from the publish date. Virtual tour providers will be reminded of tour expiration from within the Tour Management System reminder dashboard at least 30 (thirty) days prior to virtual tour expiration. Virtual tour providers using the FUSION virtual tour platform have the option through the Tour Management System located at https://manage.realtourvision.com to extend the virtual tour hosting for additional years. Each additional year of hosting will cost the virtual tour provider one virtual tour credit. HD Images Associated with Non-Real Estate Type Virtual Tours – Original uploaded high-resolution tour images associated with NON-Real Estate virtual tours will remain on RTV’s servers for a period of one year from the date the tour was published to allow tour providers and their clients to retrieve them as needed. After one year these high-resolution images will be deleted from RTV’s servers. When high-resolution images are removed, the associated NON-Real estate virtual tour will continue operating as usual as long as the tour has not expired. Compressed and optimized versions of the still images will be available to download after the high-resolution images have been removed from RTV’s servers. These images are available for download until the tour has been deleted. Panoramic images will not be accessible for download after one year from the tour publish date.Please note that using owner type tours for your business productions is 100% on the honor system.  RTV is committed to establishing a long-term sustainable system that can be counted on for years to come and that is not dependent on an ever-increasing number of tours being purchased in the front end to pay for the tours that were created years ago still demanding bandwidth. RTV spends hundreds of thousands of dollars annually to ensure that you have the very best virtual tour system available in the industry.  Your renewal of each business tour is your small contribution to this cause and ensures the success of our mission. Business tours are a wonderful way for you to make residual income.  If you’re having trouble selling the concept please contact your RTV sales representative for suggestions. Thank you for your support.At the time of initial purchase of a Virtual Tour Kit, a new virtual tour provider will also buy tour credits to load into the virtual tour provider’s account in the Tour Management System. As the virtual tour provider builds virtual tours, tour credits are deducted from the account. At the point where all tours have been used, the virtual tour provider may re-order tour credits for their account.Purchased tour credits will only be deposited into the account of the virtual tour provider who purchases the virtual tours. Virtual tour providers may not combine resources to make a single purchase then seek to distribute purchased tours across multiple virtual tour provider accounts.Re-Ordering Tour CreditsVirtual tour providers may re-order tours in one of several tour package options from within the tour management system. No Transfer of Tour Credits Between Virtual Tour ProvidersTour credits cannot be transferred or sold from one virtual tour builder account to another. This includes cases where a virtual tour provider is selling their business to another virtual tour provider or individual. Virtual tour provider may sell all other business assets – but not tour credits. As long as a virtual tour provider is in good standing with RTV, the virtual tour credits will never expire from virtual tour provider’s account unless you request that we dissolve your account, at which time virtual tours credits will be dissolved along with your account.Forfeiture of Tour CreditsShould a virtual tour provider default under any policy, under any term or condition set forth therein, terminate their relationship with RTV by discontinuing use of RTV products, or should RTV otherwise terminate its relationship with a virtual tour provider, any and all unused tour credits may be forfeited. The virtual tour provider shall have no right to a refund and hereby waives and releases RTV from any and all liability relative thereto, as well as agrees to indemnify and hold harmless RTV from any claims made by any third party, including but not limited to a party who has received tour credits through an unauthorized transfer from the virtual tour provider.Tour Shredder, Abandoned Accounts & Distressed Accounts Updated: 11/18/2017Tour ShredderRTV has created a first class virtual tour solution that requires lots of programming and maintenance to keep it (and YOU) ahead of the competition. This means it’s vital that we keep our hosting costs as low as possible so the most resources can be allocated towards programming for a better tomorrow.  You can help us with this mission and receive free tour credits as a reward for doing so. RTV’s Tour Shredder allows you to easily locate virtual tours within your account that are no longer needed. We suggest virtual tours for shredding based on hits / traffic and the status of the virtual tour. Virtual tours that have not received any traffic in over one year, as well as those that have been marked as SOLD in the account, will be flagged for shredding. We will never recommend owner type (business tours that are not “For Sale”) as a possible tour for shredding as you are already paying an annual hosting fee to keep your owner type tours hosted on the system.You will receive one virtual tour credit for every fifty virtual tours that you shred. The system will keep track of how many virtual tours you’ve removed from the system and we make it very easy for you to remove dozens, or even hundreds of tours at a time. Free virtual tour credits earned from the Tour Shredder will never expire and may be used just like regular virtual tour credits. As your technology partner, RTV will count on you to shred unnecessary tours from your account on a regular basis. Each month RTV will send you an email reminder if the shredder identifies any new tours in your account that fit the criteria for being ready for the shredder. You should take that opportunity to login to your account and clear out old and unnecessary tours. Individuals that choose not to shred and remove unnecessary tours from their accounts could be at risk of having their account flagged as an “Abandoned” or a “Distressed” account.  Distressed AccountsRTV considers an account to be “Distressed” when a user fails to remove old, sold, inactive and unnecessary tours from our servers. Unnecessary tours build up to a point where that account becomes inefficient to host. When this occurs, RTV will contact the account holder both by phone and via email to encourage the removal of unnecessary tours. Owners of distressed accounts will be given up to four weeks to use the Tour Shredder and delete the majority of the unnecessary tours from the account. We understand and allow for users to keep a few dozen tours active after properties have sold to use as gallery tours and website demonstration tours. If the owner of the distressed account does not take action, RTV will purge the unnecessary tours for the user. Unnecessary tours include virtual tours that have not received traffic in over one year, virtual tours that have been marked as SOLD in the virtual tour system and any “Owner” type (such as golf courses, hospitals, hotels, restaurants, income properties, vacation rentals, bed and breakfasts or other owner / business) virtual tours that were erroneously created as real estate virtual tours and are older than one year. If no action is taken by the user to remove unnecessary tours, RTV will purge unnecessary tours from distressed accounts and this will be a part of RTV’s cleanup routine. Tours that are deleted and removed from distressed accounts will not be counted towards receiving free virtual tour credits as they do when active users voluntarily clear out unnecessary tours by using the Tour Shredder.In the rare event that RTV discovers a Distressed Account containing Owner” type (such as golf courses, hospitals, hotels, restaurants, income properties, vacation rentals, bed and breakfasts or other owner / business) virtual tours that were erroneously created as real estate virtual tours but are in use, active and consuming bandwidth, RTV reserves the right to convert the account from a tour credit based account to a monthly subscription based account. The monthly or annual subscription fee will be determined by the total number of tours both active and inactive within the users Distressed Account. The user of the Distressed Account will receive notification of the change from a credit based account to a subscription-based account via email and phone before the change.Abandoned AccountsAn RTV account is considered “Abandoned” when the user has either not logged into, or has not created a virtual tour in that account for a period of longer than six months. When this occurs RTV reserves the right to purge unnecessary tours from these abandoned accounts. Unnecessary tours include virtual tours that have not received traffic in over one year, virtual tours that have been marked as SOLD in the virtual tour system and any “Owner” type (such as golf courses, hospitals, hotels, restaurants, income properties, vacation rentals, bed and breakfasts or other owner / business) virtual tours that were erroneously created as real estate virtual tours and are older than one year. No notification will be given prior to purging unnecessary tours from abandoned accounts and this will be a part of RTV’s cleanup routine. Tours that are deleted and removed from abandoned accounts will not be counted towards receiving free virtual tour credits as they do when users voluntarily clear out unnecessary tours by using the Tour Shredder.In the rare event that RTV discovers an Abandoned Account containing Owner” type (such as golf courses, hospitals, hotels, restaurants, income properties, vacation rentals, bed and breakfasts or other owner / business) virtual tours that were erroneously created as real estate virtual tours but are still in use, active and consuming bandwidth, RTV reserves the right to convert the account from a tour credit based account to a monthly subscription based account. The monthly or annual subscription fee will be determined by the total number of tours both active and inactive within the users Abandoned Account. The user of the Abandoned Account will receive notification of the change from a credit based account to a subscription-based account via email and phone before the change.Real Tour Vision Reseller PolicyUpdated: 2/28/2013Before RTV can issue any form of payment or tour credits to you for reselling / referring others to RTV you MUST sign and agree to the RTV reseller agreement. To acquire a copy of the reseller agreement please send an email to contracts(at)realtourvision.com with Reseller Agreement in the subject line. Before you start reselling we recommend that you watch our reselling video located here https://youtu.be/ZpzjP1ZgF0A Once you are setup as a reseller you may use your custom reseller link and start making money by reselling Real Tour Vision virtual tour systems. Terms & Conditions of Reselling – Real Tour Vision agrees to pay Reseller a commission on Gross Sales and in accordance with the reseller Agreement. Real Tour Vision will provide Reseller copies of invoices on all sales made by Reseller from within the Fusion TMS. Real Tour Vision will calculate commissions in Fusion TMS system. Once sales commissions reach a total of $500 or more, Reseller is able to make withdrawals in Five Hundred and NO/100 ($500) Dollar increments via check. A check will be issued to Reseller on the 5th day of the subsequent month. Any sales commissions that remain after the last available $500 increment has been withdrawn shall remain with Real Tour Vision and not be available for withdrawal until there is at least another Five Hundred and NO/100 ($500) Dollars in sales commissions available or be traded for virtual tour credits as described below. At any time before the total amount of sales commissions available reaches at least $500, Reseller is able to trade in monies owed to them (i.e. earned sales commissions) for virtual tour credits, which shall be rounded to the nearest Ten and NO/100 ($10) Dollars. Additionally, should Reseller never reach Five Hundred and NO/100 ($500) Dollars in sales commission and they fail to create at least fifty (50) virtual tours for any given year, or reseller begins promoting competing technology to Real Tour Vision, any sales commissions held by Real Tour Vision for Reseller shall be forfeited to Real Tour Vision, without warning or notice to Reseller. Additionally, should Reseller fail to create fifty (50) virtual tours per year, or reseller begins promoting competing technology to Real Tour Vision he/she shall forfeit all TRAIL commissions (as further described in reseller agreement under Schedule B) also without warning or notice, and Real Tour Vision shall automatically and immediately be relieved from paying such commissions, which shall become the sole property of the Real Tour Vision.Payment PolicyUpdated: 2/12/2008All items must be paid in full at the time of purchase. This policy may be modified where a written contract is in place specifying different invoicing and payment arrangements. RTV accepts credit/debit cards (VISA, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover), money orders, and personal checks from United States banking institutions for payment. Company also accepts eCheck transactions (check by phone).Personal checks for international purchases will not be accepted. Bank wire transfers are available for transactions. Bank wire transfer fees will apply. Please ask your sales representative for banking details to complete the wire transfer.Specific purchases or fees that will be paid in full at the time of purchase or in advance of service:Virtual Tour Builder Kits and componentsTour CreditsTrainingSingle Property WebsitesAstroZoom3D VR Headset ToursPicturePath Fees (Realtor.com)RockPointeMarketing FeesMacro-SEO SitesYouTube Video RipsRecurring charges—such as Inner Circle Marketing Membership renewal fees and website hosting fees will be charged in advance of service each month or applicable renewal date against a provider’s credit/debit card.Tour Track Payment PolicyUpdated: 1/1/2012Payment Frequency PolicyPayments made for Tour Track job will be sent out approximately 30-35 days after the job has been marked complete in the Tour Track System. RTV will cut checks each week assuring that you will receive your payment in a timely manner. Because of processing and mailing time it is possible you may not receive your check for up to 45 days so please wait until then before inquiring as to where your payment is.For example: Tour Track virtual tour marked complete on 1/3/12 Due in 30 days = 2/2/12 We will pay every job due within that week – Sunday Jan 29th through Saturday Feb 4th on Friday, Feb 3rd.Direct Deposit is now available for faster payment.  Please inquire at rtvadmin(at)realtourvision.comUnclaimed Check PolicyThe unclaimed check procedure is established to provide the proper mechanism to take possession of long standing unclaimed checks in accordance with government statutes and to ensure the propriety of the related accounting transactions.In the event that a Tour Track payment check is returned to RTV, Inc we will make another attempt to contact the 1099 employee using all phone numbers found within the RTV Customer Database and Tour Management System. If, after an additional 30 days, the check cannot be delivered, RTV maintains the right to temporally turn off TMS to initiate a phone call from 1099 employee (RTV provider) to RTV. During this period the TMS will be off however all virtual tours will remain live. If account remains off for an additional 150 days RTV will reactivate TMS account and deposit payment in the form of virtual tour credits into the account at a rate of $20.00 / Tour Credit. Account will remain live and virtual tour credits never expire.In the event that a Tour Track payment check is unclaimed longer than a period of 180 days, monies will be deposited into the RTV TMS account in the form of virtual tour credits at a rate of $20.00 / Tour Credit. Account will remain live and virtual tour credits never expire.Limited Lifetime Warranty - RTV Rotator XSUpdated: 3/20/17All RTV Rotators come with a limited lifetime warranty that covers material defects, and normal wear and tear of the rotator. This warranty does not cover excessive damage or theft. The warranty is rendered void when attempts are made to partially or fully disassemble the unit. This warranty also rendered void upon resale of the rotator as well as when the original purchaser’s virtual tour hosting account is classified as “Abandoned” by RTV. (See Abandoned Accounts in RTV’s Policies Section)To have warranty work performed on your rotator, you must first contact RTV Technical Support at 866-906-8687. When your rotator is received, it will be analyzed by our team, and you will receive notification as to whether or not your rotator is still under warranty. This should be the case so long as it has not been tampered with, disassembled, excessively damaged, or sold to you by anyone other than RTV. If RTV deems that your rotator is void of warranty, you will receive a quote for the estimated costs of repair. If you do not wish to have the repair work done to your rotator, it will be your responsibility to pay to have the rotator shipped back to you.Your rotator will fall under this limited lifetime warranty as long as it has not been tampered with, disassembled, excessively damaged, or sold to you by anyone other than RTV. In this case, RTV will repair your rotator and ship it back to you at no cost. It is your responsibility to pay for the shipping of the rotator to RTV.RTV always welcomes the repair of rotators that do not fall under the limited lifetime warranty for a fee. Please contact the RTV Technical Support team to get things started.Copyright PolicyUpdated: 2/12/2008RTV providers building virtual tours may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce, in any form or fashion, any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other reserved proprietary information owned or belonging to anyone other than provider or the provider’s customer without obtaining prior written consent from that individual or company. In the event RTV or any of its agents, representatives, successors and/or assigns discovers (by any means available) that a RTV provider is displaying any copyrighted material, trademarks, or proprietary information owned or belonging to anyone else other than the provider or the provider’s customer on a virtual tour, RTV will disable the virtual tour and prevent any further distribution of same.All articles, photos, and videos, given to RTV for publication and display in the RTV blog by the customer, author, artist, or virtual tour provider as well as any copyrights associated therewith shall be considered “work product” produced for hire by RTV and that any such work product shall be the sole property of RTV. Customer, author, artist or virtual tour provider understands that the article might be altered, edited, or changed to best fit the subject matter in relation to the virtual tour industry. See Blog Policy for blog compensation details. In the event of such action, RTV, its agents, representatives, successors and/or assigns will not be obligated to refund any fees or costs previously paid in association with your virtual tour. Furthermore, by purchasing a virtual tour, provider agrees to hold RTV, Inc (Real Tour Vision), its agents, representatives, successors, and assigns harmless from any liability arising out of provider’s unauthorized use of any copyrighted material, trademarks, and/or other reserved proprietary information owned or belonging to anyone else other than the provider or the provider’s customer, including actual attorney fees incurred in defending any such action.Blog Submission & Payment PolicyUpdated: 2/12/2008Submit your articles and stories to the RTV Blog and move up in Google, Yahoo, MSN and other search engines quicker than ever before!  Whether we like it or not, it’s all about back links, and getting a back link from the world’s most powerful and relevant virtual tour blog is good for you.If you’ve been with us for awhile you’ve most likely already sent in a story or two for our virtual tour provider blog located at http://www.VirtualTourProvider.com.  You know that we send your story off to our marketing team and publish it using your geographical keywords to link back to you.  If you’re new to RTV please take a moment to become familiar with our Virtual Tour Company Blog by clicking the link above. Feel free to click around and make new connections with the people that you see posting. How can you get tour credits for blogging?New Comers: For those of you that are brand new to RTV, we give you one virtual tour credit for your very first blog submission. This helps break the ice and gets you started. Simply write your story down and email it to info@realtourvision.com. Your blog should be at least 250 words long, spell-checked, and you should use your geographical keywords (Traverse City virtual tours, Miami Virtual Tours) throughout your article. Keep your blog article relevant to the virtual tour industry by writing about how you got started, something that happened on a recent photo shoot, a new service that you’re announcing.  Anything that’s relevant to our business is perfect.  We’ll take your story and post it in the order in which you submit, link back to your website, and credit your account one virtual tour credit.  If you have any images that you would like included in your blog please attach them to the email along with your submission. Experienced RTV Providers: Been around here for awhile?  With the Fusion virtual tour software system alive and running, there will be so much to talk about moving forward. We’ll be giving you one free virtual tour credit for every two blogs that you submit to us.  Send us your press releases, any blogs that you do on your own, your launch stories, and of course we love to hear how our new virtual tour system is knocking the socks off of your customers and winning you more business.  Submit your blog to info(at)realtourvision.com and be sure to include your geographical keywords in your submission. Attach any photos that you would like to have included with your blog.Remember everyone, the RTV Blog is a great place for the public to see your capabilities, special skills, technology, and hear about your success stories. With so many exciting stories and industry related news coming from all corners of the globe the RTV Blog remains a great place for our providers to shout out to the world and build very powerful links back to their websites. Happy Blogging everyone! If you would like to connect the blog to your website please add in the following to your source code:Option A Visit the Industry’s Finest Virtual Tour Company BlogOption B Visit our Virtual Tour BlogOption C Option D (Image Link) Branding on Multiple Listing Service (MLS) Tours PolicyUpdated: 2/12/2008A Multiple Listing Service (MLS) is a group of private databases which allows real estate brokers representing sellers under a listing contract to widely share information about properties with real estate brokers who may represent potential buyers or wish to cooperate with a seller’s broker in finding a buyer for the property. There is no single authoritative “MLS”, and no universal data format. The many local and private databases–some of which are controlled by single associations of realtors or groupings of associations (which represent all brokers within a given community or geographical area) or by real estate brokers–are collectively referred to as the MLS because of their reciprocal access agreements.The local MLS in a given region promulgates the rules and regulations applicable to internet listing of properties within that area. These rules typically cover what can be included on a virtual tour submitted to the MLS.The continued growth in online house hunting among buyers has resulted in the need for the real estate industry to establish regulations specifically related to the display of MLS properties on real estate related websites. These regulations are known as Internet Data Exchange (IDX), and are also called broker reciprocity by which brokers mutually agree to allow the display of their listings on each other’s websites. This is made possible by guidelines and regulations which are enforced by the local MLS, and they do have an impact on virtual tours.While branded virtual tours of real estate properties are permitted on all public websites (i.e. real estate agent or brokerage websites), virtual tours submitted to the MLS for sharing by IDX participants typically must exclude branded information. Examples of branded tours are tours that include visual, verbal, or written information, in an image, such as “for sale” signs, email addresses, websites, office-mobile-fax numbers, company affiliations, primary or ancillary advertisements, logos, agent or team names, or any other identifiable codes or symbols.RTV’s Tour Management System automatically generates a series of links for each virtual tour that is uploaded to the system that are generally IDX-compliant. These links can be found by clicking under “Deliverables” of a specific tour in the Tour Management System. However, there are varying degrees of brand restriction associated with each of the IDX linking options. Check with your local MLS to find out which linking option will meet their requirements. Failure to do so may result in removal of the virtual tour from the listing by the MLS and possible fines.It is the responsibility of each virtual tour builder (RTV provider) to become aware of the branding restrictions set forth by their local MLS before submitting virtual tours for placement on a website. RTV is not liable for any fines imposed by an MLS to a listing agent or virtual tour builder for violation of MLS branding regulations.Virtual Tour Business Leads – Company GuidelinesUpdated: 2/12/2008Virtual tour business leads that are generated by RTV are distributed or dispatched out to Full Service providers in good standing with the Company. In dispatching business leads to RTV Full Service providers, the Company will use the guidelines listed below. RTV reserves the right to update these guidelines at any time without prior notice.Dispatching GuidelinesThrough its website and other marketing efforts, as well as through the acquisition and implementation of service agreements with international, national, and regional accounts, RTV collects business leads through a combination of website, email, or phone inquiries from businesses, real estate agents, and other individuals that are interested in virtual tour building services.Upon gathering information from these business leads, RTV seeks to quickly and efficiently dispatch these business leads to the Full Service providers (FSD) based on the proximity of the FSD to the location of the service request.As a matter of policy, RTV attempts to determine the source of the virtual tour lead. If for example, the lead comes from a real estate office that has been using a certain Full Service provider (FSD) for virtual tour services, RTV will attempt to steer this lead back to this same (FSD). However, the source of the lead is not always readily apparent. When faced with the option of multiple FSDs in a geographic area, RTV seeks to ensure that each provider in the area gets a share of the available leads. If a FSD relocates from one Designated Market Area (DMA) to another, preexisting FSDs will be given priority of leads and order dispatches over relocated FSDs.RTV reserves the right to distribute leads and order dispatches to FSDs at its own discretion. RTV makes no guarantees as to the frequency of dispatches to any FSD, regardless of any prior dealings between the company and the FSD. RTV may discontinue the use of any FSD at any time.Training Credit PolicyLast Update: 2/12/2008These terms and conditions apply to any party who purchases a Virtual Tour Builder Kit from RTV. Payment of all fees discussed below must be made in accordance with the Payment Policy. RTV reserves the right to update this policy at any time without prior notice.TrainingAll RTV Builder Kits come with one training session credit. The training session credit provides the purchaser with comprehensive information concerning the RTV hardware, software, and Tour Management System. Training is required to receive free technical support from RTV. Each training session credit must be used within 6 months from the time the account is activated or the training credit will expire. The cost of a training session following the expiration of the training credit is $99.00. If a customer wishes to purchase an additional training session or to purchase a training session after the expiration of their training credit, the cost of the session must be paid for in full in accordance with the Billing Policy.  Please Click Here To Purchase Photography Training CreditsContact info(at)realtourvision.com for more information and to check on availability.Remote Host Tour PoliciesUpdated: 11/14/20121. Remote Host Tour OverviewRTV offers two methods for hosting virtual tours built by RTV virtual tour providers. In most cases, the virtual tour provider will create the virtual tour and then upload the completed tour through the Tour Management System to servers maintained by RTV. These completed tours are assigned a URL (Uniform Resource Locator) which when typed into a web browser, will locate and open the tour on the RTV servers. These virtual tour URLS can be private labeled to match the domain name of the virtual tour provider.The second method gives the option for the virtual tour provider to host their virtual tour on a server of their choosing (Remote Host Tour). Once the virtual tour provider has created and successfully uploaded the tour to the RTV servers through the Tour Management System, the virtual tour provider has the option to request a Remote Hosted Tour.Once a Remote Host Tour has been requested through the Tour Management System, it can be instantly downloaded and saved on a hard drive. These remote host files will allow the virtual tour provider or thier customer to host a virtual tour with limited features on a server of their choice. In most cases the client will need to own the server and have physical access to it.2. Remote Host Technical Support PolicyNo technical support is available for remotely hosted virtual tours.3. FeesIf a virtual tour provider chooses the Remote Host method, an additional tour credit will be deducted from the virtual tour providers account. This debit is incurred each time the Remote Host file is ordered. If the client makes changes that necessitate a re-order please keep in mind there will be an additional charge. It is a good idea to have the client preview the online tour before ordering the Remote Host tour. Fees incurred by remotely hosting a virtual tour are non refundable.Acquiring a Builder Kit from Another provider – Fees and PoliciesUpdated: 2/12/2008These terms and conditions apply to any party who obtains a RTV Builder Kit by means of acquiring the hardware and software from an existing RTV provider. Payment of all fees discussed below must be made in accordance with the Payment Policy.1. Camera Setup FeeA camera setup fee of $99 shall be charged to any individual who does not purchase their kit directly from RTV. The camera setup charge shall be a one-time fee that entitles the tour builder to unlimited camera setup sessions.2. Account Setup FeeAn account setup fee of $25 shall be charged to any individual who does not purchase their kit directly from RTV. The account setup charge shall be a one- time fee that entitles the tour builder to access to a RTV Tour Management Account.3. Training FeeAll RTV Builder Kits come with one training session credit. A fee of $99 for a training session credit shall be charged to any individual who does not purchase their kit directly from RTV. The purchase of the training session credit provides the purchaser with comprehensive information concerning the RTV hardware, software, and Tour Management System. Training is required to receive free technical support from RTV. Each training session credit must be used within 6 months from the time the account is activated or the training credit will expire.4. Tour CreditsVirtual tour credits do not transfer from one builder account to another and may not be resold. This includes cases where a provider is selling their business to another provider or individual. Tour credits may only be purchased directly from RTV.5. Hardware WarrantyThe resale of the RTV Builder Kit voids all hardware warranties including the Lifetime warranty on the RTV Rotator. Extended warranty for the RTV Rotator may be purchased for a fee of $99.00.Privacy PolicyUpdated: 2/12/2008RTV, Inc, is a Michigan corporation with its principal office at 400 E Eighth Street, Suite 2, Traverse City, MI 49686 (d.b.a. RTV) and hereinafter referred to as “RTV”, or “Company”.This privacy statement covers the Web site www.realtourvision.com. Because RTV wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, we have provided the below listed information and privacy practices for your review. Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.What Information Do We Collect?When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.1. Personal Information You Choose to ProvideRegistration Information/Purchase InformationYou will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you (1) place an order for one our products or services; or (2) register to be a member of RTV provider Network, register for certain services, or register for email newsletters and alerts, or purchase items through our site. This data collection can include such personally identifiable information as name, company name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card information. You may also provide additional comments on how you see RTV servicing your needs and interests.Email Information.If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.2. Web Site Use InformationSimilar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. We, our advertisers and ad serving companies may also use small technology or pieces of code to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them. Personally identifiable information is not stored in these logs. We log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate, usage and volume statistic to help us better understand the needs of our visitors.How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You have the opportunity to opt in, or opt out of these specific types of communications in Tour Management System. You have the opportunity to opt out any time you receive an email from us by using the link provided at the bottom of the email communication. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at support@realtourvision.com.Communications from our Site/Choice-Opt OutIf you register on our site or purchase any products from the site you can expect to receive a welcome email and /or an order confirmation email. If you have registered with our site, you will also receive any of the communications (newsletters, updates, product information, alerts) that the Company sends to its provider network. At any time you wish to change your preferences for receiving communications from our site, please edit your records in the Tour Management System or contact Customer Support.BlogsIf you use our blogs, your should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there, name/Web site, can be read, collected, or used by other users in this forum. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in the blogs.Sharing Information with Third PartiesWe may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain information to third parties if we have determined that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party. For example, some of our partners operate stores or provide services on our site, while others power offerings developed by us for your use. We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.Notice of New Services and ChangesOccasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending us an email request at support@realtourvision.com.Email-A-Friend/TourIf you choose to use the Email a Friend or Email a Tour referral service to tell a friend about information you’ve seen on our site, we will ask you for your friend’s email address and any comment you wish to make to your friend. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email forwarding the requested tour or information. We do not store this information and it is used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.3. How Do We Protect Your Information?How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. Some of the information you may enter on our Web site may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP.How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by accessing your account details in the Tour Management SystemCertain DisclosuresWe may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or affiliated parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property, our site, the users of our site, and/or our affiliated parties; (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of our site, us, or third parties.What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.Your ConsentBy using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.SPAM PolicyUpdated: 02/19/2008RTV has a no tolerance spam policy. RTV’s technicians actively monitor emails going to a large number of contacts. Any customer found to be using RTV for spam will be immediately cut-off from use of the email account product. If you know of or suspect any violators, please notify us immediately.What is Spam?Spam is unsolicited email also known as UCE (Unsolicited Commercial Email). By sending email to only to those who have requested to receive it, you are following accepted permission-based email guidelines.What constitutes a Preexisting business relationship?The recipient of your email has made a purchase, requested information, responded to a questionnaire or a survey, or had offline contact with you.What constitutes consent?The recipient of your email has been clearly and fully notified of the collection and use of his email address and has consented prior to such collection and use. This is often called informed consent.Isn’t there a law against sending Spam?The federal anti-spam law went into effect on January 1st, 2004 and preempts all state laws. While this new law will not stop spam, it does make most spam illegal and ultimately less attractive to spammers. The law is specific about requirements to send commercial email and empowers the federal government to enforce the law. The penalties can include a fine and/or imprisonment for up to 5 years.How to protect yourself from Spam: Take the Spam TestAre you sending to non-specific addresses such as: sales@domain.com, business@domain.com, webmaster@domain.com, info@domain.com, or other general addresses.Are you sending to distribution lists or mailing lists which send indirectly to a variety of email addresses?Have you falsified your originating address or transmission path information?Have you used a third party email address or domain name without their permission?Does your email’s subject line contain false or misleading information?Does your email fail to provide a working link to unsubscribe?Are you failing to process any unsubscribe requests that come to you via a reply to your email within 10 days or the request?If you have answered YES to ANY of the above questions you will likely be labeled a SPAMMER. For more information visit The Coalition Against Unsolicited Email or contact RTV Customer Support.Additional Services PolicyUpdated: 09/11/2012  Additional services through RTV include the following services:Single Property Websites (One Time Fee) IHD Subscription Services (Auto Renewing Subscription)AstroZoom (One Time Fee)RoboTour (One Time Fee)AudioPal (Auto Renewing Subscription)Users of RTV may purchase additional services directly from RTV at any time.  Additional Services listed above that are “One Time Fee” based are non-refundable.  Additional Services listed above that are “Auto Renewing Subscription” based are non-refundable. It is solely up to the individual user to cancel and or reinstate Auto Renewing Subscription based services. Auto Renewing Subscription based services MUST be canceled by user before membership automatically renews.Additional RTV Accounting ServicesIn the event that a customer might need additional accounting services from Real Tour Vision’s accounting team such as account reconciliations, sales receipts, end of year reports, payment received reports or other. Each request will be billed to the customer at a rate of $35 per report. Please use the following link to purchase additional accounting services from RTV, Inc. Thank you for your support!Click here to purchase this serviceYouTube/Google Terms and ConditionsBy Using These Services in our system, you agree to the YouTube & Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Click below to read more.YouTube Terms of ServiceGoogle Privacy Policy