http://www.sitespider.co.uk/privacy.php
Low Graphics
Accessibility Policy
Username :
Password :
Forgotten Password
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we [SiteSpider.co.uk] use any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 21st May 2007.
What we collect
We collect the following information:
Your name
Contact information including email address
Login times and IP addresses
Information entered into our system as a result of services hosted or managed by us
We log http requests to our server. This means that we know the originating IP address of a user agent requesting a URL. We also know the Referer and User-Agent information accompanied with an HTTP request. We do not log the specific identity of visitors. We occasionally analyze the log files to determine which files are most requested and the previous site or user agent which prompted the request. Our logging is passive; we do not use technologies such as cookies to maintain any information on users.
Cookies
A cookie will be placed on your computer once you login to our site as part of our user authentication process, this cookie is essential to the operation of the site and will be deleted when you logout. Another cookie may be placed on your computer to remember non-default site display or behaviour selection, such as a non-default page template. This cookie is not essential, the use of non essential cookies is DISABLED on this computer. We do not use cookies to track your activity on this site. No cookies used on this site contain any personal information. Enable the use of non essential cookies on this computer.
What we do with the information we gather
We use this information for internal record keeping and identifying those authorised to access secure parts of this website. We may also use this information to contact you from time to time.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. However, once you leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact support
SiteSpider Home › Privacy Policy
Home
Service Status
Copyright © 2004 - 2020 SiteSpider.co.uk. All rights reserved.
Sitemap.
Privacy Policy.
Fri, 11 Dec 20 09:01:16 +0000