https://www.midlandcomputers.com/about-us/gdpr-privacy-statement
HomeServices
View ServicesEngineering Business Installation and Migration Business Continuity Home Services Hardware and Software SupportIT Management Onsite/Remote Services Educational IT Solutions Educational Gallery Licensing and Audits Virtualization Hosted and Cloud Solutions Sage Software and Services F-Secure Software and Services Remote Support ToolInternet and Communications Email Rural InternetAbout Us
View About Us Accreditations Want To Work For Us GDPR Privacy Statement News Our Shop Contact Us System Status
GDPR Privacy Statement
Overview
From May 25, 2018.  EU residents will now have greater say over what, how, why, where, and when their personal data is used, Stored, Processed, or disposed. This rule clarifies how the EU personal data laws apply even beyond the borders of the EU.
Commitment
Midland Computers Ltd “Midland” is committed to high standards of information security, privacy and transparency and we place a high priority on protecting and managing data in accordance with accepted standards.
Midland operates as both a data controller and processor in relation to personal data it processes. In doing so Midland complies with all applicable regulations under the GDPR, while also working closely with our customers and partners to meet contractual obligations for our procedures, products and services.
Midland has analysed its business operations to ensure it meets the GDPR requirements and is committed to making changes as required by any future updates to the GDPR policies.
Midland only collects, stores and process personal/business information to a level that is required for the functioning of our contractual obligations with our customers and suppliers and for in-house marketing our products and services.
Where appropriate Midland will only market to consumers who have consented unless we have legitimate interests to do so.
Assessment
Midland has reviewed where and how we collect, use and store both company and personal data and we have updated policies, standards, training and documentation as required
Midland will aim to limit the use and storage of personal data wherever possible.
Contractual commitments
Working in conjunction with our I.T partners, we have worked to review our contractual commitments and have updated these as needed to comply with GDPR requirements
We have also reviewed supplier GDPR compliance.
Employee awareness
Midland employees are committed working within the GDPR policies
Further questions regarding GDPR & data protection can be sent to sales@midlandcomputers.com
Midland Computers Ltd registered in England & Wales no. 3857880
Unit 4, Sovereign Park, Halesfield 24, Telford, TF7 4NZ
VAT Registration no. 742 2845 34
Contact Us
MIDLANDCOMPUTERS
Unit 4, Sovereign Park, Halesfield 24, Telford TF7 4NZ
01952 588688
info@midlandcomputers.com
© Midland Computers
- All rights reserved
Unit 4, Sovereign Park, Halesfield 24, Telford TF7 4NZ
01952 588688
info@midlandcomputers.com
© Midland Computers
- All rights reserved
honeypot@midlandcomputers.com