http://www.mushkin.com/Home/index.php/privacy-policy
HomeProductsCommunityCompanySupport
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
This Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all websites and mobile applications owned and operated by Mushkin Enhanced MFG., its subsidiaries and/or its affiliates ("Mushkin"), including, but not limited to, , http://www.mushkin.com/, http://www.poweredbymushkin.com/ (collectively the "Site").
Our Commitment
Your privacy is important to us. Since our founding in 1984, it has been our unwavering policy to never sell or trade your personal or contact information to marketers. We continue to stand by this policy today.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
BY CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE AND SUBMITTING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE SITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED HEREIN. THIS PRIVACY POLICY INCORPORATES AND IS EXPRESSLY SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Purpose of Privacy Policy
The purpose of the Privacy Policy is to provide clarity, transparency, and accuracy regarding the collection and use of an individual's personal data for which Mushkin may collect and use for processing.
The Way We Use Information
It is Mushkin Enhanced MFG's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our websites, , http://www.mushkin.com/, http://www.poweredbymushkin.com/, and other sites we own and operate.
Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. Especially, as we do use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
·        To present our Site and its contents to you.
·        To provide you with information, services that you request from us. In order to effectively provide customer service to you, it is at times necessary for us to disclose information to our affiliates and other companies that work with us. We do not share your information with outside parties except as provided herein and to the extent necessary to provide you service and maintain our Site.
·        To fulfill any purpose for which you provide information.
·        To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
·        To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
·        To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site.
·        To sponsor you and/or your e-sports team to carry out our obligations arising from any sponsorship agreements entered into between you and us, to notify you about changes to the terms of our sponsorship, or to advertise the fact that you and/or your e-sports team are sponsored by us.
If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (for example, our Sweepstakes entry form), or send us an e-mail stating your request to support@mushkin.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may also send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions..
Finally, we may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to audit, research, and analyze our website services to improve Mushkin's products and services and most importantly user experience.
Browser Information Collected on the Website
Various elements of data sets may be collected to track the usefulness of certain actions and to ultimately improve the value to customers of the Site and Mushkin products. Please note that at no time does Mushkin not gather, request, record, require, collect or track any type of Internet users' Personal Information (as listed above) through these processes.
Site Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the platform for which the Site resides on - commonly known as a "production environment", utilizes a wide-range of software, hardware tools and programs to for the ultimate goal of ensuring its confidentiality, integrity, and availability (CIA) - a concept known as the CIA triad of information security. Tools which are currently in use, or are to be deployed if necessary for the security of the Site are to include, but are not limited to, the following:
·        Network Security and Network Monitoring: Tools that assist in securing the network for which the Site resides on. Such tools include network and perimeter firewalls, web application firewalls, routers, switches, intrusion detection systems, and other related tools.
·        Network Performance: Tools that assist in monitoring all aspects of the Site, such as performance monitoring for website uptime, etc.
·        Other: Additionally, A variety of physical, electronic and procedural safeguards are implemented for helping ensure the safety and security of the Site.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations by local, state, and/or federal agencies, no other attempts are made by Mushkin to identify individual users and/or their usage habits on the Site.
External Links
The Site may contain links to websites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. Mushkin provides these links as a courtesy to our users only. When users click on a link to an external website, they are leaving the Site and are thus subject to the privacy and security policies and the related terms and conditions of these external websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that a website can place on your computer's hard drive in order to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it easier to use certain site functions. The cookie transmits this information back to the website's computer. Many users do not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit websites. If you want to know when this happens, or prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your computer.
As is true of most websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our Site users as a whole. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information on our Cookies policy please visit: http://www.poweredbymushkin.com/Home/index.php/cookie-policy
The Information We Collect
We collect several types of information from and about our customers and users of our Site, including information:
·        by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("Personal Information");
·        that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
·        about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site and usage details.
We collect this information:
·        Directly from you when you provide it to us.
·        Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect may include:
·        Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter services, email registrations, requesting support, submitting a customer support ticket, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Site.
·        Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
·        Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
·        Your search queries on the Site.
·        Information that you provide through phone, mail and fax interactions or paper registrations that you submit to Mushkin via the Site.
Usage Details, IP Addresses, Cookies. As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
·        Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
·        Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data. It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include Cookies and Web Beacons.
When you interact with Mushkin on our Site or otherwise, such as when you call our sales or support staff, you may be required to provide information. For example, we may collect Personal Information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, billing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information; information about the Mushkin products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
This Site is protected behind a highly secure proven firewall and network security system. Doing so helps to protect the confidentiality of your personal data and information while it is transmitted over the Internet. No method of transmission over the Internet, or electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information with commercially acceptable practices, we cannot guarantee absolute security. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Retention of your Personal Information
Our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the information was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. For example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired, or to comply with regulatory requirements regarding the retention of such data. When Personal Information is no longer needed, we either irreversibly anonymize the data (and we may further retain and use the anonymized information) or securely destroy the data.
Newsletters
Mushkin offers a e-mail newsletter that may be subscribed too at no cost. Our newsletter is primarily focused on providing regular updates on special offers and deals as well as information on new and upcoming products. To join click here for more information. You can opt-out of our newsletter at any time via the link provided at the bottom of each newsletter mailing, or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to PR@mushkin.com.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Mushkin NEVER knowingly collects or maintains information at our Site or anywhere on our page from those under the age of 18, and no part of our Site is directed at anyone under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Site. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will use our best efforts to delete the information as soon as possible.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
Mushkin will make good-faith efforts to provide you with reasonable access to your Personal Information for the purpose of correcting this data. To request updates to your information, contact us via email at support@mushkin.com, phone: 1-800-569-1868 (M-F, from 9AM-5:30PM CST), or by writing us at the following address:
Mushkin Enhanced MFG
828 New Meister Lane, Suite 300
Pflugerville, TX 78660
USA
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us at any time.
Information Disclosure
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
·        To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
·        To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
·        To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Mushkin's assets.
·        For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
·        To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
·        To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
·        If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Mushkin, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
The Site includes hypertext links, or pointers, to information created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. As such, Mushkin only provides these links for your information and convenience, thus, when you select a link to an outside website, you are leaving the Site and therefore subject to the privacy and security policies of these external websites. Additionally, please note the following:
·        Mushkin does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information contained on a linked website.
·        Mushkin does not endorse the organizations sponsoring linked websites and we do not endorse the views they express or the products/services they offer.
·        Mushkin therefore cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials contained in linked websites. Users must request such authorization from the sponsor of the linked website.
·        Mushkin is not responsible for transmissions users receive from linked websites.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
You are here:
Home
.
Privacy Policy
Desktop Version