https://www.securedam.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - SecureDAM™
In the course of serving its customers, SecureDAM acquires, stores and transmits customer communications and information that customers may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information – such as the customer’s name, address, telephone number, and credit card data – is provided to SecureDAM by its customers in order to establish service. Other information – such as the customer’s account status, choice of services, and customer logs – is created and maintained by SecureDAM in the normal course of providing service.
This Privacy Policy applies only to SecureDAM’s treatment of data collected online, and does not apply to any offline data collection practices or to the data collection practices of any third parties, SecureDAM customers, or any entities affiliated with SecureDAM. Also, please note that use of SecureDAM’s website constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
SecureDAM’s policies and procedures for handling customer information have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, SecureDAM’s policies and procedures are subject to change. Changes will be posted to the website and users agree to be bound by those changes.
Data Security Email Links Cookies Log Files Links Third-Party Relationships Opt Out & Modifications Notification of Changes Personal Information Disclosure
Data Security
SecureDAM protects the confidentiality of its customers’ information, account information and personal communications. To secure the information collected online, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure only appropriate use of information that is collected from customers, SecureDAM has implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures, for information stored online and offline. Further, SecureDAM requires that employees who have access keep customer information confidential.
When customers submit sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – (Secure Sockets Layer). While on a secure page, such as the SecureDAM Hosting order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when customers are just ‘surfing’.
SecureDAM uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure once received. For example, SecureDAM stores personal information provided by customers on computer systems with limited access, that are located in secured manned facilities. SecureDAM’s employees are trained and kept up-to-date on our security procedures. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to security@securedam.com.
SecureDAM cautions its customers and website visitors that no medium of communication, including the Internet, is entirely secure. Accordingly, SecureDAM cannot be responsible for loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition and use of personal information provided to our website, or for any damages resulting from such loss, corruption, unauthorized acquisition or unauthorized use.
Email Links
SecureDAM uses email links on the customer feedback page to allow customers to contact us directly with any questions or comments that they may have.
SecureDAM reads every message sent in and tries to reply promptly to every one. SecureDAM uses the information customers provide us to respond directly to questions or comments. SecureDAM may also retain customer comments to improve the site and program, or SecureDAM may simply choose review and discard the information.
Cookies
Cookies are a mechanism to remember information about a visitor from one page to another. Web browsers store cookies so that the browser itself can remember some information and then, on request, pass all that information up to the server at one time. SecureDAM use cookies to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart. This allows customers to leave the SecureDAM site, come back later, and still have the contents of their shopping cart intact. It also lets SecureDAM personalize the customer experience, tailoring the content to each customer’s interests. The SecureDAM website requires the use of cookies. Turning off cookies or rejecting the batteries.com cookie will limit a customer’s experience with our website.
Some of our SecureDAM’s business partners use cookies on their websites. SecureDAM has no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by SecureDAM only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties.
Log Files
SecureDAM uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track customer movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. SecureDAM keeps this information for our internal use only and does not share it with third parties.
Links
The SecureDAM web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we SecureDAM is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
Third-Party Relationships
When you purchase from SecureDAM, your credit card information, name, and billing address to credit card companies for verification, and to authorize your purchase. SecureDAM supplies the customer’s name and billing information to its partners (e.g, ScanAlert and GeoTrust) who use this information to deliver your purchase.
SecureDAM do not sell, share, or rent your personal information with other third parties.
SecureDAM may send offers to customers on behalf of third party partners. If a customer wishes to take advantage of the offer, the Customer will provide their information to SecureDAM’s partners directly. SecureDAM will not share customer information with these third party partners. Please review the privacy policies of SecureDAM’s third party partners to determine how they will customer information.
In the case of a business transaction, including but not limited to, a merger or sale of a portion of SecureDAM’s assets, customer information will likely be part of the assets transferred. In this event, SecureDAM will attempt to notify impacted customers that their information has been transferred.
Opt Out & Modifications
Customers may opt out of receiving notices of new or upgraded products from SecureDAM and SecureDAM partners by sending an email to optout@securedam.com. However, customers may not opt out of receiving information from SecureDAM which is essential for maintaining or updating customers’ accounts or system information.
Most customers may access and modify their personal information via their online personal control panel/account information page. All other customers may access and modify their personal information by contacting the appropriate SecureDAM Billing organization.
Customers who need to correct or update their personal information (such as their email address), can do so by logging into their account or by emailing the customer support department at support@securedam.com.
Notification of Changes
In the event of a change in policy, SecureDAM will post a notice of the change on www.securedam.com, so customers are aware of what information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. If at any point SecureDAM decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, SecureDAM will notify customers via email or by posting a prominent notice on www.securedam.com 30 days prior to implementing the change. Customers will have a choice as to whether or not SecureDAM will use their information in this manner.
Personal Information Disclosure
SecureDAM will not otherwise disclose its customers’ personal and account information unless SecureDAM has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of SecureDAM, SecureDAM’s customers, or others, or where SecureDAM has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
SecureDAM also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that SecureDAM stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which SecureDAM will disclose such electronic customer communications are when:
it is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;
it is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of SecureDAM and its customers;
it is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that SecureDAM determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and
it is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by SecureDAM and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
SecureDAM disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. SecureDAM will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm SecureDAM, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which SecureDAM may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of SecureDAM’s Acceptable Use Policy.
Products
SecureDAM™ SMPTE 2059-1 choice of a PTP Grandmaster
IoT for Smart Cities: Network Implementation Strategies
AXIS M3048-P Network Camera
Timing TimeKeeper™ Server & Software GPS
Federal, State and Local Government
Government Service Ransomware
Compliance & Security
AXIS M3058-PLVE Network Camera
What network video solution is best for you
AXIS Q6000-E Mk II PTZ Network Camera
All Rights Reserved.
2013 - 2020 SecureDAM™ LLC and respective owners. All product names, trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. All other trademarks cited herein are the property of their respective owners. Products are NIST 800 171 Compliance Cybersecurity | Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement(DFARS) | IT Security Audit & Assessment | Cybersecurity Maturity Model Compliance | Managed IT & Security Service Providers | Cyber DiligencePrivacy Policy | Terms of Use
| Equal Opportunity Employer Policy | Industry Standard Codes
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled