http://www.infragistics.com/legal/cookie-policy
Your Privacy Matters: We use our own and third-party cookies to improve your experience on our website. By continuing to use the website we understand that you accept their use. Cookie Policy
Close
Infragistics' Cookie Policy
Legal Links
Terms of Use
License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Patents
To enhance your experience on our sites, we use "cookies". Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device to uniquely identify your browser or device and store your preferences.
Cookies allow a site or service to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personal information. It is unique to your computer and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. Cookies help us to be more efficient.
We use cookies to understand site usage, user areas of interest and frequency of visits, and to improve the content and offerings on our sites or to offer you products and services. We also use encrypted cookies to provide you with access to your purchased and trial products and to provide forums and support access. Cookies can also help ensure that the marketing material you see online or receive by email is more relevant to you and your interests.
Please be aware that if you do not configure your browser you will accept cookies provided by this website.
How to Control Cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Contacting Us
Please feel free to contact Infragistics with any questions, comments, or concerns at: Email: privacy@infragistics.com
Phone: 609-448-2000 or 1-800-231-8588 Mail: 2 Commerce Drive, Cranbury, NJ 08512 When writing to us, please be sure to include your exact name, mailing address, telephone number and your specific question, comment or concern.
NEW Infragistics Ultimate 20.1 free for 30 days!
Download Now ×
Back to top of page