https://www.tkg.com/privacy-policy/
Work
Services
Brand Strategy
Web Development
Digital Marketing
Industries
Insights
About
Team
Contact
Home
Work
Services
Industries
Insights
About
Team
Contact
(855) 997–9254
Privacy Policy
1. ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
This Privacy Statement describes the online information collection and use practices of the website TKG.com and such services as available through The Karcher Group, Inc. (collectively “TKG”) and its corporate divisions and business affiliates, as well as what information about you we collect through any TKG Application on third party sites, social network or social media sites operated by Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google, etc. (the “Applications”). This Privacy Statement does not in any way describe TKG’s offline information collection and use practices, or the practices TKG employs when collecting information online through means other than the above listed website or Applications. An example of such additional information collection practices include but are not limited to you as a customer sending TKG an email message. “We” or “us” or “our” or “TKG” or “Karcher Group” refers to TKG.com and its owners and/or affiliates. TKG is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our customers.
2. CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY “COPPA” INFORMATION
The following explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13, and provides important information on your rights under federal law with respect to such information:
We do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13, we will immediately delete such information from our records. If we change our collection practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If at any time we establish or begin providing services on any website that in anyway meets the criteria of COPPA we will ensure that full compliance is met in every aspect of COPPA.
Due to the fact we do NOT collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to any third parties.
We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to become customers, or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information.
Due to the fact we do NOT collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we do NOT condition the participation in any online activities of a child under the age of 13 on providing personally identifiable information. However, even as outlined above we do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to access and use TKG in general.
3. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
TKG its divisions and affiliates are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement is current as of the updated date listed above and sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interacts with our website(s) or other designated services. By accessing TKG sites or services or any affiliates or divisions or using the Applications, you as the end user viewing this information and/or website acknowledge and fully understand TKG’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Statement.
If TKG makes any substantive changes to this Privacy Statement we will announce it on our website and revise the current date listed. If you have provided us with contact information we will send you a notice to the email address we have on file for you. TKG will not be responsible for inaccurate or out dated email addresses when supplying Privacy Statement updates. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy contact us at the address provided below. Once the changes have been made, your continued use and/or access of the website will constitute your acceptance and consent to the information collection and use practices described in the revised Privacy Statement.
4. APPLICATION POLICIES
Your use of social media or social network sites or applications such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google, etc. in general and your relationship with those third party applications are subject to each applications own Privacy Policy and other terms and policies, which we strongly recommend that you review. We do not control and are not responsible for how those third party applications process your information.
APPLICATION INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU & HOW WE USE IT
In order to facilitate the TKG experience, we may collect personal information and content that was provided by you or other users to third party applications or was associated by that third party application with a particular user (“Third Party Information”). When you use TKG, we may collect any Third Party Information you have made visible to others on the third party applications as well as the information any third party application designates as your publicly available information. This includes but is not limited to the following (your):
name
profile picture(s)
gender
current city
networks
friend list
pages
pictures
videos
You may also be asked to grant TKG access to additional Third Party Information that you are allowed to share under certain Application policies. Currently, we ask that you share all information that you are allowed to share under any such Application policies if and when TKG requests access. This information includes:
your contact information, including your email address, phone number and mailing address
items you have “liked”, “tagged”, “love”, “favorite”
your profile information
posts in your newsfeed
photos and videos you have uploaded to the application
your calendar
friend lists
your online presence
your “check-ins” and friends’ “check-ins”
your family members and relationship details and status
information about your friends
Even if you have not explicitly allowed us access to any of your Application Information, we may collect information about you when friends on those Applications allow access to and use TKG, subject to your Application settings. Any such information will be treated in the same manner as Third Party Information.
5. PARTICIPATING ADVERTISER AND MERCHANT POLICIES
TKG.com may contain links to websites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These links are provided as a service to you as a customer of and do not constitute TKG’s endorsement or support of the third party websites or the information or content contained within the third party web sites. Related services and offerings with links from this website, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Unaffiliated third parties who provide information and links through TKG are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for and do not endorse the privacy practices or content of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of any advertisers, merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties. Please contact each third party provider directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies or the information they require for you to complete any transaction.
6. GENERAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
TKG collects certain information from and about its customers, subject to the provisions as outlined in Section 2 above, in the following ways which include but are not limited to: directly from our web server logs and from cookies. TKG.com also collects information volunteered by you in several areas, including sign up pages, checkout pages, site registrations, and surveys. Certain information we request for you to participate in certain features within the website(s) may include but not be limited to personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address, as well as “demographic” information such as your hobbies or personal preferences. We will at all times inform you at the time we collect information whether the information requested is necessary for you to participate in a particular feature on the website(s).
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including but not limited to the following:
To fulfill your service requests
To respond to legal process including a court order or comply with federal, state or local law
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of TKG or its affiliates and business divisions
The information collected may also be used to respond to specific requests by you including sending you periodic information and special offers from TKG or its affiliates and our sponsors and/or advertisers, to provide you with updates on offerings and features, to provide you with product information from manufacturers or affiliates, to provide notice of changes to Terms of Use and Privacy Statement and to provide our sponsors and advertisers with data about our customers. The information provided by you may also be used to better understand customers’ interests and usage behavior, and may be collected and/or combined with information from affiliates of TKG online or offline sources.
a. USE OF COOKIES,WEB SERVER LOGS AND OTHER ELECTRONIC INFORMATION COLLECTION MECHANISMS.
When you visit our Website(s), we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your computer’s Internet protocol address or IP address.
The kind of web browser or computer you use.
Number and type of links you click within the site.
Locality including the state or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit(s).
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
Products reviewed, researched and/or purchased
IP addresses are collected for system administration purposes and for use in studying how people use our site(s) and how TKG can improve the use of the site. TKG may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
TKG may use cookies to identify customers and to automatically give them access to previously stored information. TKG may also use cookies to estimate our audience size and usage patterns and to track the aggregate number of customer returns at our web site(s). TKG may also use cookies to simplify certain processes on the website(s) including but not limited to the filing out of certain forms and requests to manufacturers or sponsors in our database.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by changing certain settings of your web browser. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our website.
7. USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
TKG web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs or gif files – that allow TKG to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. TKG reserves the right to include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service providers or Applications to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These web beacons may be used by these third party service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our third party service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. TKG and its affiliates prohibit web beacons from being used to collect or access any customer personal information.
8. CHANGES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT
TKG has the discretion to update this privacy statement at any time. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the information we collect. If you have provided us with contact information we will send you a notice to the email address we have on file for you. TKG will not be responsible for inaccurate or out dated email addresses when supplying Privacy Statement updates. Once the changes have been made, your continued use and/or access of the website will constitute your acceptance and consent to the information collection and use practices described in the revised Privacy Statement.
9. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or the general practices of TKG and its affiliates and related Applications, please contact us or send your comments to:
The Karcher Group, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Statement Personal
405 Rothrock Road, Suite 103
Akron, Ohio 44321
The Karcher Group, Inc. will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
© Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved.
Join the Mailing List
GET MORE OUT OF YOUR INBOX
Get more out of your inbox
Ohio
5590 Lauby Road
Suite 8
North Canton, Ohio 44720
855.997.9254
South Carolina
721 Lady St.
Suite B
Columbia, SC 29201
803.832.4071
Resources
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Connect with Us
Meet the Group
Proud partner of Google, HubSpot and Microsoft.
×
Let’s be honestYou want to grow your business. We want to grow our list.
Let’s do both,
together.