https://www.topdraw.com/privacy-policy/
Discovery + Insight
Strategy
Brand Identity
Digital Marketing
Online Advertising
Search Engine Optimization
Website Design
Social Media
About
Insights
Careers
Contact
facebooktwitterlinkedininstagram
780-429-9993
Top Draw Inc.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information does Top Draw collect?
Top Draw Inc. (“Top Draw,” “we,” “us,” “our”) only uses your personal information, including your email address, for the purposes you have consented to and as set out in our privacy policy. We do keep track of user visits using standard web server traffic logs for our own internal statistics gathering processes.
How is the information used?
Any information that is logged is used by us to determine website usage statistics, such as page views and clicks, in order to improve and personalize our website layout, content and services, and for the purpose of advertising and marketing.
A user’s information is not used or disclosed for purposes other than those set out herein, nor is this information shared with third parties.
Third parties
Our website uses Google Ads and ActiveDEMAND remarketing services to advertise on third party websites — including Google — to previous visitors to our website. This includes advertisements on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve advertisements based on a visitor’s past visit to our website. Any data logged will be used in accordance with our privacy policy, and Google and ActiveDEMAND’s privacy policy.
Opting out
We respect your right to privacy and your decision to choose whether or not to share your information. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings or Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Top Draw Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Privacy policy and changes
This privacy policy is subject to change as we continue to modify and improve our practices and policies in order to serve the privacy interests of our users.
Signing up for our newsletter
If you sign up for our newsletter, you’ll get a monthly email with content on online marketing, local Edmonton news and other Top Draw-related articles. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Further questions or concerns
You may direct any inquiries to:
Ken Jurina
President
Top Draw Inc.
780.429.9993
info@topdraw.com
Top Draw will respond to your questions or concerns as quickly as possible.
About
Insights
Careers
Contact
© 2020 Copyright
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions