http://www.hushmail.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Home
For Business
For Personal Use
How It Works
Contact Us
Help
Sign In
Thank you for writing to us. We'll be in touch shortly.
Email address
Sign in
Send and receive private email. Get your forms completed and signed faster.
Businesses trust Hushmail to keep client communications confidential.
Switch to Hushmail today for encrypted email and secure web forms with built-in e-signatures.
View plans for Healthcare
Toggle Dropdown
Healthcare
Law
Non-profit
Small Business
Enterprise
Personal
Available now: Electronic signatures in Hush Secure Forms
Why Hushmail for Healthcare?
Healthcare professionals trust Hushmail to keep their client communications safe.
Hushmail for Healthcare is configured for HIPAA compliance right out of the box, and comes with a signed BAA (Business Associate Agreement) at no extra charge.
What is Hushmail?
Hushmail helps you communicate privately and efficiently with your clients, using encrypted email, secure web forms, and electronic signatures.
Hushmail is designed for teams of all sizes, and it's easy to set up and use. You can send your first encrypted email today, and set up a secure online form in minutes.
Encrypted Email
Your Hushmail account works just like a regular email account, with added security features to help keep your data safe.
Send and receive encrypted email on the web and iPhone
Access your account using Outlook or Apple Mail
Use your own domain name (@yourcompany.com)
Learn about encrypted email
Secure Web Forms
Move your forms online in minutes. Hush Secure Forms is our secure alternative to old-fashioned paper forms.
Drag-and-drop form builder
Start from scratch or customize a template
Built-in secure web hosting
Learn about secure web forms
Electronic Signatures
Instant online signing for your most important digital forms. Switching from pen and ink to e-signatures has never been easier.
Your clients can sign from any device
View detailed activity records
ESIGN and UETA compliant
Learn about e-signatures
How do you want to use Hushmail?
Healthcare
Law
Non-profits
Personal use
Small business
Enterprise
Read more...
Holiday gift ideas for your colleagues and other therapists in your life
Published on December 10, 2020
Let’s celebrate the holidays! We’re listing some of our favorite gifts to give to your colleagues and other therapists in your life. Read more.
Hushmail has been providing secure, private and encrypted webmail solutions since 1999. Here is why our customers trust our experience in the field.
1
2
3
4
5
Noah Rubinstein, LMFT
CEO and Founder - GoodTherapy.org
At GoodTherapy.org, we are committed to reducing harm and protecting the best interest of those in therapy and we’re thrilled that Hushmail has developed a service which will enable therapists to more reliably protect the privacy and confidentiality of their clients electronically.
Brenda Fowler, MA, LPC
Marriage and Relationship Counselor - Turnstone Counseling
The more client communication I have, the more I want to make sure I am protecting them and myself. Hushmail has worked well for me as a safe and HIPAA compliant way to share progress notes with my clients so they are able to keep track of our work together.
Gregory N. Essig, PhD
Licensed Counseling Psychologist - Feathergill and Associates
Hushmail is easy to use. Not having had any headaches with Hushmail is huge. There is almost always some when we have had to deal with other companies in other areas of the practice. Hushmail was pretty easy to figure out on my own. Email is such an integral part of our business and having it operate smoothly... you can’t really overstate that.
Brad Fowler, Owner
Construction EMarketing
I am very satisfied with the service that you offer and your customer service is excellent. You do great follow-ups. If I send a tech support ticket it is responded to within a matter of 24 hours. And if I ever need to, I can just pick up the phone and contact you.
Michael J. Vogel, Psy.D.
Licensed Psychologist - Cornerstone Family Counseling
Hushmail is very helpful and necessary in the current era. Some providers assume it is sufficient to use non-secure email with a disclaimer underneath their signature lines. I prefer to know that what I write is HIPAA-compliant, secure and encrypted.
Hushmail
Plans
For business
For personal use
Services
Encrypted email
Secure web forms
E-signatures
Hushmail
About us
Partner program
Affiliate program
Careers
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Blog
Downloads
Help & Support
How it works
Help articles
Ask a question
iPhone app
Billing
Get in touch
Contact us
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Twitter
Sales: +1-844-468-4874 (toll free)
Support: +1-877-533-4874 (toll free) | +1-604-685-6937
System status:
Copyright © 1999-2020 Hush Communications Canada Inc.
Hide
We use cookies to deliver the best possible experience on our website. To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, or closing this box, you consent to our
use of cookies.
OK