http://www.streamlineic.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Streamline Online Marketing
Leaders in Performance Marketing Since 1998
Menu
What We Do
Performance Marketing
Customer Acquisition
Student Recruitment & Retention
Lead Optimization Platforms
How We Deliver
Website Design, Development, Apps & Mobile
Market Research, Positioning & Strategy
Optimization & Marketing Monetization
Customer Acquisition & Lead Generation
Social Media Management
Lead Nurturing & Sales Automation
About Streamline
Clients & Testimonials
Connect With Us
Our Blog
Leaders in Performance Marketing Since 1998
Privacy Policy
Streamline Interactive Communications is dedicated to respecting your confidentiality and is aware of your need to safeguard personal information shared with our company (personal information is defined as any information by which you can be recognized, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of confidentiality assurance is to inform you of what personal information we may collect from you when you visit the Streamline Interactive Communications website, how we utilize such information, and the options you have regarding our use of, and your ability to evaluate and correct, the information. Confidentiality assurance applies only to consumers accessing our website from the United States.
Collecting Information About You
Customers can visit the majority of Streamline Interactive Communications web pages without identifying yourself to us or revealing any confidential information about you. Our marketing department does at times track the Internet domain address from which people visit and evaluates this data for trends and statistics, but individual users remain unidentified, unless you willingly inform us who you are.
There are times when you request information, subscribe to our mailing list or participate in special offers and promotions that we may ask you to give us pertinent information about your self. Providing personal information is always your choice.
Using Information About You
Confidential information you supply is used for internal purposes, such as subscription or registration, evaluating trends and data, notifying you of new services and promotions, etc.
Mindful of Children
We at Streamline Interactive Communications take exceptional care to protect the safety and confidentiality of children. The Streamline Interactive Communications site is a general audience site. We do not authorize children under the age of 18 to register with us. We also do not send email communications to persons that inform us that they are under the age of 18.
Third Party Links
Sometimes our website may include links to websites controlled and maintained by third parties, over which we have no power. Privacy\Confidentiality policies on such linked sites may differ from Streamline Interactive Communications confidentiality assurance. You may visit linked sites at your own risk. We recommend reading the confidentiality policy of a linked site before sharing personal information on such a site.
Confidentiality Modifications
If we choose to modify our confidentiality assurance in whole or in part, we will notify you by posting a notice on our website. Those modifications will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will pertain to all existing and past users of our website and will replace any prior inconsistent policies.
Comments
Your comments and ideas are important to Streamline Interactive Communications. To help us advance our confidentiality assurance and practice, please furnish us with your feedback. You may email us – us or write to us at:
Streamline Interactive Communications Attn: Customer Relations 6525 Gunpark Drive, Suite 370-249 Boulder, CO 80301
our strategy & process
We are leaders in performance marketing whether your goal is customer acquisition, web design and development, E-Commerce, student recruitment, or any other objective. We implement state-of-the-art marketing strategy using proprietary technology, cutting-edge creative, and clear execution.
“It has been an extreme pleasure of mine to work with Streamline Interactive Communications since their inception in 1998. Streamline has been exceedingly responsive, collaborative, innovative and receptive to the needs of my company.
They are tremendously knowledgeable and an industry leader within their line of work.
Their work ethic, honorability and integrity are second to none.
They are corporately responsible, committed to the community, their clients and the environment alike.”by
Andria Lewis | Lewis Properties
A Full Service Internet Marketing Agency Delivering Results for Over 17 Years to Hundreds of Companies & Organizations Around the Globe.
Streamline is your Partner:
Lead Generation & Customer Acquisition
Student Recruitment & Retention
Marketing Analytics & Monetization
Paid Search Placement
Branding & Online Media Buying
Social Media Marketing
Targeted Email Marketing
Lead Nurturing & Sales Automation
Website Design & Development
Custom Application Development
Search Engine Optimization
Smartphone Apps & Mobile Marketing
Contact Streamline
Boulder, CO / San Diego, CAINT’L / LOCAL: 303.444.6484
6525 Gunpark Drive, Suite 370-249
Boulder, CO 80301
Contact Us Via Email
© 2020 Streamline Internet, Inc. DBA Streamline Interactive Communications. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy