https://www.nist.gov/no-fear-act-policy
Skip to main content
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (
LockA locked padlock
) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
https://www.nist.gov/no-fear-act-policy
Office of the Director
Civil Rights and Diversity Office
CRDO Staff Overview
EEO Counselors
Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity
No Fear Act Policy
Harassment
Equal Employment Opportunity Laws
EEO Complaints
Inclusion
Disability Employment Program
No Fear Act Policy
Share
Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Email
Notice
On May 15, 2002, Congress enacted the "Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002," which is now known as the No FEAR Act. One purpose of the Act is to "require that Federal agencies be accountable for violations of antidiscrimination and whistleblower protection laws." Pub. L. 107-174, Summary. In support of this purpose, Congress found that "agencies cannot be run effectively if those agencies practice or tolerate discrimination." Pub. L. 107-74, Title I, General Provisions, Section 101(1).
The Act also requires this agency to provide this notice to Federal employees, former Federal employees and applicants for Federal employment to inform you of the rights and protections available to you under Federal antidiscrimination, whistleblower protection and retaliation laws.
Antidiscrimination Laws
A Federal agency cannot discriminate against an employee or applicant with respect to the terms, conditions or privileges of employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status or political affiliation. Discrimination on these bases is prohibited by one or more of the following statutes: 5 U.S.C. 2302(b) (1), 29 U.S.C. 206(d), 29 U.S.C. 631, 29 U.S.C. 633a, 29 U.S.C. 791 and 42 U.S.C. 2000e-16. If you believe that you have been the victim of unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin or disability, you must contact an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) counselor within 45 calendar days of the alleged discriminatory action, or, in the case of a personnel action, within 45 calendar days of the effective date of the action, before you can file a formal complaint of discrimination with your agency. See, e.g., 29 CFR § 1614. If you believe that you have been the victim of unlawful discrimination on the basis of age, you must either contact an EEO counselor as noted above or give notice of intent to sue to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) within 180 days of the alleged discriminatory action. If you are alleging discrimination based on marital status or political affiliation, you may file a written complaint with the U.S. Office of Special Counsel (OSC) (see contact information below). In the alternative (or in some cases, in addition), you may pursue a discrimination complaint by filing a grievance through your agency's administrative or negotiated grievance procedures, if such procedures apply and are available.
OSC Headquarters
https://osc.gov/
(202) 804-7000
(202) 254-3711
1730 M Street, N.W., Suite 218
Washington, D.C. 20036-4505
Whistleblower Protection Laws
A Federal employee with authority to take, direct others to take, recommend or approve any personnel action must not use that authority to take or fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take, a personnel action against an employee or applicant because of disclosure of information by that individual that is reasonably believed to evidence violations of law, rule or regulation; gross mismanagement; gross waste of funds; an abuse of authority; or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety, unless disclosure of such information is specifically prohibited by law and such information is specifically required by Executive order to be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs.
Retaliation against an employee or applicant for making a protected disclosure is prohibited by 5 U.S.C. 2302(b)(8). If you believe that you have been the victim of whistleblower retaliation, you may file a written complaint (Form OSC-11) with the U.S. Office of Special Counsel at 1730 M Street NW., Suite 218, Washington, DC 20036-4505 or online through the OSC website (external link). https://osc.gov/
Retaliation for Engaging in Protected Activity
A Federal agency cannot retaliate against an employee or applicant because that individual exercises his or her rights under any of the Federal antidiscrimination or whistleblower protections laws listed above. If you believe that you are the victim of retaliation for engaging in protected activity, you must follow, as appropriate, the procedures described in the Antidiscrimination Laws and Whistleblower Protection Laws sections or, if applicable, the administrative or negotiated grievance procedures in order to pursue any legal remedy.
Administrative Grievance Procedure DAO 202-771
http://www.osec.doc.gov/opog/dmp/daos/dao202_771.html
Office of Human Resources Management
https://www.nist.gov/ohrm
Office of Human Resources Management
301-975-3000 Telephone
301-948-6107 Facsimile
100 Bureau Drive, M/S 1720
Gaithersburg, MD 20899-1720
Disciplinary Actions
Under the existing laws, each agency retains the right, where appropriate, to discipline a Federal employee who has engaged in discriminatory or retaliatory conduct, up to and including removal. If OSC has initiated an investigation under 5 U.S.C. 1214, however, according to 5 U.S.C. 1214(f), agencies must seek approval from the Special Counsel to discipline employees for, among other activities, engaging in prohibited retaliation. Nothing in the No FEAR Act alters existing laws or permits an agency to take unfounded disciplinary action against a Federal employee or to violate the procedural rights of a Federal employee who has been accused of discrimination.
Additional Information
For further information regarding the No FEAR Act regulations, refer to 5 CFR 724, as well as the appropriate offices within your agency (e.g., Center for Equal Employment Opportunity, Center for Human Capital Management Services, or Office of General Counsel). OPM's specific antidiscrimination policies relating to equal employment opportunity and prohibited personnel practices have been physically and electronically posted throughout OPM. Additional information regarding Federal antidiscrimination, whistleblower protection and retaliation laws can be found at the EEOC website (external link) https://www.eeoc.gov/ and the OSC website (external link) https://osc.gov/
Existing Rights Unchanged
Pursuant to section 205 of the No FEAR Act, neither the Act nor this notice creates, expands or reduces any rights otherwise available to any employee, former employee or applicant under the laws of the United States, including the provisions of law specified in 5 U.S.C. 2302(d).
NIST Civil Rights and Diversity Office (CRDO) Compliance:
Pursuant to the No FEAR Act, the NIST CRDO has posted data pertaining to complaints of employment discrimination initiated by NIST employees, former employees, and applicants for employment under 29 C.F.R. : http://www.osec.doc.gov/ocr/nofear/nofear.htm.
Complaints of alleged discrimination or reprisal:
Individuals who believe they have been subjected to prohibited discrimination or retaliation because of their participation in a protected EEO activity should contact a NIST EEO Counselor, or the NIST Civil Rights and Diversity Office within 45 calendar days.
EEO Counselors contact information:
https://www.nist.gov/director/civil-rights-and-diversity-office/eeo-cou…
Civil Rights and Diversity Office:
Main line: 301-975-2038
https://www.nist.gov/director/civil-rights-and-diversity-office/crdo-st…
Created July 2, 2009, Updated November 24, 2017