http://www.hatchpatterns.com/privacy-policy-disclaimer-terms-of-use.php
Hatch Patterns Home
Contact
Hatch Patterns Help
Hatch Patterns Web Site Privacy Statement - Terms and Conditions of Use | Hatch Patterns.com
Hatch Patterns for AutoCAD and LT
Wood and Stone Collection
Hatch Patterns Web Site Privacy Statement - Terms and Conditions of Use
At Hatchpatterns.com we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Below are types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit http://www.hatchpatterns.com and how we safeguard your information.
Email Addresses
We never share your email addresses with third parties.
Log Files
As with most other web sites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We use third-party advertising vendors who use cookies to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click. http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on this site, which will also send these advertisers (such
as Google) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
Google; as a third party
vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and
other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party
cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in security programs.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as
other web sites. This could include the inability to login to services or
programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Terms and Conditions of Use
This web site and the content are provided AS IS without warranty or condition of any kind. Use of either of our web sites or any content is at your own risk. We do not make any representations, warranties or conditions about the quality,
accuracy, reliability, completeness, currency, or timelines of our web sites or the content.
Our web sites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible or liable for the accuracy, reliability, and the timeliness of the content found on these sites. You access these sites entirely at your own risk.
Submissions
Except as otherwise provided for in our Privacy Statement, any material, information or other communications that you transmit via our web sites or post to our web sites
will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and http://www.hatchpatterns.com
and its affiliates or others may
display, post, transmit, disclose, and communicate that material. Except as otherwise provided for in our Privacy Statement, any material.
Permitted Use
You agree that you will not use our web sites for any purpose that is unlawful. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from our web sites any virus, spyware, defect or other harmful disruptive component; or any unlawful, threatening, libelous, profane, defamatory, obscene or pornographic material; or any material that would infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of another party.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the applicable laws of Canada and these laws apply to the use of our web sites or the content by you, notwithstanding your domicile, residency or physical location.
General Provisions
These Terms and Conditions, including any documents referenced herein, constitute the entire
agreement between http://www.hatchpatterns.com and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and http://www.hatchpatterns.com with respect to our web sites.
http://www.hatchpatterns.com failure to enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as waiver of any provisions or rights. If any of the provisions in these Terms and Conditions are determined to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect the remaining provisions contained herein.
These Terms and Conditions apply to our web sites. By accessing our web sites you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use our web sites.
Revisions
http://www.hatchpatterns.com may at any time revise the Web Site Privacy Statement, Terms and Conditions of Use by updating this posting. Users of this site are bound by these Terms and Conditions and should visit this page to review any changes.
41 unique patterns
Woodgrains, stone walls, paving etc.
For all versions of AutoCAD
Including AutoCAD 2009, Architecture, ADT, Mechanical etc.
For all versions of LT
Including LT 2009.
Very high degree of accuracy
Drawn to one millionth of a unit.
Instant download
You can download the hatches as soon as you make your payment.
Easy to install
Just copy and paste the hatch code into your exisitng hatch file(s). This is the conventional AutoCAD method.
An explanation of this method is provided as a courtesy.
When you have made your purchase, you will be redirected to the download page where you can quickly download your new hatch patterns.
PLEASE WAIT TO BE REDIRECTED.
You will also get an automated email advising you how to download the hatch code if you do not get the redirect.
PLEASE USE A GOOD EMAIL ADDRESS
Hatch Patterns .com Home Page |
© 2006 - 2020 |
Hatch Patterns Help |
Hatch Patterns Privacy |
Advertise on Hatch Patterns