http://www.news.astraweb.com/privacy
Astraweb Privacy Policy
Astraweb will never sell or rent your personal data and holds this information in the strictest confidence.
The Astraweb Privacy Policy explains what customer information is collected, how and when we might use this information, who has access to this information and the control you have over your data.
Customer Information Collected:
We collect an email address when you register for the services.
Payment for the services will be processed by a payment processor with whatever payment method that you provide.
Server logs for connection with the use of our services
Astraweb does not monitor which newsgroups you post to or download from or what you put in articles that you post.
Retention:
We retain personal data only for the purpose for which it was obtained.
Cookies:
Like most websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience.
Cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. They may be served by the entity that operates the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by other companies (“third-party cookies”). For example, we partner with third-party analytics providers, like Google, which set cookies when you visit our websites. This helps us understand how you are using our websites so that we can improve them.
Pixels are small images on a web page or in an email. Pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies.
Local storage allows data to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache.
We use cookies for a number of reasons, like helping us see which features are most popular, counting visitors to a page, improving our users’ experience, keeping our services secure, and generally providing you with a better experience.
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can install Google's opt-out browser add-on.
Law Enforcement and Legal Requests:
We do not release any information to foreign authorities or agencies. We only release any personal data, or any data saved on our servers with a valid local court order or similar order from local authorities.
Customer Information Use & Sharing:
We use the information collected for the following purposes:
Facilitate customers in making credit card payments. We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with payment providers to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practice in privacy and security standards. We regularly review these standards and practices.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Provide customer support.
Communicate with you about our products and services.
Direct Marketing:
You can opt-out from all direct marketing emails by following the instructions at the bottom of the email. You may also email us at https://support.astraweb.com and request to be removed from direct marketing emails. We will still communicate with you about billing and support issues if required.
Your Rights:
European users have certain legal rights to obtain information about whether we hold personal information about them, to access personal information we hold about them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations. We will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request).
Rights which you are entitled to are:
Data access rights
Right to restrict processing
Right of Rectification
Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten)
Right to object to processing
Right to withdraw consent; and
Data portability rights
Exercising Your Rights:
Our contact information for Privacy Inquiries:
privacy@astraweb.com