http://www.sms-hosting.com/about/privacy.htm
Home
Helpdesk
Client
Access
Contact
SMS Computer Services
614 Nashua St., #202
Milford, NH 03055
Toll Free:(866)664-3259
Privacy Statement
At SMS COmputer Services we care
about providing you with the tools and information you need to manage
and protect both your online as offline privacy. We have developed
this privacy statement so you know what type of information is collected
on this website, who may receive that information, and for how long
we keep it. While we have made every attempt to make this statement
as clear as possible, you may of course contact us if you need further
information:
SMS-Hosting.com
/ SMS-Dialup.com
SMS Computer Services
614 Nashua Street, #202
Milford, NH 03055
USA
sales@sms-hosting.com
Does
this website use cookies to keep track of my information?
Yes, this website uses cookies to collect information about the
user's computer system, such as the web browser type, IP address,
and operating system. They are also used for session management
and for personalisation (e.g. shopping cart features).
What types of information
does this website collect?
We collect the following types of information (click links for full
details):
Traditional contact information such as mailing
address, phone number, and fax number.
Internet contact information such as email addresses.
Credit card information.
Information about the user's computer system,
such as the web browser type, IP address, and operating system.
Non-financial identification information, such
as username and password combinations.
Why is
this website collecting traditional contact information?
We collect traditional contact information for the following purposes:
For billing and support purposes.
For domain registration account establishment.
Who will receive traditional
contact information?
Our internal staff and our direct agents, such as our credit card
authorisation service. For domain registration account establishment
your information will be shared with our registration partner, eNom,
Inc. In both cases this is done over an SSL encrypted connection
to their servers.
How long will traditional
contact information be kept?
Indefinitely by SMS-Hosting.com. For domain registration account
establishment, please see eNom Inc's privacy policy.
What are my options
for traditional contact information?
You are required to enter traditional contact information when ordering
services from our site, or when establishing a domain registration
account.
Why is this website collecting internet
contact information?
We collect internet contact information for the following purposes:
For billing and support purposes.
For domain registration account establishment.
Who will receive internet
contact information?
Our internal staff and our direct agents, such as our credit card
authorization service. For domain registrations and maintenance
your information will be shared with our registration partner, eNom,
Inc. In both cases this is done over an SSL encrypted connection
to their servers.
How long will internet
contact information be kept?
Indefinitely by SMS-Hosting.com. For domain registration account
establishment, please see eNom Inc's privacy policy.
What are my options
for internet contact information?
You are required to enter internet contact information when ordering
services from our site, or when establishing a domain registration
account.
Why is this website collecting credit card
information?
We collect credit card information for the following purposes:
For billing purposes.
Who will receive credit
card information?
Our internal staff and our direct agents, such as our credit card
authorization service.
How long will credit
card information be kept?
Indefinitely while you remain a hosting client of SMS-Hosting.com
(this is necessary to facilitate recurring payments).
Please note that credit card numbers stored by
SMS-Hosting.com are kept in encrypted format ONLY and are only ever
accessed via a 128 bit SSL encrypted connection. For those who are
interested, they are encrypted using RC4 with a key made up of specific
client data plus an MD5 hashed admin key entered at encryption and
decryption time. The admin key is NOT stored anywhere on our servers,
is known to only 2 people within SMS-Hosting.com, and is several
thousand bits long. Bottom line: we have gone to extreme lengths
to secure your credit card number, and it is in far more danger
when you hand over your card in a restaurant. We do not store your
CVV2 number as it is illegal to do so.
What are my options
for credit card information?
You are required to enter credit card information when ordering
services from our site.
Why is this website collecting system information?
We collect system information for the following purposes:
For website administration purposes.
To evaluate, review, or improve the website.
Who will receive system
information?
Our internal staff.
How long will system
information be kept?
Indefinitely.
What are my options
for system information?
You may switch cookies off within your browser, however doing so
may prevent use of certain functions e.g. shopping cart.
Why is this website collecting identification
information?
We collect identification information for the following purposes:
For domain registration account establishment.
To complete the current activity of the visitor.
For website administration purposes.
To customize the website for the user on multiple
visits to the site.
Who will receive identification
information?
Our internal staff and our direct agents, such as our credit card
authorization service. For domain registrations and maintenance
your information will be shared with our registration partner, eNom,
Inc. In both cases this is done over an SSL encrypted connection
to their servers.
How long will identification
information be kept?
Indefinitely by SMS-Hosting.com. For domain registration account
establishment, please see eNom Inc's privacy policy.
What are my options
for identification information?
You are required to enter identification information when accessing
protected areas, or when establishing a domain registration account.
What if I think that
you are not adhering to this statement?
If you believe we are not handling your information in accordance
with our privacy policy, please contact us. Contact information
is available here.
If for some reason we have violated our privacy
policy, we will correct the error as soon as you notify us.
SMS Computer Services is Proud to offer low cost dialup access to
the US and Canda...
 SMS
Forums
 Cafe
Press
 Help
Files
 Newsletter
 Affiliate
Program
Current Dialup Specials - Subscribe for 1 year, and pay only $99!...(more)
Home  Web
Hosting  Dialup
Access Domain
Registration  About
Us  Forums
 Support
 2000-2003 SMS Computer Services. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use,
Privacy Statement.