http://www.julnet.com/who-we-are/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | JulNet Solutions LLC
Home
What We Do
Meeting Management
Site Selection Services
Association Management Services
Administrative Management
Website Development & Graphic Design Services
Social Media & Communication Outreach
Who we Are
Meet the Team
Julie Hewett, CMP, CAE
Privacy Policy
Upcoming Events
News & Notes
Contact Us!
Navigation
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Please be assured that JulNet does not provide or release names or e-mail addresses of Web site visitors to any third party without permission. The following principles reflect our commitment to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and to provide you with the best possible service.
Privacy Principles
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect, retain, and use information about individual customers only where we reasonably believe it would be useful (and allowed by law) in providing you with products, services, and other opportunities. We protect your information against unauthorized access or release. We will not sell or rent e-mail addresses to third parties without your consent. E-mail addresses, aggregate information about which pages visitors access, and information volunteered by site visitors (such as survey information and/or site registrations) are used to improve the content of the JulNet Web site and are not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. We do, however, reserve the right to use the information to selectively notify visitors about updates, products, services, activities, or upcoming events.
EDITORIAL AND PUBLISHING DIRECTION
Editorial and publishing staff use visitor data to help shape and direct the creation and maintenance of content.
E-MAIL
Messages that you send to us by e-mail may not be secure. We recommend that you do not send any confidential information to us by e-mail. If you choose to send any confidential information to us via e-mail, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept this information. We strive to respond to all e-mail requests in a timely manner.
OTHER SITES
The JulNet site contains links to other sites on the Internet. These links are provided for your convenience and do not constitute JulNet’s approval or endorsement of linked sites or their products or advertisements.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Neither JulNet nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliate entities, agents, employees, or subcontractors shall be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages, including lost profits (even if we are advised of the possibility) arising in any way from the information contained in this Web site or any information transmitted via this Web site. Julnet is not liable for any damages or losses that may be caused to any equipment and other software due to any viruses, defects or malfunctions in connection with access or use of this Web site.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by JulNet detailed in these privacy principles. If we ever change our privacy policy, we will post any changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information that we collect and how we use it.
CONTACT US
We welcome your feedback. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policies, please contact us.
Search for:
News & Notes
Brent Walls, CPA
Elizabeth Davidson
Claire Perkins
Three secrets to traveling the world while running a successful business
TagsAMC
Best Practices
Conference
Outsourcing
Random Thoughts
Unique Venue
#TTTTK – The Ten Things to Know Help us stay in touch!
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
* = required field
Preferred Format
HTML
Text
powered by MailChimp!
Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets
Random Thoughts & Rambles: Julie K. HewettMastering RedBooth:
Project Management for Busy Teams
To Russia with Love
Freedom
Castel Sant’Angelo
True Love
October 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
« Feb
JulNet Solutions, LLC1014 6th Avenue
Huntington, WV 257011.304.523.9700M-F 9-5 ET
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
WordPress