http://www.lanware.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Skip to main content
We use cookies to give you the best experience on
our site and we take your privacy very seriously.
Please see our privacy policy for details.
OK
Privacy/Cookie Policy
Lanware respects your privacy.
Fair Processing Notice for External Website Users
Lanware Limited respects your personal data and is committed to being transparent about how we use your personal data and protect its privacy and security. This Fair Processing Notice explains how we will use your personal data when you use our website.
Our contact details
Lanware’s registered office address is located at 62-64 Cornhill, London, EC3V 3NH.
Our Data Protection Lead can be contacted at DPO@lanware.co.uk
What personal data do we collect about you and how do we use that personal data?
When you use our website we will collect the following personal data about you:
- Name, email address, phone number, date and your enquiry, via our ‘Contacts” page and our “We’ll call you back” facility;
- IP Address/ MAC address when you use the website;
We need your name and contact details in order to answer your enquiry and we process this data with your consent.
We need your IP address and MAC address for security reasons.
We will send you marketing information and newsletters when you consent for us to do so. You have the right to unsubscribe to our marketing at any time.
If you do choose to unsubscribe, we will keep your name and email address on a suppression list so that we don’t email you again by accident.
How long will we hold your personal data?
We will hold the personal data that we have collected from you for two years in case you have additional queries at a later stage.
Data will be reviewed and deleted every six months.
Do we use any automated decision making?
Automated decision-making takes place when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision without human intervention.
We do not use any automated decision making at Lanware.
What is our legal basis for processing your personal data?
Most of our processing is because we have a contractual right to process your data in order to answer a query or fulfil an order.
On occasion, we will seek your consent to process your personal data but you are free to refuse.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We share your personal data with the following recipients:
- Our software providers
- Cloud service providers
- Our website host
- Outlook/Microsoft
Do we transfer your personal data outside of the EU or EEA?
We do not transfer your personal data outside of the EU or EEA.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer/device.
This complies with recent legislative requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user's computer/device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user's computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it.
This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage.
The software will save a cookie to your computer hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy or further information.
Other cookies may be stored to your computer hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts.
Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer.
No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Your rights as a data subject
You have rights in respect of our processing of your personal data which are:
•	To access your personal data and information about our processing of it.
You also have the right to request a copy of your personal data (but we will need to remove information about other people);
•	To rectify incorrect personal data that we are processing;
•	To request that we erase your personal data if:
o	we no longer need it;
o	if we are processing your personal data by consent and you withdraw that consent;
o	if we no longer have a legitimate ground to process your personal data; or
o	we are processing your personal data unlawfully;
•	To object to our processing if it is by legitimate interest.
•	To restrict our processing if it was by legitimate interest.
•	To request that your personal data be transferred from us to another company if we were processing your data under a contract or with your consent and the processing is carried out automated means.
If you want to exercise any of these rights,
please contact us.
Changes to this privacy policy
Lanware Limited will amend this policy from time to time.
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.
If you have any questions or concerns, please email DPO@lanware.co.uk as most matters can be resolved informally in the first instance.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing with the
UK's Information Commissioner's Office.
Get in touch
Speak to us today
+44 (0)20 7150 1190
Send us an email
enquiries@lanware.co.uk
Tweet, like, connect
We'll call you back
Name *
Email *
Telephone *
Date *
Day
Day12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031
Month
MonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDec
Year
Year20182019202020212022
Time (UK) *
- Select -9am10am11am12pm1pm2pm3pm4pm5pm
Reason for call *
Submit
* Required details