http://www.keysurvey.com/privacy-policy/
1-888-708-8118
Home
Software
Survey software
Full Feature List
Access Levels & Permissions
Mobile Surveys
Reporting & Dashboards
Offline Surveys
API & Integration
Logic & Branching
Enterprise Portals
Data Workflow
Private Labeling
Contact Manager
Hosting Options
Solutions
Survey solutions
Enterprise Feedback
Enterprise Data Collection
Customer Satisfaction
HR Onboarding
Employee Engagement
Voice of the Customer
Custom Solutions
Market Research
Services
Survey services
Professional Services
Custom Development
Support & Training
Account Management
Campaign Management
Research Services
About us
About Key Survey
Who We Are
Case Studies
Customers
Testimonials
Business Center
Contact Us
Login
Login
Request a trial
1-888-708-8118
Try Key Survey for Free!
Sign up to receive a 30-day trial account, absolutely free.
By submitting this form you agree to the Key Survey
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policydownload as .PDFEffective March 30, 2020
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose what information we collect,
how the information that is provided to WorldAPP is used by our company,
and how such information is both protected and made available on our websites.
It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.
By using our websites and services you agree to this Privacy Policy and provide your consent to your personal data processing.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our websites or services.
Key Survey, Form.com, and WorldAPP are the official trademarks of WorldAPP, Inc. ("WorldAPP").
This Privacy Policy applies to
form.com,
fr.form.com,
www.worldapp.com,
www.keysurvey.com,
www.keysurvey.fr, and www.keysurvey.co.uk,
owned and operated by WorldAPP, Inc. The websites are governed by WorldAPP's Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
When WorldAPP is acting as a processor, use of information collected through our
service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Customer has engaged WorldAPP.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
For the processing of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States, WorldAPP,
Inc participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. WorldAPP, Inc. is committed to subjecting all personal
data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
WorldAPP is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.
WorldAPP complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, WorldAPP is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, WorldAPP may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Privacy Shield website,
you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
TABLE OF CONTENTSInformation We CollectDescriptive ReferencesHow We Use Your InformationReferralsSurvey / Form DataLive ChatData RetentionAnti-SPAM PolicyCookies and Tracking TechnologiesThird Party WebsitesLog FilesThird Party AdvertisersImportant Note for European VisitorsSocial Media WidgetsYour Rights Regarding Your Personal InformationSingle Sign-onNotice For California ResidentsPublic Member DirectoryHow We Protect Your InformationLegal DisclosureChildren's InformationChanges to this Privacy PolicyDispute Resolution ProcessContact UsTestimonialsInformation We CollectWorldAPPcollects information from individuals who visit www.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com websites, individuals who register to use our websites and companies who obtained personal information in accordance with applicable laws and make it available to us by means of using our services and products (hereinafter “you” or “Customer”).When you register, WorldAPP collects your name, company name, title, phone, and e-mail address when you request product information or support from WorldAPP. If you register for an account on www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com, we will also collect the username (your e-mail address by default) and password you create for your account.When you purchase services on www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com, WorldAPP collects your first name, middle name, last name, phone, e-mail, company name, address.When you subscribe to our blog, WorldAPP collects your e-mail address.WorldAPP may also collect personal information under the direction of its Customers. When the personal information is electronically submitted by our Customers to www.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com for hosting and processing WorldAPP will not access, review, check, share, distribute, or reference any such personal information except as provided in the Agreement with the Customer, or as may be required bythe legal regulations.When we collect personal information under the direction of our Customer we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process. If you are a customer of one of our Customers and would no longer like tobe contacted by one of our Customers that use our service, please contact the Customer that you interact with directly.How We Use Your InformationWe use personal information in the normal course of our business to perform the services you and our Customers request.We use the information we collect from you to automatically pre-populate some variables in applications, specifically:Your e-mail is used as the application login, as a default value in "From Field" when you set-up e-mail campaigns, and as a default e-mail for application updates and alerts.We use your personal information to contact you personally through phone or e-mail regarding your application account or to respond to your request.We also use the information we collect from you and our Customers during the period of your/our Customer’s subscription and for up to 2 months after the request/subscription expiration to periodically send you/our Customer WorldAPP related e-mail communications that contain application hints/tips, corporate news and updates and/or invites to webinars/training sessions.Our e-mail notification system stores your e-mail addresses on our server in a secured location. These e-mail addresses are kept on the server for tracking and click notification purposes. Much like form data, these addresses are yours, not the property of WorldAPP. Our Customer Support team may examine these lists for support and troubleshooting purposes. WorldAPP will never use or sell these e-mail addresses to anyone; any attempt to access your e-mail addresses without your authorization will be prosecuted.When you provide your e-mail address to receive WorldAPP newsletters we will only use your e-mail to send the newsletter to you. You may opt-out of receiving WorldAPP newsletters at any time by following the instructions provided with it, updating your user profile, or by sending us an e-mail. We will make sure to process your request within 10 business days.We also use aggregate information to determine what is of interest to our users as a group, and thereby improve our website.We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our information, products or services to you, such as
(agents, service providers, consultants). For instance, we may use e-mail service providers to send out e-mails onour behalf, and a payment processing company to bill you for services. We only share the information we collect with the third parties for the purposes of providing that service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.These services may include:Payment processingProviding customer serviceSending marketing communicationsFulfilling subscription servicesConducting research and analysisProviding cloud computing infrastructureSurvey / Form DataWhen you publish your forms or surveys on the www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com servers, we will provide you with a unique URL to display your forms or surveys. WorldAPP will not provide this URL to any other person or entity but will provide your form to any web browser requesting your unique URL. WorldAPP has the right to review your form contents for violations of our Terms of Use. If WorldAPP determines your form is in violation of Terms of Use, we will attempt to contact you and reserve the right to delete your form and results from our systems.WorldAPPwill not attempt to read your form results at any time unless explicitly instructed to do so by you. We do not own the contents of the data for your form. WorldAPP will only have access to your forms for purposes of backup and troubleshooting. When WorldAPP receives your form results, we will store them in a secure location. We will only allow your form results to be downloaded directly into your desktop software. WorldAPP has extensive security measures in place to protect your results while stored on ourservers and we will prosecute any attempt to access this information without authorization.Data RetentionWe determine the personal data retention period on the basis of kinds of personal data processed and the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use of the personal data.WorldAPP retains all records of your orders, forms and reports you have completed, and other miscellaneous account information for you. This has been done solely for the information and benefit of www.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com users. This data is not accessible to anyone and any company outside WorldAPP besides you, the User.We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services or as needed for the records keeping or other purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at support@worldapp.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as needed to provide services to our Customer. WorldAPP will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.We will retain information derived from cookies or other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time starting from the date such information was created.Cookies and Tracking TechnologiesCookies (or similar technologies) are used by WorldAPP and our partners, affiliates, analytics or service providers, including Google, HubSpot, Outreach.io, Capterra, Bing, LinkedIn, and AdRoll. Cookies are small files produced by websites you visit which store information on the device you are using as you navigate the web pages.These technologies are used for analyzing trends, administering the website, tracking user activity, and gathering demographic information. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our partners on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We may use preferences, advertising, processes, session state, and analytics cookies. We also use cookies to monitor the performance and uptime of our web properties. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.To learn more about our cookie policy and how to control the use of our cookies on your device, please visit our Cookie Policy Page.Log FilesAs is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.Important Note for European VisitorsWe process personal information for the purpose of providing the service for which the Customer has engaged WorldAPP, to comply with our internal policies and legal requirements regarding records keeping, to comply with any contractual obligations connected to the services provision, to develop and improve our websites, handle your requests, to comply with our legal obligations and satisfy our legitimate interest in prevention of fraud, misuse of services, money laundering, enhancement and growth of our business, to ensure physical security, IT and network security, to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders and other official rulings.The lawful basis for collecting and processing your personal information will depend on the type of personal information collected and purposes of its processing. Depending on the circumstances, WorldAPP may rely on the following lawful basis of your personal data processing:you have given your consent to the processing;processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for your benefit;processing is necessary to comply with WorldAPP’s legal obligations;processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or vital interests of another natural person;processing is necessary for ensuring WorldAPP’s legitimate interests, and there is no undue risk to your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms;processing is required or available under the applicable data protection legislation. WorldAPP may process the personal information you provided: in the European Economic Area, the United States or any other country outside the European Economic Area, where WorldAPP operates,for use for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.When processing personal information transferred from the European Union, we rely on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (for transfers to the United States), use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, implement other means for ensuring adequate safeguards, or obtain your consent. You can receive more detailed information regarding the protection given to your personal data when it is transferred outside the European Economic Area (including a sample copy of suitable safeguards or information regarding where they have been made available) by contacting us.By using our website and providing us with your personal data, you consent to your personal data transfer to the United States and other countries outside of your jurisdiction in which we operate.In the event that you do not consent to WorldAPP processing your personal information, WorldAPP may not be able to deliver the contracted services with you.WorldAPP’s representative in the EU is Designlogic Limited, The Square, Basing View, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 4EB UK.You can reach the Data Protection Officer at dpo@worldapp.com or (781) 849-8118.Your Rights Regarding Your Personal InformationUpon request WorldAPP will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information.You have the following rights regarding your personal information:Right to access: you may address WorldAPP with a request to access your information processed by WorldAPP at any time;Right to correct (rectify) your personal information: you may update your personal data within your account whenever needed on your own or e-mail our customer support for any assistance needed;Right to withdraw consent at any time: you may withdraw your consent to your personal data processing at any time without being required to provide reasons for your decision. To withdraw your consentto the data processing, please contact WorldAPP support team;Right to request deletion (erasure) of your personal data: right to erasure or “right to be forgotten” may be fulfilled by asking for your personal data WorldAPP holds to be deleted in certain circumstances. This includes, for example, situations when the data our company holds on you is no longer needed or when your data has been used unlawfully;Right to data portability (transfer your data): this right allows you to receive your personal datafrom the company and store it for your personal use or reuse it for purposes across various services;Right to restrict the processing of personal information concerning you or personal data being processed: upon providing a particular reason, you can limit WorldAPP’s use of your personal information. This is an alternative to request on erasure of your personal data;Right to object: you have a right to object to the processing of your personal data by WorldAPP at any time. This will allow you to stop orprevent WorldAPP from processing your personal data. You may object to your personal data processing in relation to all of the personal data WorldAPP holds about you or only to certain information. Objection to processing may also relate to a particular purpose WorldAPP is processing the data for.You can fulfill the above-mentioned and other rights you have regarding your personal information by making the change on our member information page or by e-mailing our Customer Support at support@worldapp.com, by contacting us by telephone (781) 849-8118 or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.You also have a right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects or significantly affects you. WorldAPP does not have automated decision-making on its websites at the moment.Where we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.WorldAPP acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. WorldAPP has no direct relationship with theindividuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, delete inaccurate data, or exercise the other legal rights, should direct his query to WorldAPP’s Customer (the data controller). If requested toremove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.Notice For California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, you have the following rights regarding your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which went into effect on January 1, 2020.Right to know what personal information we collect about you and the purposes of that collectionYou have the right to know what personal information about you we collect, the sources from which it is collected, and the purposes for which we collect it. Please refer to the Information We Collect section of our Privacy Policy for this information.Right to know how your personal information is usedYou have the right to know how your personal data is used. Please visit the HowWe Use Your Information section of our Privacy Policy for this information.Right to know with whom we share your personal informationYou have the right to know whether we share your personal data with any third parties. We may share your personal information with third parties who help us to run our business. Please refer to the How We Use Your Information section of our Privacy Policy for details.Right to know whether any of your personal is soldWe do not share, sell, rent out, or otherwise willfullydisclose your personal information.Right to access, request, and receive the personal informationYou have the right to request which personal data was collected about you and receive a copy of such information. We will disclose and deliver the required information to you in the manner described in the CCPA after receiving a verifiable request from you.Right to “Opt Out of Sale” of your personal dataWe do not sell your personal data to third parties and do not offer an “opt out” mechanism.Right to request deletion of your personal dataYou have the right to request deletion of your data from our systems to the extent provided by the CCPA. Please contact us at (781) 849-8118 or send an e-mail to support@worldapp.com to request deletion of your data.Non-discriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. For instance, we will not deny you goods or services; charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or impose penalties; provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.Please Contact Us if you have any further questions regarding your rights under the CCPA.How We Protect Your InformationAny information collected and processed by WorldAPP is treated with the utmost confidentiality. WorldAPP will not share, sell, rent out or otherwise willfully disclose any personal information gathered from Customers. We will make no public release of any personal information that is collected through our proprietary form tool. All company-specific information gathered through www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com will be the property of the Customer.The security of your personal information is of great importance to WorldAPP. We use various kinds of technical, physical, electronic, and administrative security mechanisms that are designed to protect your and our Customer’s data from loss, damage, deletion, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration.If you choose to upgrade your account on www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com via logging into your account. You do so over a secure connection utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). This ensures that your personal information is not at risk. All transactions are executed with VeriSign technology, a web -based transaction management tool. When you register with us or log in to our website, you can use a secure connection, ensuring that no one can steal your username and password, and use that to access any other information about you.We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.If you have any questions about security on our website, you can send e-mail us at support@worldapp.com.Children's Information
WorldAPP does not target its website to children, and we will never knowingly collect personal information from children.
If you have information that your children or any children underyour care have provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at support@worldapp.com.
If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 16 and has registered, we will remove their personal information from our files.
By using www.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com, you represent and warrant that you are not under 16 years of age.Dispute Resolution ProcessIn the event that you feel WorldAPP Privacy Policy has been violated, would like to report a vulnerability, or has a security concern regarding WorldAPP services, you may submit a request to the WorldAPP Customer Support team by e-mail at support@worldapp.com or by phone (781) 849-8118 x1.WorldAPP will review the submitted request and assign it a tracking number. WorldAPP will then respond to you, acknowledging receipt of the request, and outline the next steps in the process.To help WorldAPP more effectively respond to your requests, please provide us with any supporting material that would be useful in the investigation:A detailed description of the complaint, incident, or vulnerabilityDate and time of the occurrenceIndividuals involved in the occurrenceTool outputAny other pertinent informationThe information Customers share with WorldAPP as part of this process is kept confidential within WorldAPP and will not be shared with third parties without the Customer’s permission.If the case has been confirmed, WorldAPP will work to investigate and validate the reported incident or vulnerability. WorldAPP classifies any and all confirmed privacy and security incident reports as Critical and aims for a maximum of one business hour initial response time. If additional information is required in order to validate or reproduce the issue, WorldAPP will work with the Customer to obtain it.In the event that violations of WorldAPP Privacy and/or Security Policy are discovered, WorldAPPwill immediately seek a solution to the violating actions.Upon completion of the investigation, information on the resolution will be delivered to the Customer.The individual has a right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration or lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.TestimonialsWe display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name on thewww.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com sites. If you want your testimonial updated or removed, please contact us at (781) 849-8118 or send an e-mail to support@worldapp.com.Descriptive ReferencesWorldAPP is authorized to make descriptive references to Customer's company name and URL on www.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com websites and collateral promotional materials. All references to Customer's name and URL will insure the benefit to the Customer. If you want your company name and URL removed please contact us at (781) 849-8118 or send an e-mail to support@worldapp.com.ReferralsIf you choose to use the www.worldapp.com, www.keysurvey.co.uk, www.keysurvey.com, www.keysurvey.fr, fr.form.com and form.com referral service to refer a company to our website, we will ask for your contact's name, phone number and e-mail address. We will attempt to contact the referred company using the data you provided. WorldAPP stores this information for the purpose of sending contact e-mails and tracking the success of our referral program. If we are contacting you because your e-mail address was submitted to us via our referral service and wish to request your e-mail address no longer be used by us, you may do so by contacting us at (781) 849-8118 or e-mail us at support@worldapp.com.Live ChatWe use live chat to assist you with any product or service-related questions or if you need support/technical assistance. In order to provide you with support, our live chat support agents will ask you for personal information such as name and e-mail address. If our live chat is offline, we will collect your name and e-mail address so that we may reply to your request later.Anti-SPAM PolicyThe information we collect is never sold, rented out, leased, traded, swapped, marketed, exchanged, bartered, distributed, or disclosed in any way. WorldAPP and its users agree to never initiate any SPAM e-mailing. WorldAPP anti-spam policy falls in compliance with US CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 S. 877Third Party WebsitesOur website includes linksto other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of WorldAPP. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.Third Party AdvertisersWe partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other websites. Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other websites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.Social Media WidgetsOur website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, the Facebook Social widget, the Twitter Latest Tweets widget, the Twitter Tweet button, the the LinkedIn Share button, Pinterest button, Slack button, Linked in button, Messenger button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.Single Sign-onYou can log in to our website using sign-in services such as Salesforce.com or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and e-mail address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Salesforce.com give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network.Public Member DirectoryWe will list you in our publicly accessible member directory when you become a new member in our community forums. If you wish to request removal of your information from our directory, you can contact us at customercare@worldapp.com.Legal DisclosureWe reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, detect, prevent or investigate fraud, security or technical issues , enforce Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations, or respond to requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.If WorldAPP is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.We encourage you to periodically review thispage for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@worldapp.com.You can also send your request by mail:
WorldAPP
222 Forbes Road,
Suite 303
Braintree
MA
02184
Software
Solutions
Services
About us
Contact us
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Site map
Help Center
info@worldapp.com
Toll-free: +1 (888) 708 8118
USA: +1 (781) 849 8118
UK: +44 (0) 1252 551 600
FR: +33 (0)178 90 05 45
AU: +1 (800) 554 985
Fax: +1 (781) 849 8133
© WORLDAPP 2002 - 2020
Demo
Quote
Chat
1-888-708-8118
Schedule a Personalized DEMO
Get in touch and we’ll schedule some time to review a completely customized Key Survey demo.
By submitting this form you agree to the Key Survey
Privacy Policy
By submitting this form you agree to the Key Survey
Privacy Policy
1-888-708-8118
LET’S DISCUSS YOUR PROJECT
Get a quote on the solution that meets your business needs.
By submitting this form you agree to the Key Survey
Privacy Policy