http://www.sampson-multimedia.com/privacy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
We take your privacy and security very seriously.
In order to demonstrate our commitment to share our policies on information gathering, privacy, security, return, and more...
Our
Privacy Policies are:
1. The Information We Collect: Our site uses forms for information requests, support requests, and orders. Contact information from all forms (including name, address, email address, payment info, etc.) is used to process information and support requests and deliver orders. At no time will we share any of this information with any other person or company. Any financial information our customers submit, such as credit card number and expiration date is used only to charge the customer for what they are purchasing.
We collect information from online visitors who ask to be on our newsletter mailing list and/or receive periodic email announcements. Anyone who wishes can choose to be removed from our mailing list at any time.
2. Security: This site has extensive security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All orders are processed using SSL technology via secure server. All customer contact information including credit card number, name, address, etc., is guarded with the utmost security and discretion.
3. Return Policies: We offer a
30-day return policy on all our products. If you're not 100% satisfied, we want you to tell us!
4. Unsolicited email: We do not use, nor do we condone the use of unsolicited bulk email.
We take this issue very seriously. Please report any incidents of unsolicited email coming from or mentioning the sampson-multimedia.com domain to: reports@sampson-multimedia.com for a prompt and personal reply. All matters will be investigated and dealt with promptly.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms of this policy, you should refrain from using this website. These policies may
be modified periodically at our sole discretion, so you should review this page on a regular basis.  Your continued use of this website signifies that you continue to accept the terms of this statement, as revised from time to time.
Contacting Us
If you would like to contact us concerning your privacy and the use of our website, please contact us at:
Toll Free: 1-800-621-2129
Email:
support@sampson-multimedia.com
Sampson Multimedia
Orquideas #1
Suite 472
Cuernavaca, Mor. 62330
MEXICO
Home | Free Trial | Support | Order | Contact Us | Awards | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service
© 1997-2011 Sampson Multimedia. All Rights Reserved.