http://www.1800banners.com/privacy.php
Join the worlds leading banner exchange ad network. Exchange banners at a 2:1 ratio on over 16,000 websites. We have
over 10,000 publishers and growing! Join the worlds largest and most active banner exchange program. You wont find any
banner exchanges that compare to 1800banners outstanding support and services. Other banner exchanges will leave you feeling dissapointed,
join our banner exchange program today.
Looking for ad exchanges or to buy advertising? You have come to right place, buy low cost advertising from worlds leading traffic exchange. You can also buy traffic and marketing from the worlds best internet marketing source.
Fastest Growing Ad-Exchange on the Planet!
Members:
Home
Banner Advertising
Register
My Account
Blog
Faqs
Support
Life Saving Drug Detox Programs
Privacy Policy
1800Banners.com respects your privacy.
1800Banners.com.com does not sell, rent or give any identifiable personal information regarding its members to any third party unless the member has subscribed to such services on his/her own. Any information that you give to us is held with the utmost care and security.
1800Banners.com will work with our partners, such as advertising agencies, content providers, to bring you relevant information that pertains to your interest categories, and thus some of your information may be shared with such parties. However all companies that we work with will also be bound by our privacy statement.
You will never receive any unwanted email or postal mail as a result of information you have given to 1800Banners.com. And you can opt-out or unsubscribe to any lists or announcement categories at any time by following the procedures set forth by 1800Banners.com.
When you register as a member at 1800Banners.com, you must submit your name, email address and your website information so that we can properly set up your account and send you the relevant information that you have requested or subscribed to.
1800Banners.com will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Examples of such information are name, postal address and email address. 1800Banners.com may share non-personal aggregate, or summary, information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties, but 1800Banners.com does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level unless the individual customer has subscribed to receiving such information.
By registering as a member at 1800Banners.com, you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change at any time. This policy will always be available to users on this page for members to read.
Copyright 2002-2019 @ 1800Banners.com
Banner Ad Exposure -
Terms - Privacy Policy
Contact Us