https://www.coatssql.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We value the relationships we have with all of our COATS users. We understand that you trust us with your company’s most confidential information, and we take this trust seriously.
This privacy notice discloses our privacy practices for coatssql.com, and applies solely to information collected by coatssql.com. This notice includes information on:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through coatssql.com, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only collect and access information that you voluntarily give us via email or through other direct contact with you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, such as to ensure that your drivers are the most recent.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about news in the staffing software industry, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Users of COATS software may be contacted by members of our Integrated Partners Program regarding products and services designed to complement and extend the functionality of COATS.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can contact us at any time at info@coatssql.com or 800-888-5894 to do the following:
See what, if any, data we have about you.
Change or correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via coatssql.com, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as a phone number), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
We use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, and we protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (such as technical support) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at 800-888-5894 or info@coatssql.com.
Contact us by phone:
1-800-888-5894
757-499-7652
757-499-6524
NewsletterSubscribe to our newsletter for the latest news and information on the staffing industry and software.
First name *
Last name *
Email address *
Leave this field empty if you're human: ResourcesStaffing Software Solutions and Partners
Associations
Events
Learn More About COATSCOATS Staffing Software
Technical Support
Staffing Software Customization
Remote Hiring Services
Browse by Topics
Clients
Did You Know
Economic Growth
Employees
Engagement
Legal Issues
Management
News & Events
Payroll Accounting
Payroll Software Tax Updates
Staffing Industry
Staffing Software by COATS
Uncategorized
Ready to see COATS in Action?
Schedule a demo
Request a Free Online Demo
Schedule a Demo
Wants to see COATS up close and personal? Call us directly at 1-800-888-5894 or complete this form to schedule an online demo. A COATS representative will contact you soon.Name*
Phone Number*Email Address*
Company Name*Message (optional)How did you hear about us?*FacebookLinkedInTwitterG+Staffing Today/ASA emailStaffing World/Staffing Law ConferenceASA State SymposiumState Association (FSA, NCASP, etc.)NISATempNetRecommendation/Existing or Previous ClientOther
I agree to receive promotional materials from COATS SQL
×
Customer Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Forgotten Password
Cancel
Please note you will be locked out after 3 invalid login attempts and will have to contact COATS Support for access.
If you need a customer login, please call COATS customer service at 1-800-888-5894
×
Contact us for more information
Customization Page
Name*
Phone*Email Address*
I'm interested in learning more about (check all that apply)
Buying vs. leasing
Online hosting vs. local server hosting
Company Name*Message (optional)
I agree to receive promotional materials from COATS SQL
×
Contact us for more information
Name*
Phone*Email Address*
I'm interested in learning more about (check all that apply)
Buying vs. leasing
Online hosting vs. local server hosting
Company Name*Message (optional)
I agree to receive promotional materials from COATS SQL
x
Contact us for more information
Name*
Phone*Email Address*
I'm interested in learning more about (check all that apply)
Buying vs. leasing
Online hosting vs. local server hosting
Company Name*Message (optional)
I agree to receive promotional materials from COATS SQL
×