http://www.megatoners.com/privacypolicy.html
Megatoners.com
Questions?
Call us toll free at
(800)810-5408
Contact us
affiliate program
privacy policy
about us
support
shopping cart
Apollo
Apple
Brother
Cables
Canon
Compaq
Dell
Epson Compatible & Genuine
Gestetner
Hewlett Packard
IBM
Kodak
Konica - Minolta
Kyocera - Mita
Lexmark
NEC
Okidata
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Ricoh
Samsung
Sharp
Tektronix
Toshiba
Xerox
As a leading online Toner retailer, we understand that your personal information is private and needs to stay that way. For you protection, MegaToners.com does not sell, share, or distribute your e-mail address or personal data to anyone without your permission.
At MegaToners.com we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to ensure that we provide you with the best services to suit your needs.
What We Collect and Where Do We Collect It?
All users of the site are free to explore most of the site without providing any personal information to MegaToners.com At other areas of the site you may be asked to provide the following information:
Users may want to place an order with MegaToners.com. At that time, users will be asked to provide certain information, such as name, address, e-mail and, where appropriate, credit card information in order to make a purchase.
We collect your e-mail address when you contact us by e-mail so that we may respond to your e-mail.
We also collect your email for special sales that MegaToners.com may want you to know about. (i.e. Christmas, Chanukah, Easter, Thanksgiving)
As with most web sites, we monitor where users of the site travel throughout the site so that we can develop a better understanding of the areas of greatest interest.
How Does MegaToners.com Use This Information?
Navigational
Our system automatically gathers information about the areas visited by both members and users. To do this, MegaToners.com logs IP addresses (in other words, the location of your computer on the Internet) for system administration, troubleshooting and to examine overall traffic trends. (For example, IP addresses help us determine the number of people coming from various gateways, such as AOL.) We do not use any of this navigational data on an individual basis. Nor do we share any of this data with outside companies. We do use navigational information in the aggregate to understand how our users travel around the site as a group to use the services that we offer. We collect that information so that MegaToners.com can constantly improve the site. We may also share this statistical information with our partners or other outside companies, but in doing so, we do not disclose individual names or personal navigational information.
Personal
When you become a customer of MegaToners.com, we will ask you for some information, such as name, address and email. When you go to buy a product, additional information, such as your preferred method of payment and your shipping address, will be required.
We might, from time to time, use the information provided to send you alerts about upcoming events and promotions and to create general customer profiles. You can -- at any time -- "opt-out" of receiving such communication by replying to the email stating that you do not wish in the future to receive such information.
Do We Sell, Trade or Disclose Your Personal Information?
MegaToners.com does not disclose, share, sell or trade any personal or individual information that it collects to third parties other than in the course of completing a transaction that you have requested or in response to an investigation involving legal matters. For example, depending on shipping arrangements, we may release your name, e-mail and phone number to the seller, only after you have made a purchase and funds have been collected by MegaToners.com. This is necessary to ensure that shipping and delivery are completed satisfactorily for both the buyer and seller. While we may provide information regarding site usage to third parties, such as traffic reports and sale information, this information will not include any of your personal information.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of data your browser stores on your computer's hard drive. MegaToners.com uses a cookie to customize portions of our site to your preferences. The cookie, by itself, does not tell us (or anyone else) who you are, your email address, or anything else personal. You provide that information when you buy from MegaToners.com and only MegaToners.com has access to that information and we will not share that information with others except in the course of completing the transaction.
How Does MegaToners.com Protect Customer Information?
MegaToners.com uses a secure server on the check out pages. The servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced encryption technology that safeguards your personal information and guarantees privacy.
Links
We keep track of links that appear on our site that you may use to exit our site, but we do not keep track of where you go on the World Wide Web. The Web sites you visit may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of Web sites before providing them with any of your personal information.  MegaToners.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites nor for any cookies those sites may deposit on your hard drive.
About Children
MegaToners.com does not target children nor does MegaToners.com expect to attract children to its site. Because we are not a children's site, we do not provide most of the privacy measures that are so important for their protection on the Internet. Because of this, we ask that minors do not submit information to MegaToners.com without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here for seven (7) days so that you will always know what information we have gathered, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
Our Guarantee|Affiliate Program|Privacy Policy|About Us | Contact Us|Support
Copyright © 1999-2020 Mega Toners, Inc. All rights reserved.
made by