http://www.mediaspec.co.uk/security-and-privacy/
Security And Privacy
01355 272 500
info@mediaspec.co.uk
Online Store
Last updated 24th May 2018
At Mediaspec we respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining it.
This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We recommend that you read this privacy policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.
We will comply with data protection law. This privacy policy says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes. • Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely.
Information we may collect from you:
Information that you provide to us when using this website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use this website, subscribing to our services or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when requesting details for a promotional event.
If you contact us for any reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of transactions through the website to which you are a party and of the fulfillment of your orders.
Information you provide to us when applying through the website for registration, which will typically include your name and contact details.
Details of your visits to the website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources, advertisements and linked sites that you access.
Name, Title and Job Title
Contact information including email address and telephone numbers
Your enquiry/message
Address information
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
Google Analytics
IP address (this also helps us block repeated spam)
We use the information you provide us:
To administer your account. We may disclose your details to our third party service providers for the purpose of processing your order. We DO NOT sell your data to any third parties.
From time to time, to inform you by post, email or other available means, of products, services, promotions and special offers from our retail channel and Mediaspec.
We will only contact you by telephone if there is a query regarding your order.
Your rights with respect to your data
You have the right to request the following:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Cookies Mediaspec uses cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files that are sent from our web server to your browser during your visit to our website that are stored by this on your computer for later retrieval. The purpose of these cookies is to continue to recognize your computer during a visit to our website when switching from one of our websites to another of our websites and to be able to determine the end of your visit.
We also use these technologies to collect usage and preference information about you over time and across different platforms. You can deactivate the use of cookies at any time in the settings of your browser. Please use the help features of your internet browser to find out how to change these settings. Please note that some features of our website may not work if you disable the use of cookies.
In the event that you purchase goods on the Mediaspecs’ website, you may be sent an email requesting whether you would like to review your product.
Credit Card DataMediaspec's Merchant Account allows us to accept credit card information over the internet. All customers who place orders via Mediaspec's website must be the cardholder specified on the card that is used to place the order, and all deliveries must be made to the cardholder's registered address.
To increase security for all our customers, Mediaspec will carry out a security check on all internet credit card transactions. This will ensure that all deliveries are made to the cardholder’s registered address and that the card is valid for transactions.
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
All credit and debit card transactions are processed by Sage Pay. At no point do Mediaspec view the debit/credit card number that is submitted by our online customers.
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Changes to this policy The above may change at any time. We will endeavour to notify you of any major changes but you may wish to check it each time you visit our website.
This website uses cookies. By using our website you agree to our privacy policy.
Understood