http://www.osni.gov.uk/articles/nidirect-web-service-privacy-notice
Skip to content
Coronavirus (COVID-19) information and advice  ... more
You are hereHome › Property and housing › Your neighbourhood, roads and streets
Ordnance Survey of Northern Ireland
Buy OSNI paper maps and digital mapping products online
OSNI Online Map Shop
Create an address centred mapping extract
ACEmap large scale mapping
OSNI product range
Buy OSNI maps and mapping products
OSNI price list
Copyright, licensing and publishing OSNI products
Get permission to  publish OSNI information
How OSNI data is licensed
OSNI Open Data
You can use some OSNI products free
… more
Minecraft NI map
Minecraft fans can create their own world across Northern Ireland
… more
About OSNI
Ordnance Survey history
OSNI and Land & Property Services
Follow OSNI on Twitter
… more
OSNI online helpdesk
Land & Property Services (LPS) has a helpdesk to support customers using the OSNI Online Map Shop
… more
Share this page
Page feedback *
Help improve this page - send your feedback
What do you want to do?
Choose one of the following options: *
leave feedback
ask a question
What is your question about?
Choose a topic for your question: *
- Select -AnglingBenefitsBirth certificatesBlue BadgeCareersCompensation due to a road problemChild MaintenanceCivil partnership certificatesCriminal record checks (AccessNI)Death certificatesEducational Maintenance AllowanceEmployment rightsMarriage certificatesMotoringPassportsPenalty Charge NoticesPensionsPRONI - historical recordsRates or property valuationProblems with roads and streetsSmartpassAsk a question about the site
Do you want a reply?
Choose one of the following options: *
Yes
No
Your email address
Enter a valid email address *
To reply to you, we need your email address
Your feedback
We will not reply to your feedback.  Don't include any personal or financial information, for example National Insurance, credit card numbers, or phone numbers.
This feedback form is for issues with the nidirect website only.
You can use it to report a problem or suggest an improvement to a webpage.
If you have a question about a government service or policy, you should contact the relevant government organisation directly as we don’t have access to information about you held by government departments.
You must be aged 13 years or older - if you’re younger, ask someone with parental responsibility to send the feedback for you.
The nidirect privacy notice applies to any information you send on this feedback form.
Don't include any personal or financial information, for example National Insurance, credit card numbers, or phone numbers.
Enter your feedback *
Plain text only, 750 characters maximum.
Enter your question *
Plain text only, 750 characters maximum.
What to do next
Comments or queries about angling can be emailed to anglingcorrespondence@daera-ni.gov.uk
What to do next
If you have a comment or query about benefits, you will need to contact the government department or agency which handles that benefit.  Contacts for common benefits are listed below.
Carer's Allowance
Call 0800 587 0912Email dcs.incomingpostteamdhc2@nissa.gsi.gov.uk
Discretionary support / Short-term benefit advance
Call 0800 587 2750 Email customerservice.unit@communities-ni.gov.uk
Disability Living Allowance
Call 0800 587 0912 Email dcs.incomingpostteamdhc2@nissa.gsi.gov.uk
Employment and Support Allowance
Call 0800 587 1377
Jobseeker’s Allowance
Contact your local Jobs & Benefits office
Personal Independence Payment
Call 0800 587 0932
If your query is about another benefit, select ‘Other’ from the drop-down menu above.
What to do next
Comments or queries about the Blue Badge scheme can be emailed to bluebadges@infrastructure-ni.gov.uk or you can also call 0300 200 7818.
What to do next
For queries or advice about careers, contact the Careers Service.
What to do next
For queries or advice about Child Maintenance, contact the Child Maintenance Service.
What to do next
For queries or advice about claiming compensation due to a road problem, contact DFI Roads claim unit.
What to do next
For queries or advice about criminal record checks, email ani@accessni.gov.uk
What to do next
Application and payment queries can be emailed to ema_ni@slc.co.uk
What to do next
For queries or advice about employment rights, contact the Labour Relations Agency.
What to do next
For queries or advice about birth, death, marriage and civil partnership certificates and research, contact the General Register Office Northern Ireland (GRONI) by email gro_nisra@finance-ni.gov.uk
What to do next
For queries about:
Car tax, vehicle registration and SORNcontact the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA), Swansea
Driver licensing and tests, MOT and vehicle testingcontact the Driver & Vehicle Agency (DVA), Northern Ireland
If your query is about another topic, select ‘Other’ from the drop-down menu above.
What to do next
For queries or advice about passports, contact HM Passport Office.
What to do next
For queries or advice about Penalty Charge Notices (PCNs), including parking tickets and bus lane PCNs, email dcu@infrastructure-ni.gov.uk
What to do next
For queries or advice about pensions, contact the Northern Ireland Pension Centre.
What to do next
If you wish to report a problem with a road or street you can do so online in this section.
If you wish to check on a problem or fault you have already reported, contact DfI Roads.
What to do next
For queries or advice about historical, social or cultural records relating to Northern Ireland, use the Public Record Office of Northern Ireland (PRONI) enquiry service.
What to do next
For queries or advice about rates, email:rating@lpsni.gov.uk
For queries or advice about property valuation, email:valuation@lpsni.gov.uk
For queries or advice about land registry, email:CustomerInformation.LandRegistration@finance-ni.gov.uk
For mapping queries, email:Mapping.Helpdesk@finance-ni.gov.uk
What to do next
For queries or advice about  60+ and Senior Citizen SmartPasses (which can be used to get concessionary travel on public transport), contact Smartpass - Translink.
Extra comments (optional)