http://www.metaquest.com/content/company/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when using this website. By using this website, you consent to us processing your data and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
About us
We are Vector Networks Technologies Ltd, Vector Networks Inc, MetaQuest Software and Vector Networks Research.
This privacy policy applies to our holding company and other subsidiaries listed above.
For more information about us please see the Company \ Contact Us page of this website.
What information we collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. For example, when you register to trial our products, request pricing or receive our newsletter.
Details of your visits to our websites and the resources that you access including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblog statistics and other communication data.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with the best service possible. We may use the information for the following purposes:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may use the information to provide you with information requested from us relating to our products or services. For example, assisting you with a trial, providing pricing information or technical support.
If you have consented to receive such information, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting.
If you are a customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
We may use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Third Parties
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and will not sell any information you provide to third parties.
To ensure that we can provide you with the best service possible we may disclose your information to third parties for the following purposes:
If you consent for us to do so, we may provide your information to a specialist partner / reseller. For example, if you are located in a country for which we have a third party reseller local to you, we may ask if you would like to be assisted by that reseller.
To provide you with requested services. A third party data processor may process your information to enable us to provide services you have requested from us. For example, delivery of promotional emails.
Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
Links to other websites
You may find links to third party websites on our Website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your device. Cookies help us analyse web traffic and tailor the sites operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Third party advertisers may use cookies for analytics purposes and to provide you with relevant adverts on third party sites.
Services delivered via the website such as video or embedded content from external providers may also place cookies on your device.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis.
By continuing to use this site you are deemed to be consenting to the website placing cookies on your device.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
We provide you with the ability to consent to receive promotional material from us when submitting your personal information to us using web forms.
If you have consented to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by clicking the Unsubscribe link in emails from us or by contacting us directly.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee may be payable to cover our administration costs.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
You may request that we delete personal information we hold about you.
If you would like to make such a request or have any questions regarding your data please email DPO@vector-networks.com
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it. If at any point we decide to use personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.