https://www.offtek.co.uk/help-and-faqs/laptop-ram/laptop-memory-installation-guide
Coronavirus Status – We Are Open And Shipping Orders
Home Page ›
Help and FAQs ›
Laptop FAQ ›
How to upgrade your laptops memory
Help
New to OFFTEK
Manage your Account
Manage your Orders
Returns, refunds and payment methods
Product Questions
OFFTEK policies
Memory Questions
Delivery Queries
Flash cards/Card Reader Questions
Dram FAQ
Desktop FAQ
Laptop FAQ
Dell FAQ
Other Links
About
Site Map
Help & FAQ
Blog
Laptop Memory Upgrades
How to upgrade your laptops memory
Once you have located the correct memory for your laptop it has arrived in the post you need to know exactly how to install your new laptop ram.  Use our simple step by step guide below to show you exactly how to safely install your new upgrade.
Tools Require
New memory upgrade(s)
Non-magnetic-tip Screwdriver
Installing your new laptop memory upgrade.
1. Power down the laptop and turn the laptop over so you can get to the compartments on the base of the machine.
2. Remove the battery and then press the power button again to ensure that all power has been discharged from the laptop.
3. Locate the memory compartment (this is normally indicated on the base of the laptop) and unscrew the panel to allow you to see the current installed memory.
4. If you are adding to current memory and have a spare slot into which you can install the new memory upgrade then insert the module at a 30 degree angle and push the module down firmly but gently into the slot until the security latches on the sockets have locked into place on each side of the module
5. If you do not have any spare slots you will have to remove one of your original memory modules.  In order to do this place your index fingers either side of the installed memory module on the metal clips currently holding the memory in place.  Simultaneously push the metal clips away from the memory upgrade and you will find that the ram module will pop out towards you.  Pull the memory upgrade out of the slot and then repeat step 4 in order to upgrade.
6. Replace the memory cover and reattach cables/battery and peripherals.
7. Upon booting you may receive a screen informing you that the memory on the machine has been changed.  If so follow the instructions on screen to confirm that the change in memory is correct.
If the memory is not recognised by the machine then please see our Troubleshooting guides.
It is simple as that!
×
Contact form for the Privacy Officer
You can contact the Offtek Privacy Officer at any point should you have any queries relating to our "Privacy Policy".
This form allows you execute your right to be forgotten. You have the right to object to our use of your personal data, or ask us to view, edit, remove or stop using it if there is no need for us to keep it.
In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
If you request removal of your personal information, we may as detailed within our Privacy Policy be required to retain some of your data for a minimum period.
First Name
Last Name
Company Name(if Applicable)
Email Address
Enquiry
We will only use your details to provide a response and/or to complete your request.
By submitting this form you confirm you are aged 16 years or older and agree to our Privacy & Cookies Policy and Terms & Conditions. Submit