http://www.iqms.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Home
› IQMS Privacy Policy
IQMS Website Privacy Statement
1. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
IQMS is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing IQMS at www.iqms.com, you acknowledge and fully understand IQMS' Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this website Privacy Statement.
2. PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in IQMS services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude toward consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
IQMS collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our web server logs, the user, and with cookies. When we do this we are the ‘controller’ of this information for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable data protection laws.
a. Web Server Logs
When you visit our website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
b. Use of Cookies
IQMS may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
IQMS reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into iqms.com a site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our website.
c. Personal Information Users
Visitors to our website can register to receive products and other user services. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or other relevant information. If you are registering for a service, we may request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. For other types of registrations, we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability.
To respond to legal process or comply with law.
In connection with a merger, acquisition or liquidation of the company.
d. How Long Do We Keep Your Data
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your personal information is only retained for as long as it is needed.
Personal information is retained for marketing purposes until you opt-out of communications or you specifically ask us to delete such information. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created or the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us.
e. Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have a number of important rights that you can exercise free of charge. In summary, these rights are:
Transparency over how we use your personal data and fair processing of your information;
Access to your personal information and other supplementary information;
Require us to correct any mistakes or complete missing information we hold on you;
Require us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances;
Receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us or have this information be sent to a third party, this will be provided to you or the third party in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format;
Object at any time to processing of your personal information for direct marketing;
Object in certain other situations to the continued processing of your personal information;
Restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances;
Request not to be subject to automated decision making which produce legal effects that concern you or affect you in a significantly similar way;
If you want more information about your rights under the GDPR please see the Guidance from the Information Commissioners Office on Individual's rights under the GDPR.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please:
Email, call our write to our Data Protection Manager
Provide additional information so that we can identify you including company name and location.  We may need to contact you to request further information to verify your identity;
Let us have proof of your identity and address;
State the right or rights that you wish to exercise;
We will respond to you within one month from when we receive your request. Please note if you wish to unsubscribe from any email you can do so by following the instructions here - www.iqms.com/privacy-policy/unsubscribe/. It may take up to 30 days for this to become effective.
We hope that you are happy with our service and that we or our Data Protection Manager can resolve any issues or complaints that arise. Please get in touch if you have any concerns.
f. Complaints
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where the alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The UK supervisory authority if the Information Commissioner’s Office who can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
g. Security
We use a variety of encryption and security technologies and procedures to help protect your User Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
h. Future Processing
We do not intend to process your personal information for any reason other than stated within this privacy notice. If this changes, we will inform you by by email.
4. USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
IQMS and www.iqms.com web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes also called single-pixel gifs - that allow IQMS to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. IQMS may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. IQMS prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
5. ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review this information by sending an email to info@iqms.com.
6. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
IQMS has the discretion to occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will also revise the "updated" date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
7. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us at info@iqms.com.
IQMS
Attention: Privacy Personnel
2231 Wisteria Lane
Paso Robles, CA 93446
IQMS will use reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
(Updated May 24, 2018)
Product Videos
IQMS Manufacturing and ERP product videos.Watch Now!