http://www.topfreestuff.co.uk/privacy-policy.shtml
FREE
Stuff Online
Webmaster
Resources, Online Tools and lots of Free Stuff
Additions
| Content
| Databases | Domains
| Make Money | Free
Web Templates | Fonts
| Sounds | Tutorials
| Graphics | E-Commerce
| Web Hosting | Articles
| SEO Tools
Navigation
Additions
Free Website Content
Databases
Domains
Make Money from your Website
E-Commerce
Free Fonts
Free Graphics
HTML Tools
Website Promotion
Scripts
Site Maintenance
Free Sounds
Free Web Templates
Free Tutorials
Free Web Hosting
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Below we set out our privacy policy which will govern the way
in which we process any personal information that you provide
to us. We will notify you if the way in which we process your
information is to change at any time. You can access our home
page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data
save information collected by cookies that we may use (see below).
Who may process data
Your personal information (which includes your name, address
and any other details you provide to us which concern you as
an individual) may be processed both by us and by other companies
within our group. Processing your information as mentioned above
will be done in accordance with this privacy policy and with
your authorisation by email in each case.
Purpose of processing
We will use your information for the process of arranging consultation
times and dates with you to discuss projects. If you have opted
in for newsletter when registering with www.topfreestuff.co.uk, we will inform you on updates on our services in the form
of an occasional email newsletters.
Disclosure of information
Your personal information will not be provided to any third
parties without your express permission. We may use aggregate
information for statistical analysis and these statistics may
be made public at our discretion.
In the unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver
is appointed over us or all or any part of our assets that insolvency
practitioner may, transfer your information to a third party
purchaser of the business provided that purchaser undertakes
to use your information only for the same purposes as set out
in this policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information created by your browser
using information sent from a website so it can later be read
back from that browser. This is useful for having the browser
remember some specific information. When you visit some areas
of our website, a temporary cookie may be used. The cookie is
only active during your current visit to our website and is
not stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use a temporary
cookie to verify who you are while using our website, this cookie
can only be used by our website. Cookies cannot be executed
as code or deliver viruses. In order to access some areas of
our website you must have cookies enabled.
Security measures
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures
to protect the personal data that we have under our control
from unauthorised access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorised
destruction or accidental loss.
Access to information
You may ask us whether we are storing personal information about
you by emailing us at enquiries@topfreestuff.co.uk and, if you wish,
we will provide you with a copy of the personal data we hold
about you by email. We may ask for proof of your identity before
providing any information and reserve the right to refuse to
provide information requested if identity is not established.
www.topfreestuff.co.uk does not disclose user information
to third parties, unless permitted by the user. Please rest
assured that those companies and individuals who have access
to any such personal information are not permitted to use this
information for any other purposes and they are required to
process any such data in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1998. Your personal details will remain private and confidential.
We do not sell mailing lists to other companies, or divulge
any of your personal details to other companies or individuals.
We may include links on www.topfreestuff.co.uk to other companies’
sites. www.topfreestuff.co.uk is not responsible for the privacy
policies and content of those sites.
Webmaster Tools
PageRank Prediction
Tool
Link Popularity
Google
Keyword Suggestion Tool
Keyword Density
Checker / Analyser
Visual Pagerank
Meta Tag Analyser
Latest Virus Information
Contact
Us | Links | SEO
Tools | Newsletter | Sitemap
| Terms of Use | Privacy
Policy
©
FREE Stuff Online 1999-2013