https://www.firstlink.com/privacy
F
I
R
S
T
L
I
N
K
Privacy Policy
The Company’s policies and procedures for handling client information have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, the Company’s policies and procedures are subject to change.
In the course of serving its clients, the Company acquires, stores and transmits client communications and information that clients may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information – such as the client’s name, address, telephone number, and credit card data – is provided to the Company by its clients in order to establish service. Other information – such as the client’s account status, choice of services, and client logs – is created and maintained by the Company in the normal course of providing service. The Company also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on a user’s computer for various reasons. For example, the Company uses cookies on the landing pages of products sold online which record the client information that is required on the order form. This information is then forwarded to an internal sales tracking database. In addition, the Company may store clients’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
Data Security
The Company will protect the confidentiality of its clients’ information, account information and personal communications to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law and the legitimate interests of the Company, its partners, its employees and other clients of the Company’s services. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from clients, the Company has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place.
How is client information used?
The Company may share client information with selected partners, for example, to provide clients with information about products, which might be of interest to the client, or to enable the client to take advantage of special partner programs. The Company may also use client information to provide its clients with system information or information about new or upgraded products.
Opt Out & Modifications
Clients may opt out of receiving notices of new or upgraded products from the Company and its partners by sending a request to privacy@firstlink.com. In this request to privacy@firstlink.com , clients must identify: service purchased from the Company, domain name (if applicable), contact information, and the date the service was purchased. However, clients may not opt out of receiving information from the Company, which is essential for maintaining or updating clients’ accounts or system information.
All clients may access and modify their personal information by contacting the billing department at billing@firstlink.com.
Domain name clients, who have registered a domain name with the Company and wish to change the Technical Contact from First Link Technology, Inc. to another company, may send a request to the Company at hostmaster@firstlink.com. It is important to note that client domain name registration information is made publicly available in the registry of domain names.
Disclosure of client information and communications
The Company will not otherwise disclose its clients’ personal and account information unless the Company has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of the Company, its clients, or third parties, or where the Company has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
The Company also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that the Company stores or transmits for its clients. The circumstances under which the Company will disclose such electronic client communications are when:
It is necessary in order to provide service to the client;
It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company and its clients;
It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that the Company determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and
It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by the Company and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
The Company disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by clients or others. The Company will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm the Company, its clients or third parties. The grounds on which the Company may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of First Link Technology, Inc.’s Acceptable Use Policy.