https://www.travelingcoaches.com/cookie-policy
Home
About
Products & Services
LegalMind Learning Solution
OnGuard Security Awareness
Respectful Workplace Program
Manager Development Program
Technology Training & Support
Certified Legal Trainer Program & LEAP
iManage Services
NetDocuments Services
Thoughts
Upcoming Events
Careers
Contract Trainer
Marketing Team Lead
Account Executive
Virtual Trainer
Contact Us
Welcome to the Traveling Coaches Cookie Policy.Your privacy is important to Traveling Coaches, Inc. (“Traveling Coaches,” “we,” “us,” and our”). We use cookies to collect information about your activity, or activity on devices associated with you, on our websites that link to this Cookie Policy, www.travelingcoaches.com (the “Site”) and www.travelingcoaches.lmscheckout.com (the “LegalMind® Personal Learning Portal,” or the “Portal”) (collectively, the “Websites”). This Cookie Policy supplements our Privacy Notice. By using our Websites, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Policy.What are Cookies?A cookie is a text file which is stored on your computer or other device that allows us to distinguish you from other users of the Websites. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser deletes them or until they expire.Why do we use Cookies?Cookies can help us to provide you with a more relevant experience when you browse the Websites. Additionally, we utilize cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how you and other users interact with the Websites, and to improve the functionality and performance of the Websites.Some cookies are set by us (first party cookies) and they can only be read by us; while some cookies are set by another party’s website (third party cookies). However, we do not allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.What types of Cookies does Traveling Coaches use?Traveling Coaches employs several types of cookies, including:Essential Cookies: These first- and third-party cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the Websites function. You can change your browser settings to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Websites will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance of our Site, but are not essential to its use. The data gathered may be used to help optimize the Site and make it more user-friendly. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow our Websites to remember choices you make while browsing. They may also be used to keep track of what featured products have been viewed. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Analytics Cookies: We use “Google Analytics” to collect information about your use of the Websites, such as how often you visit the Websites, what pages you visit, and what other websites you used prior to coming to our Websites. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our Websites, rather than your name or other identifying information. Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Websites. This cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google, Inc. We use the information received from Google Analytics only to improve services on our Websites. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Websites is restricted by the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Website by disabling the Google Analytics cookie on your browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).How do you manage cookies or opt out of interest-based targeting?Some people prefer not to allow cookies, which is why most browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit you. In some browsers you can set up rules to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis, giving you more fine-grained control over your privacy. What this means is that you can disallow cookies from all sites except those that you trust.Web browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.Google Chrome | Microsoft Edge | Internet Explorer | Mozilla Firefox | Safari (Desktop) | Opera | Safari (Mobile) | Opera Mobile | Android BrowserFor other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.You can opt out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad servers through the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://youradchoices.com). In addition, on your iPhone, iPad or Android, you can change your device settings to control whether you see online interest-based ads.If you limit the ability of websites and applications to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience and/or lose the ability to access the services, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings, like login information.This Cookies Policy does not cover third-party websites.This Cookies Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of third party websites which may be linked to or accessible through the Websites.Changes to the Cookies Policy.We may update this Cookies Policy and Traveling Coaches invites you to review the policy from time to time to stay informed about our use of cookies.Contacting Us.If there are any questions regarding this Cookie Policy or the information that we collect about you, you may contact us at privacy@travelingcoaches.com.Thank you for reading the Traveling Coaches Cookie Policy.
Read Our Blog & Articles
Webinar Recording
How to Maximize User Adoption for Your New Document Management System
Webinar Recording
Webinar Recording
Coaches Corner Blog
User Adoption Part 3 of 3: Recognizing 4 Potential Red Flags
Coaches Corner Blog
Coaches Corner Blog
Help TC Give Back
Learn more about our charity work across our local and global communities. Join us in giving back!STAY INFORMED ABOUT TCSubscribe to receive our latest news, product updates and promotions.
Sign Me Up!