http://www.cdrlabs.com/website/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
CDRLabs has a firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website ("CDRLabs").
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
This site makes forums available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All personal data is kept in a non-web accessible directory.
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can send email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
This site gives users the option to change and modify information previously provided, simply by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
No information is sold or released to anyone about visitors to this site without consent. In other words, no information is released to anyone unless you tell us it is OK.
Aggregate reports for web site visitors are generated. These reports do not contain any personally identifiable information.
Internet 'cookies' are not used except in the forum for the purpose of distinguishing new messages.
When visiting any Internet site your unique address called an "IP address" is recorded. CDRLabs does not release any information about the collection of this address to any third party. CDRLabs archives the log files in order to create aggregate statistical reports, detect errors at the web site, and for security reasons. IP reports for advertisement clicks are shared with the advertiser. However, they usually have this information already since it is captured by their server when you click an ad. No additional information associated with any specific user is provided to the advertiser.
Latest Reviews
Western Digital WD_BLACK SN850 1TB NVMe PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive
Silicon Power US70 1TB M.2 PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive
ADATA XPG GAMMIX S50 Lite 1TB PCIe 4.0 M.2 Solid State Drive
SecureUSB BT Encrypted Flash Drive
Silicon Power UD70 2TB M.2 PCIe Solid State Drive
Samsung PRO Plus and EVO Plus SD Memory Cards
Crucial P2 500GB PCIe M.2 Solid State Drive
SK hynix Gold P31 1TB PCIe M.2 Solid State Drive
Latest Headlines
QNAP Launches Quad-core 8-bay TS-832PX NAS For High-speed Office Applications
TEAMGROUP Launches DARK Z FPS Gaming Memory And Cardea IOPS Gaming PCIe SSD
Vinpower Digital Announces Release Of Exclusive Pioneer BDR-212V Drive
Mushkin Unveils 8TB ALPHA Series NVMe SSD
QNAP Launches Quad-core 9-bay TS-h973AX QuTS hero NAS
PNY Announces 1TB PRO Elite SDXC Flash Memory Card
SK hynix Unveils The Industry’s Most Multilayered 176-Layer 4D NAND Flash
QNAP Unveils 12-bay And 16-bay TL SAS 12Gb/s JBOD Series