https://www.commercialnetworkservices.com/cns-privacy-policy/
CNS Privacy Policy
Commercial Network Services privacy policy.  Updated September 14, 2017.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or login to your hosted services.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What information do we collect from Anonymous VPN subscribers?
We collect information from you when you register for the service.  This is necessary in order to provide you with technical support and service your account.  We do not collect information relating to your online activity when you utilize our “AnonymousVPN” and “Anonymous with TOR” hubs.  However, we do collect information from you when you connect to these services so we can authenticate your account.  We operate real time sensors looking for abuse, such as DDoS attacks and may collect logs if we believe a user is using the service to attack other networks so that we can respond appropriately.  We will collect logs and assist law enforcement in apprehension of users who we reasonably believe are a threat to the general public due to acts of terrorism, child pornography, kidnapping or murder.  We generally will not get involved for other alleged offenses, but may terminate those accounts without notice – if we are able to identify them – to avoid a legal battle with a government agency.
We do maintain connection logs to our “Anonymous_Pub_Static_IP” hub.  These logs are primarily kept to accommodate our corporate users policy. However, they will only be released to the account owner or by subpoena from a law enforcement agency of proper jurisdiction.  In any case, these logs are purged every 30 days.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website and our services
(we continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To monitor the health and performance of our network, and to respond to technical support tickets
• To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to process your renewal subscriptions and maintain records required by law.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. We will typically only disclose your PII to law enforcement if we believe our services are being used to facilitate a serious crime, such as acts of terrorism, child pornography, kidnapping or murder.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘My Details’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website athttps://www.commercialnetworkservices.com/customerservice/sla.htm
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on September 14, 2017.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.CommercialNetworkServices.com/CustomerService
4876 Santa Monica Avenue #111
San Diego, California 92107
USA
Please open a support ticket at our helpdesk if you have any questions.