http://www.ccl.co.uk/about-us/cookies-policy
01962 600666 07714 295510 sales@ccl.co.ukMon - Fri 8:00 - 17.30
Cookies Policy
Cookies policy
Introduction
Our website uses cookies.
Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
Credit
This document was created by SEQ Legal on behalf of CCL.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes: (a) authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website. (cookies used for this purpose are: session cookies including cpsession and session-id); (b) status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website. (cookies used for this purpose are: session cookies including cpsession and session-id); (c) personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you (cookies used for this purpose are: reDimCookieHint & session cookies); (d) advertising - we may use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you (cookies used for this purpose are: not currently in use); (e) analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: _ga, _gat & _gid); and (f) cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally (cookies used for this purpose are: reDimCookieHint & CONSENT).
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: _ga, _gat & _gid.
We may wish to publish Google AdSense advertisements on our website. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using cookies. This behaviour tracking allows Google to tailor the advertisements that you see on other websites to reflect your interests (but we do not publish interest-based advertisements on our website). You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996. The relevant cookies are: not currently in use.
We use Chat 4 Support to provide a live chat service. This service uses cookies for tracking the session and identifying you during our conversation. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at http://chat4support.com/PrivacyPolicy.asp. The relevant cookies are: ASP.NET_SessionId web.chat4support.com & ASP.NET_SessionId www.chat4support.com.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).[additional list items]
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Cookie preferences
You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting: [URL]
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Computer Communications Limited (CCL).
We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 01138339, and our registered office is at 24 Picton House, Hussar Court Westside View, Waterlooville, Hampshire, PO7 7SQ.
Our principal place of business is at Suite 230, 80 High Street, Winchester, SO23 9AT.
You can contact us:(a) by post, to Suite 230, 80 High Street, Winchester, SO23 9AT;(b) using our website contact form;(c) by telephone, on 01962 600666; or(d) by email, using This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Catalogue Search
Search
Catalogue Filter
Manufacturer
No ManufacturerBarracuda (31)Dell (40)EMC (28)HP (55)Lenovo (19)RSA (1)Sun (1)
Category
No CategoryTower Servers (3)Rackmount Servers (43)Network Storage (91)Blade Servers (6)Security (11)Barracuda Web Appliance (31)
Search
Manufacturers
Barracuda
Dell
EMC
HP
LENOVO
SUN
REQUEST A QUOTE
Quick Links
Home Products Maintenance IT Services About Us Contact Us
Quick Search
Manufacturer
No ManufacturerBarracuda (31)Dell (40)EMC (28)HP (55)Lenovo (19)RSA (1)Sun (1)
Category
No CategoryTower Servers (3)Rackmount Servers (43)Network Storage (91)Blade Servers (6)Security (11)Barracuda Web Appliance (31)
Search
Pricing
We have a vast selection of servers and storage from HP, Dell, Lenovo, Sun and EMC which can be configured to meet the system you require by clicking the button below or emailing us direct on sales@ccl.co.uk and input the model and configuration you require or use the form to Contact Us.
Contact CCL
Suite 230, 80 High Street, Winchester, SO23 9AT
01962 600666
sales@ccl.co.uk
Mon - Fri 8:00 - 17.30
REQUEST A QUOTE
REQUEST A QUOTE
Home Products Manufacturer
Dell HP Lenovo EMC RSA Barracuda By Type
Rack Mount Servers Blade Servers Barracuda Web Appliance Tower Servers Network Storage Maintenance IT Services About Us Testimonials Why Refurbished Clients Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice Cookies Policy Site Map Contact Us
Search
Server Search
Manufacturer
No ManufacturerBarracuda (31)Dell (40)EMC (28)HP (55)Lenovo (19)RSA (1)Sun (1)
Category
No CategoryTower Servers (3)Rackmount Servers (43)Network Storage (91)Blade Servers (6)Security (11)Barracuda Web Appliance (31)