https://www.wandisco.com/privacy-policy
Products
Products
Get Started
Try WANdisco
Product Guides
LiveCode
Git Binaries
Subversion Binaries
LiveData Cloud Services
LiveData Migrator
LiveData Plane
LiveData for MultiCloud
Technology Platform
LiveData Cloud Services for Azure
LiveData Migrator for Azure
Azure Metered Billing Calculator
LiveData Plane for Azure
LiveData Plugins
LiveData Ranger
LiveData Sentry
LiveData Hive
LiveData Backup
LiveData for Databricks
DATA SHEET
WANdisco LiveData Migrator
Download Data Sheet
Use Cases
Use Cases
Cloud Data Migration
Cloud Analytics
Hybrid Cloud
MultiCloud
Disaster Recovery
Intra Cloud Migration
Industry Use Cases
Automotive
Developer
Collaboration
Entertainment
Financial
Services
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Telecommunications
Utilities
Customers
GoDaddy
AMD
Daimler
Envestnet | Yodlee
HM Health Solutions
Juniper
University of Sheffield
CASE STUDY
WANdisco Customer Case Studies
Download Case Study
Partners
Partners
Partner Overview
Become a
Partner
Partner Resources
About our Partners
Partner Network
Platforms
OEM
ISV's
System
Integrators
Value-added
Resellers
Distributors
Featured
Partners
Microsoft Azure
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Databricks
IBM Big Replicate
Oracle
WHITE PAPER
Hadoop Migration Made Simple
Download White Paper
Company
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Customers & Case Studies
Blog
Developers Blog
Careers
Investors
Investors
Overview
Highlights
Regulatory News
Reports and Presentations
Business Model
Analyst Coverage
Business Strategy
Share Price Information
Board of Directors
Latest News &
Events
Newsroom
Events
EBOOK
Hadoop Data Migration Benchmark Report
Download
eBook
Resources
Resources
Resource Library
Product Guides
Blog
Resource Library
Case Studies
Data Sheets
eBooks
Infographics
Solution Briefs
Videos
White Papers
Customers & Case Studies
AMD
Daimler
Envestnet | Yodlee
HM Health Solutions
Juniper
University of Sheffield
DATA SHEET
WANdisco LiveData Platform
Download Data Sheet
Support
Search
search
Try WANdisco
PRIVACY SHIELD & GDPR
POLICY
Privacy statement and summary
This Privacy Shield and GDPR Policy
(this “Policy”) applies to all personal information
received by WANdisco in the United States from the
European Economic Area (EEA) (which includes the Member
States of the European Union (EU) plus Iceland,
Liechtenstein and Norway) and Switzerland. This Policy
sets out our practices for collecting, using,
maintaining, protecting and disclosing that personal
information in accordance with the Privacy Shield
Framework Principles and the General Data Protection
Regulation.
Thank you for visiting WANdisco.com.
Your privacy is important to us. To protect your
privacy and help you to make informed choices, we
provide this notice explaining our information
practices, how you can choose how we use your data, and
your rights in relation to your data.
In brief, we will only use your
information:
to provide services that you or your
organisation have requested; or
where you have consented to us doing
so.
This is explained in more detail
below.
We do not routinely sell or licence
your personal data to anybody, and we only use your
personal data as described in this Privacy
Notice.
About us
This site is operated by WANdisco,
Inc., WANdisco International Ltd and WANdisco, PLC.
(each and together, "WANdisco"). We are jointly
headquartered in the US and the UK:
US HQ
5000 Executive Parkway
Suite 270
San Ramon
CA 94583
T +1 925 380 1728
F +1 866 247 7584
info@wandisco.com
UK HQ
13 Angel Street
Sheffield
S3 8LN
T +44 114 3039985
emea@wandisco.com
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 1998, we
are registered as a data controller with the UK
Information Commissioner's Office under registration
number Z3043345.
PRIVACY SHIELD
WANdisco complies with the US-EU and
US-Swiss Privacy Shield as set forth by the US
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use,
and retention of personal information from EEA member
countries and Switzerland. To learn more about the
Privacy Shield program, visit https://privacyshield.gov.
WANdisco has certified that it adheres to the Privacy
Shield Framework Principles, which are the basis for
the principles of this Policy. To learn more about the
Privacy Shield program, and to view WANdisco’s
certification, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov
EU GENERAL DATA PROTECTION
REGULATION (GDPR)
WANdisco complies with the GDPR
requirements regarding the collection, use, and
retention of personal data from EU member
countries.
The information we collect and how we
use it
Personal information you provide to
us
When you have requested
services
You may provide us with your
information when you order products or services; enter
contests; vote in polls or otherwise express an
opinion; subscribe to one of our services such as our
online newsletters; download our binaries from our
website, request a free trial of our products, fill in
a form on our website, or participate in an online
forum or community. You may also provide us with
information about yourself if you correspond or
otherwise interact with us on behalf of an
organization.
We will use this information in order
to fulfill your (or your organization's) requests for
our products and services, and to respond to your
inquiries. To this extent, we process your information
in the performance of the contract between us and as
part of our general business operations. If you do not
provide us with the necessary personal data, we may not
be able to provide the requested services to you and/or
your organisation.
Marketing and advertising
We will only process your information
in order to offer you other products or services that
we believe may be of interest to you.
You can choose to unsubscribe from our
marketing emails at any time by clicking the
'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the email, or by
emailing us at marketing@wandisco.com. If you do so, we
will not send you any more marketing messages, although
the messages we sent you prior to unsubscribing will
still be lawful.
Information provided to us by your
organization
If we provide services to your
organization, your organization may send us information
about you. This may include information such as your
name, work address, e-mail address, job title,
telephone number, fax number and information about your
interests in and use of various products, programs, and
services. We will use this information in order to
provide the services we have agreed with your
organization.
We will process this information in
order to perform the contract agreed between us and
your organization. It is also important for us to have
sufficient information to perform our services and
administer our business effectively.
Information that is collected
automatically
We, and our partners and vendors, may
collect certain information automatically when you
visit many of our web pages or when you use our
software and services, such as the type of browser you
are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape), the type
of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 98 or
Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service
provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink), the IP
address of your computer, the amount and type of data
replicated, and other information related to your use
of our software and services.  We use this
automatically-collected information to improve the
design and content of our site and our software and
services. We may also use this information in the
aggregate (i.e. in a way that does not identify you) to
analyze usage of our site, software and services,
including through our partners and vendors.  We
may also use this information to provide advertisements
to you and for our own marketing purposes.
Many of our web pages use 'cookies'.
Cookies are text files we place in your computer's
browser to store your preferences. We use cookies to
understand site usage and to improve the content and
offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies
to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g.,
to recognize you by name when you return to our site),
and save your password in password-protected
areas.
We use the following cookies:
Google Tag Manager
Facebook
Lead - Contact Specialist
Facebook Pixel Base Code
Kickfire.com
LinkedIn Insight
Universal Analytics
Hushly
We also use our own cookies
from wandisco.com,
or svnforum.org (and
hadoop-forum / gitforums ) to facilitate login
etc.
We collect and process this
automatically-collected information because it is in
our interests as a business to make sure that our
website functions smoothly and effectively. If you
reject our site's cookies, or have turned cookies off
in your browser, you will still be able to use the
site, but you may find that the site does not function
optimally or that certain aspects of its functionality
are impaired.
Where WANdisco receives personal
information from its subsidiaries, affiliates or other
entities in the EEA or Switzerland, WANdisco will use
that information in accordance with the notices those
entities provided to the individuals to whom that
personal information relates and the choices made by
those individuals.
Communications about our
services
If you have registered an account with
us (either on your own behalf or on behalf of an
organization), we may use your personal data to provide
you with certain communications such as service
announcements and administrative messages. These
communications are considered part of the services that
you (or your organization) have requested from us and
you cannot opt out of these emails.
Disclosing information to third
parties
Service providers
We will share your personal
information with our trusted third party service
providers where we need to do so in order to provide
you (our your organization) with the services you have
requested, or where necessary for our legitimate
business administration purposes. Such third parties
include our payment processor; the company that
provides our client record management tools; our
mailing list administration software; our lead
management service provider; our partners and vendors
who make our software and services available to you and
your organization.
In accordance with the law; Protection
of WANdisco’s rights
On rare occasions, we may release
personal data when we believe in good faith that
release is necessary to comply with the law, regulation
or legal request; to enforce or apply our conditions of
use and other agreements; to protect national security;
or protect the rights, property, or safety of WANdisco,
our employees, our users, or others, including to
prevent fraud or abuse.
Disclosure of non-personally
identifying (anonymous/anonymized) information
We may disclose your non-personally
identifying information to third parties. We may share
with third parties, anonymized information in the
aggregate for the purpose of improving the Service and
for business and administrative purposes. We do not
sell, trade or rent your personal information to third
parties.
Business transfers
In some cases, we may choose to buy or
sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer
information is typically one of the business assets
that are transferred. If WANdisco or substantially all
of its assets were acquired (such as through a merger
or acquisition), or in the unlikely event that WANdisco
goes out of business or enters bankruptcy or is
dissolved or otherwise reorganised, customer
information would be one of the assets that is
transferred to or acquired by a third party. In any of
these events, we consider that it would be in the
legitimate interests of WANdisco (or our creditors or
transferee(s)) that the relevant customer information
be transferred.
Onward transfers
We may permit certain trusted third
party companies and individuals to access your
information in connection with their performance of
services to help us maintain, operate, analyze, and
improve the Service, including but not limited to data
storage, maintenance services, database management, web
analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the
Service’s features. These third parties may have access
to your personal information only for purposes of
performing these tasks on our behalf. WANdisco obtains
assurances from these third parties that they will
safeguard personal information consistently with this
Policy. Appropriate assurances are obtained under
contract obligating the third party to provide at least
the same level of protection as is required by the
relevant Privacy Shield Framework Principles and the
GDPR. These contracts will require the third party to
notify WANdisco if the third party determines that it
cannot meet its contractual obligations regarding data
use and data protection.  WANdisco complies with
the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers
of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including
the onward transfer liability provisions.
Data storage, security and
transmission
WANdisco takes reasonable precautions
to protect personal information in its possession.
WANdisco has put in place appropriate physical,
technical and administrative safeguards to secure the
information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or
disclosure, alteration, or destruction. WANdisco has in
place appropriate physical, technical and
administrative safeguards to: (a) ensure the
confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience
of processing systems and services; (b) restore the
availability and access to personal data in the event
of a physical or technical incident; and (c) test,
assess and evaluate the effectiveness of the security
measures.
Agents and contractors of WANdisco who
have access to personal information are required to
protect this information in a manner that is consistent
with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not using the
information for any purpose other than to carry out the
services they are performing for WANdisco.
Unfortunately, the transmission of
information via the Internet is not completely secure.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard
against unauthorized disclosures of information, we
cannot guarantee the security of your data, and
unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software
failure, and other factors, may compromise the security
of user information at any time.
Third party websites
Our site contains links to other
sites, and our services may be offered by partners or
vendors, whose information practices may be different
than ours. Please consult all third party sites'
privacy notices as we have no control over information
that is submitted to, or collected by, third
parties.
How long we keep your personally
identifying information
We will retain your information for as
long as your account is active or as needed to comply
with applicable federal and state laws. If you delete
your account, we may retain and use your information
only as allowed by law to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will
try to delete your information as quickly as possible
upon request. Please note, however, that there might be
a delay in deleting information from our servers. Any
information that remains will continue to be protected
by WANdisco under the terms of this Privacy Shield and
GDPR Policy.
Children
We do not knowingly market or provide
our services to children, and our services (including
this website) are not designed for use by persons under
18 years old. Children under 18 are not allowed to
register with or use our services, or to submit
personal data to us. If we discover that we have
collected personal information from a child under 18,
we will delete that information as soon as reasonably
possible. If you believe that we might have any
information from a person under age 18, please contact
us at marketing@wandisco.com.
Your rights
The Privacy Shield Framework
Principles and the GDPR give data subjects' certain
rights with respect to their personal information. You
may:
require us to rectify the personal
data we hold about you, where that data is
incorrect;
require that we restrict the
processing of your personal information in certain
circumstances;
request access to the personal data
that we hold about you;
require that, in certain
circumstances, we delete the personal information we
hold about you;
require that we provide you with the
information that we hold about you in a structured,
commonly used and machine-readable format;
object to the processing of personal
data under certain circumstances including the
processing of personal data for direct marketing
purposes;
withdraw your consent to our using
your data for marketing purposes at any time;
and/or
lodge a complaint with the relevant
supervisory authority .
If you wish to exercise any of these
rights, please contact us at privacy@wandisco.com,
or by writing to us at:
Privacy and Legal
4847 Hopyard Road, Suite 4-208
Pleasanton, CA 94588, USA
To protect your privacy and security,
we will take reasonable steps to help verify your
identity before granting access or making
corrections.
Data breach
In the event of a personal data
breach, WANdisco will provide appropriate notification
in accordance with GDPR and other applicable laws. As a
processor, WANdisco will notify the controller of a
personal data breach without undue delay after becoming
aware of the breach.
Dispute resolution
In compliance with Privacy Shield
Principles, WANdisco commits to resolve complaints
about our collection or use of your personal
information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or
complaints regarding out Privacy Shield policy should
first contact WANdisco at:
WANdisco, Inc
c/o Larry Webster, General Counsel
Bishop Ranch 8
5000 Executive Parkway, Suite
270
San Ramon, CA 94583
United States of America
privacy@wandisco.com
WANdisco will investigate and attempt
to resolve complaints regarding use and disclosure of
personal information by reference to the principles
contained in this Policy.
WANdisco has further committed to
cooperate with the panel established by the EU data
protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal
Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints
concerning data transferred from the EU and
Switzerland.
WANdisco has further committed to
refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy
Shield to the DPAs or FDPIC as applicable. If you do
not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or
if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by
WANdisco, please contact the DPA or FDPIC for more
information and to file a complaint.
The EU DPA panel may be contacted at
ec-dppanel-secr@ec.europa.eu and the EU DPA may be
contacted directly via the information provided
at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/third-countries/index_en.htm.
Fax: (32-2)296 80 10. Telephone: (32-2)295 17 86. Mail:
Data protection panel secretariat, Rue de Luxembourg 46
(01/126), B-1000 Brussels, BELGIUM.
The Swiss FDPIC may be contacted
directly via the information provided
at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html.
By mail at Office of the Federal Data Protection and
Information Commissioner FDPIC, Feldeggweg 1 CH 3003
Berne. Telephone +41 (0)58 462 43 95 (Monday-Friday
10-12am). Telefax: +41 (0)58 465 99 96.
The DPA and FDPIC dispute resolution
process shall be conducted in English.
In addition, the United States Federal
Trade Commission is the statutory body that has
jurisdiction to hear any claims against WANdisco
regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and
violations of laws or regulations governing privacy. If
WANdisco does not resolve the complaint, you can submit
the matter to arbitration to a single arbitration of
the Privacy Shield Panel, and under certain conditions
you have the right to invoke binding arbitration. The
remedies from this arbitration are limited to
individual-specific, non-monetary equitable relief
(such as access, correction, deletion, or return of the
individual’s data in question) necessary to remedy the
violation of the Principles only with respect to the
individual.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns
about this Privacy Notice or its implementation you may
contact us at privacy@wandisco.com.
Cookies and Privacy
At WANdisco, we respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship that we have with you.
Like many companies, we use technology on our website to collect information that helps us enhance your experience
and our products and services. The cookies that we use at WANdisco allow our website to work and help us to
understand what information and advertising is most useful to visitors.
Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our cookie practices and let us know if you have any questions by
getting in touch through any of the methods listed on our "Contact Us" page.
We have tried to keep this Notice as simple as possible, but if you’re not familiar with terms, such as cookies, IP
addresses, and browsers, then read about these key terms first.
Learn More
I ACCEPT