http://www.thesipschool.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Training and Certification
Partners
Associations
Media Partners
Technology Partners
Industry Partners
FAQs
More
The Team
News from us!
Provider Finder
Reports
Survey Archive
The Daily VoIP
Videos
SIP Blog
Events
Mailing List
Help
Chatbot ~ NEW!
Browser Support
Support
FAQs
Change Log
Check Certificate
Contact
Privacy Policy
Vocale Limited trading as the SIP School (”we”, “us”, “our”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use) and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.thesipschool.com or our other websites on which these terms appear (“our Site”) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
1.             WHO WE ARE
We are Vocale Limited (also trading as The SIP School) a company registered in England and Wales under company number 03969998 whose registered office is at Jaguar House, Cecil Street Birmingham West Midlands B19 3ST, United Kingdom.
Where you have purchased products or services or provided your information directly via our Site then we are the Controller of your personal data for the purposes of the applicable data protection legislation.
Where your employer has purchased services from us and has provided your information to us then we are processing your personal data on behalf of your employer in order to provide services to them.  In this case, your employer is the Controller and we act on the instructions of your employer as their Processor for these purposes.  In these circumstances, your employer will decide how your data is processed and you should also refer to their privacy policies for further information.  In the event that your employer’s policies are different to this policy then your employer’s policy will prevail.  Where you have also consented for us to use your personal data for the other purposes set out in this policy and your employer has not objected to this then we will be the Controller of your data for these purposes.
2.             THE BASIS ON WHICH WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
We process personal data in accordance with this policy on one of the following bases:
where we have sought your consent and you have provided consent on the basis of that consent; or
where we have not sought your consent, either:
on the basis of our legitimate interests  set out in section 3 of this Privacy Policy, and we have assessed that these are not overridden by your interests; or
where necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps to enter into a contract.
3.             WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We collect data about you for the following purposes:
to better understand our customers and give them appropriate and targeted information, offers, and other communications and in order to provide our customers with better and personalised experiences with our company;
to provide you with appropriate and targeted marketing communications and to provide you with information and offers relevant to you;
in order to fulfill our contracts with our customers, for example, we will do so to provide information about training courses and/or certification tests you have purchased or had purchased for you;
to provide activity reports to companies (and/or their group companies) who purchased the training on your behalf.  If you have purchased training from us directly yet work for a company who receives reports then you will have the option to opt out of the company (and their group companies) viewing your personal information.  Where you have opted out in these circumstances we may need to confirm that with the relevant company if they request your details;
to carry out surveys relevant to technologies that we cover in our training programs and provide those survey results to potential customers and other interested parties on an anonymous basis.
4.             INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our Site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, complete a survey, provide details in our “Social Study Directory”, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, company, e-mail address/addresses, social media details and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information: technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform,; information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources.
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We may collect the following data from your employer where we have entered into a contract with your employer to provide services and they have provided your details to use: name, email address, company, address, ‘your manager’ information.
5.             COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed onto your device by some websites that you visit. They are widely used to improve the performance of a website, for saving different options and to provide website owners with information on how the site is being used.
We use cookies to enhance the experience of the websites, to increase the performance, to identify how the website is being used and where we can make improvements and to monitor how our advertisements perform. Some of our cookies are vital for the websites to operate effectively and others are optional, but may decrease the usability or performance of the websites.
Below is a list of cookies we use on our site and their purpose
Google Analytics cookies: Used by our system to record user behaviour to improve the processes on our Site
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical, performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Cookie Expiration details
Logon cookies will expire after 2 weeks, Currency cookies expire after 1 year, Google Analytics cookie expirations are explained at this link though are by default 2 years, https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookies-user-id
6.             USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, and between us and your employer where applicable, and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us (including back-ups for such purposes);
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to allow you and other students to contact each other via the “Social Study Directory” where you have opted in to use this functionality;
to carry out research on the state of the market in our sector;
to inform you of any events or conferences that we may be attending in the future;
to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
7.             DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with:
your employer if they are one of our customers using our Site, unless you have opted out of this disclosure;
potential employers where you have consented for this disclosure;
third party training organisations if your training was purchased via them;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site; or
third party back-up providers.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use of our Site and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Vocale Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
8.             WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you will be stored within the European Economic Area (”EEA”) or only transferred outside of the EEA to companies that are subject to the Privacy Shield Framework.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
9.             YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
the right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you;
the right to request rectification of the personal data that we hold about you;
the right to request erasure of the personal data that we hold about you;
the right to request restriction of processing about you;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability.
If you wish to invoke any of the above rights, please notify us using the contact details set out in Section 12 below.
Where our processing of personal data is based on your having given consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you wish to invoke this right, please notify us using the contact details set out in Section 12 below.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In the United Kingdom, the supervisory authority is the Office of the Information Commissioner, full contact details for which can be found at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
10.          YOUR PREFERENCES
You have the following choices available to you with respect to how we process your personal data:
you can opt out of receiving any marketing communications by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails to you or by logging onto The SIP School website using your credentials and editing your Profile settings;
where we are processing your details on behalf of your employer and you do not wish to have your personal data processed in these circumstances please contact us via the email address below or, if you prefer, your employer;
where you have purchased services directly from our Site and you do not wish to enable third parties (including your employer or any potential employer) to view your details please contact us via the email address below you can opt in or opt out of receiving contacts from other students via the Social Study Directory.
11.          CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
12.          CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to contact@thesipschool.com
Last Updated: 2018-03-03 15:27:32
×
Login
Email
Password
Reset Password
Close
Login
×
Sign up to our Mailing list
For all the latest news as well as a Free SIP trunking checklist
Name
Email
Close
Subscribe