https://www.fsifm.com/en-gb/privacy-policy
Home
Facilities Management
Workplace
Maintenance
Real Estate
Small Team Solution
Meetings & Reservations
Smart Buildings
BI & Analytics
Energy & Sustainability
Concept Evolution
Workplace Apps
Workforce Apps
FSI App Library
Concept Rapide
Cloud Platform
Cloud Services
Consultancy Services
Project Management
Training
Support
System Healthcheck
Admin-on-Demand
Company & Ethics
Team
Awards & Accreditations
Insights
Case Studies
Whitepapers
Video Library
Webinars
Forum
Contact
FAQs
Support Portal
Log Me In
UK
Asia-Pacific
Middle East
Canada
Hong Kong
Search the website.
Click to search.
Privacy Policy
At FSI, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. By using our website, you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy. Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to DPO@fsifm.com or by writing to Kim Norris at FSI (FM Solutions) Limited, Bellesduna House, Chester Hall Lane, Basildon, Essex, SS14 3BG. Alternatively, you can telephone 01708 251909. Who are we? Established in 1990, FSI is a global-leader in CAFM software, with offices in the UK, Australia, Dubai, Canada and Hong Kong, and an international partner network. FSI has been a major influence on CAFM technology for the built environment, delivering a truly versatile business tool. The Concept range helps to boost productivity, streamline business processes, support improved performance and increase profitability in organisations of every type and size. Concept Evolution: A completely web-based CAFM solution that merges powerful functionality with sophisticated technology to extend Facilities Management (FM) across borders, and optimises process efficiency, accuracy and productivity throughout the lifecycle. With its standard web browser, it is straightforward to use and gives a single, integrated cross-portfolio view of facilities and maintenance activities, schedules and contracts. FSI GO: A Mobile Application solution, extending the functionality of Concept Evolution and third party integrated systems to your mobile workforce. FSI GO supports mixed environment smartphones and tablets, plus ‘bring your own’ device. The FSI GO app is available to download from the Apple, Windows and Google Play stores. Concept Advantage: A suite of Apps, designed to encourage the entire workplace community to contribute to the success of the facilities they occupy. Connecting Concept Evolution CAFM technology to the business via end users and their mobile devices. Effective and successful FM is put directly in the hands of all those on the receiving end, promoting a positive workplace environment and enhancing corporate wellbeing. The Apps and their container can be branded to make them your own. Functionality can be tailored to suit end users. Apps include: Chat Log: sociable facilities helpdesk experience for use by end users / Our Say: community suggestion and voting tool / My Visitors: pre-book in a visitor and receive notifications of arrival. How do we collect information from you? We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about products and services, log a call or if you register to receive one of our newsletters. What type of information is collected from you? The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. How is your information used? We may use your information to: Process a product or service that you have requested; Process orders that you have submitted; To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us; Seek your views or comments on the services we provide; Notify you of changes to our services; Send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about campaigns, new products or services;Process a job application. We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example HMRC records). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.Who has access to your information? We will not sell or rent your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes. Your choices You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about the vital work we do for you and our exciting products and services, then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting Sally Wotton, Marketing Manager by email: StayConnected@fsifm.com or telephone on 01708 251949. How you can access and update your information The accuracy of your information is important to us. We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: DPO@fsifm.com or by writing to Kim Norris at FSI (FM Solutions) Limited, Bellesduna House, Chester Hall Lane, Basildon, Essex, SS14 3BG. Alternatively, you can telephone 01708 251909. You have the right to ask for a copy of the information FSI hold about you. Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information We are already certified to ISO27001 and make best efforts to ensure the security of our systems and protect any personal data provided to us. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Use of 'cookies' Like many other websites, the FSI website uses cookies. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service. It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website. In addition, if you linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third-party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site. 16 or Under We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information. Transferring your information outside of Europe As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy. If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services. Website recording Our web site may also use the Google analytics web site recording service. Google Analytics is a product that has been developed by Google. This may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. The information collected does not include bank details or any sensitive personal data. Data collected by Google analytics is for FSI internal use only. The information collected is used to improve our website usability and is stored and used for aggregated and statistical reporting. Review of this Policy We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in January 2020.
+44 (0) 1708 251900 | enquiries@fsifm.com
www.fsifm.com