http://www.fusionapps.com/privacy-policy.cfm
We Design, Develop, Manage and Host
Let us turn your vision into a software-based reality.
Learn More
Privacy Policy
Fusionapps, LLC respects your privacy. When you visit our site, we want you to know what information we collect, why we collect it and where it goes. We encourage you to read our Privacy Policy below and contact us with any questions you may have.
Information We Gather and How We Use It
Our online ordering process and product information requests requires your contact information, such as your address, telephone number and e-mail address. By providing your contact information, we may contact you in connection with products and services that you request, such as confirming your request for information or confirming an online order.
We also passively collect information that is automatically sent to us by your web browser. The amount of information sent depends on the settings you have on your web browser; please refer to your browser if you want to learn what information it sends. We use this information to develop statistics that are very helpful to understanding how this site is used by our visitors. We interpret this statistical data in our continuing effort to present the web site content that customers are seeking in a format they find most helpful. By accessing our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information.
Any form submitted from Fusionapps' web site will also include your IP address.We use this to track fraudulent submissions and network abuse.
Disclosure to Others
To serve you better, we use information provided by you to perform services that you request. Although we never sell any information to third parties/business affiliates, we may provide personal data to other parties that perform certain functions for us, such as service installation, or to other parties that provide products with our services so that you may obtain service on your product. These third parties are required to only use the information in connection with the requested services.
We may disclose personal information to law enforcement officials and others when we, in our good faith judgment, believe that the law requires us to do so. We may also release selected personal information when that release is necessary, in our good faith and judgment, to apply or enforce the terms of our agreements with our customers and to protect our rights.
Fusionapps will not reference any web sites that we host unless we have the consent of the web site owner. We will also never sell or make available any customer e-mail addresses, nor e-mail addresses that have been created with our services, including all mailing lists.
Links to Other Websites
For your convenience, this site may contain certain hyperlinks to other pages. While we have posted our Privacy Policy on our web site, we can make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection on the hyperlinked pages and sites. We therefore recommend that you read the privacy policy/statement for each site you visit.
Policy Updates
These terms may be modified at any time and without notice.All users previous and new are always subject to the newest terms posted here at all times.
Contact Information
160 Pehle Ave
Saddle Brook, NJ 07663
Toll-Free: 1-888-514-8100
Phone: 201-751-9988
Fax: 201-751-9989
Let's Talk