http://www.speechpro.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy#cookie
Jump to Navigation
Saint Petersburg: +7 812 325 88 48   Request a Call  Ask a Question
RUESENINTUS
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This
Speech Technology Center Limited Privacy and Cookie Policy covers all
activities of users on https://speechpro.com/ website and related websites
(such as https://speechpro-usa.com/ and https://es.speechpro.com/), collectively
referred to as "our Websites", use of applications of Speech
Technology Center Limited and its affiliates, as well as use of all other
connected products and services, collectively referred to as the "Services".
This
Privacy and Cookie Policy describes what Personal Data and Other Information
(as defined below) Speech Technology Center Limited may collect online and
offline, where appropriate, and how Speech Technology Center Limited uses and
shares such information.
Speech
Technology Center Limited is a company registered and operating in the Russian
Federation and located at 4 Krasutskogo St., St. Petersburg, 196084. When this
Privacy Policy mentions "we", "us", or "our" it
refers to Speech Technology Center Limited that is
responsible for processing and control of the information you submit ("Data
Controller").
What information do we
collect?
Speech Technology Center Limited collects information to operate our business and provide you with
innovative speech technology solutions. We collect both Personal Data and Other
Information in support of these efforts.
"Personal
Data" is information that can be used, directly or
indirectly, alone or together with other information, to identify you as
an individual. This may include your location data, and Cookies (Please see Cookies section below for more information).
"Other
Information" is information that is anonymous, aggregate,
de-identified, or that otherwise does not reveal your identity. We collect
and use this information to understand how you and our other customers as
a whole use our Websites and Services and constantly tune, enhance,
innovate and build products and services to reflect the needs of customers.
Generally, we do not consider Other Information to be Personal Data.
Regardless, if we link together Other Information in a way that renders it
individually identifiable, we will treat the combined information as Personal
Data.
Transparency
and Choice: You control what, how, and when you share your personal data with Speech Technology Center. We want you
to easily understand your rights and our obligations to you. So, we have tried
to use plain language throughout this Privacy and Cookie Policy.
We believe you should be able to control the use of your personal data —
and know that you can ask us to stop, that means that you can withdraw your
consent at any time.
We collect
Personal Data in the following ways:
1. When you register with us, we collect registration and other details
(e.g., name, username and password, contact information (such as email
addresses, telephone numbers, and location), your activity on this Website.
2. When you use or interact with our Services (including, but not limited
to, by filling in forms on our Websites), we
collect Personal Data such as traffic data, cookies, location data, IP address
and other data.
Other
Information: We may collect Other Information about your use of our Websites and
Services. This includes, for example, your device type, browser type, operating
system, internet domain
and host name, date and time of access to our Websites as well as
referring and onward URL, as well as data about the activities you undertake
and how you interact with our Websites and Services.
How and on what legal basis do we use the information
we collect?
Legal basis: We use the information we collect based on our legitimate
interests to provide users with an easy-to-use and efficient site, build more
useful Services, and comply with applicable law, for example:
We provide you with information you request (e.g. fulfilling your requests
for demo versions of some of our software products).
We provide customer service to resolve technical issues you meet and/or to
respond to your requests for assistance.
We provide you with marketing information (in case of your consent), e.g.
articles, newsletters or other content.
We perform a contract we have with you.
Who do we
share your data with?
We will not sell Personal Data to third parties. We generally only share Personal
Data with the following third parties:
Regulators
and other competent authorities.
Our
distributors according to your geographic location/area to process your
requests in a more efficient manner, when appropriate.
Our
affiliates and/or other companies within our group.
Our Websites may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We
have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of
these websites. This Privacy and Cookie Policy does not extend to your use of
such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of other websites
prior to using them.
How long
will we keep your Personal Data?
We will retain any Personal Data you submit as long as we have an ongoing
relationship with you, as long as you have an active account with us, or if we
are required to retain your Personal Data by legal obligation.
Your rights
You have the right to object to certain ways that we use your Personal Data,
or to ask us to delete, remove, or stop using your Personal Data if there is no
need for us to keep it. This is known as the "right to object" and "right
to erasure", or the "right to be forgotten". Please note such
requests may not always be possible due to legal obligations we may have to
keep such records.
You have the right to request rectification of your Personal Data so that
it can be corrected or completed if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data that you have
provided to Speech Technology Center Limited.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy and Cookie Policy as we may
deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law.
To exercise these rights, or If you have any questions
or complaints regarding your Personal Data processing, feel free to ask us via stc-int@speechpro.com.
Children
Our Websites and Services are not intended for children. If you are under
18 or otherwise would be required to obtain the consent of a parent or guardian
in order to share information with Speech Technology Center Limited, you should
not send any information about yourself to us.
If a person under 18 submits information via any part of our Websites and/or
Services, and we learn that the person submitting the information is under 18,
we will delete this information as soon as possible.
What are
cookies?
Cookies are small
encrypted text files that are stored on your computer or other device by our
Websites and allow our Websites or a third-party to recognize you and make your
next visit easier and our Websites more useful to you. The websites use cookies
to collect information about you.
What types of cookies are there?
Functional and Performance cookies
Analytical/performance
cookies: these cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors
and to see how visitors move around our Websites. These helps us to improve the
way our Websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what
they are looking for easily and do not encounter technical errors.
Functionality
cookies: these are used to recognize you when you return to our Websites. Usage
of cookies of this character enables us to personalize our content for you and
remember your preferences. All information these cookies collect is aggregated
and anonymous.
Third-Party cookies
We may allow third
parties to use cookies (e.g. these cookies are used by Google Analytics). Besides,
our Websites have "share" buttons that allow users to share content of
our Websites with their friends on social networks like Facebook, Twitter, etc.
These third parties may use cookies when you are logged onto their pages and
visit our Websites.
We do not control
the cookies of third parties. Please visit these third-party websites to obtain
more information about their use of cookies. There are also free programs you
can download from reputable sources that allow you to set your preferences and
block the vast majority of third-party cookies.
Strictly Necessary cookies
These are cookies
that are required for the operation of our Websites.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
For marketing purposes.
To improve your experience of using our Websites and
our range of products and services.
At no point do our cookies or those of our third
parties store your personal payment information.
How
to manage cookies
You can turn Functional and Performance cookies on and
off. Strictly Necessary cookies can’t be turned off.
On Off
You can use your web browser (e.g. Internet Explorer,
Google Chrome, Safari, etc.) to allow, switch off or delete some cookies on our
and other websites. Each web browser is different, so check the "Help" function of your particular
browser to determine how to update your cookie settings. Please note that, in a
few cases, switching off or deleting cookies may reduce the functionality of
our Websites or prevent access to certain information.
To learn how to disable cookies or opt out of their
usage you can visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Please note, however, that some cookies are essential in order to use our
Websites and in the event you do reject cookies this may impair the
functionality of our Websites and may mean that you are unable to use some
features of our Websites.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy: 25 May 2018.
ProductsSolutionsServicesDownloadsPartnersNewsroomCompanyCareersContacts
Images on this site are for example purposes only and may differ from the actual
product. Full product specifications are available on request.
Speech Technology Center Limited reserves the right to modify product characteristics and / or withdraw any product without prior notice.
© 2001-2020
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
ISO 9001:2015 certified
Cookies
We use cookies to optimize this website and keep it secure. If you click “Yes, I agree”, cookies will be activated. If you do not want cookies to be activated, please click “Learn more” for details and instructions on disabling cookies.
Learn more
Yes, I agree