https://www.claromentis.com/terms-acceptable-use-policy/
Skip to content
Book a Personal Demo
Try Our Software
Products
Intranet SoftwareShare knowledge and collaborate
Business Process ManagementWork smarter with e-forms and workflows
Learning Management SystemExpand your professional development
Project ManagementEfficiently manage your projects
Extranet PortalsSecure access for your external users
Mobile IntranetSmartphone-ready for working on the go
Digital Workplace IntegrationsConnect your apps to Claromentis
Industries
Intranets by Sectors
Charities & Non-Profit
Education
Enterprise
Small Businesses and Startups
Finance
Franchise
Healthcare
Law Firms
Corporations
Hotels
Insurance
Construction
Manufacturing
Retail
Intranets by Departments
Human Resources
IT Departments
Marketing
Compliance
Services
Overview
Bespoke Consultancy
Design & Development
Training & Support
Workflow Creation
Custom App Prototypes
Custom Web Development
Marketplace
Company
About
Careers at Claromentis
Contact
Blog
Customer Success Stories
Customer Reviews
Claromentis in the Press
Intranet Advice
COVID-19 Resources
Partners
Pricing
Book a Personal Demo
Try Our Software
Hit Enter to search or ESC to close
PLEASE READ THE TERMS BELOW CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE
What’s in these terms?
These terms:
tell you the rules for using our website www.claromentis.com (our site).
include our acceptable use policy which sets out the content standards that apply when you upload content to our site, make contact with other users on our site, link to our site, or interact with our site in any other way.
Who we are and how to contact us
www.claromentis.com is a site operated by Claromentis Limited (“We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 03672955 and have our registered office at Hampton House, High Street, East Grinstead, West Sussex, RH19 3AW. Our main trading address is Suites 1 & 2, 6th Floor, Vantage Point, New England Road, Brighton, BN1 4GW, United Kingdom.
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please email sales@claromentis.com or telephone our customer service line on 0800 409 6101.
By using our site you accept these terms
By using our site, you confirm that you accept the:
terms of use (PART A); and
terms of our acceptable use policy (PART B)
(collectively, terms)
and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
PART A: TERMS OF USE
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy: www.claromentis.com/claromentis-privacy-policy
Our Acceptable Use Policy (below), which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
We may make changes to the terms of this policy.
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on 3 December 2018.
We may suspend or withdraw out site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
You must keep your account details safe
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use or our acceptable use policy.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at data-protection@claromentis.com.
How you may use material on our site
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Do not rely on information on this site
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
User-generate content is not approved by us
This website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the site, including information uploaded to intranet demos, bulletin boards and chat rooms. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us on data-protection@claromentis.com.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy: www.claromentis.com/claromentis-privacy-policy.
Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy (see below).
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of our site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in Rights you are giving us to use material you upload.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy (see below<).
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
Rights you are giving us to use material you upload
When you upload or post content to our site, you grant us the following rights to use that content:
A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform that user-generated content in connection with the service provided by the website and across different media; and
the right for third parties (for example, other users, partners or advertisers) to use the content for their purposes or in accordance with the functionality of the site.
The licences will expire when you delete the content from the site.
We are no responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Rules and linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy (see below).
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact marketing@claromentis.com.
PART B: ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
Prohibited uses
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.>
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards (see below).
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;
any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:
Live intranet demo.
Chat rooms.
Bulletin boards.
(interactive services).
Where we provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.>
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (Contribution), and to any interactive services associated with it.
The content standards must be complied with in spirit as well as to the letter. The standards apply to each part of any Contribution as well as to its whole.
Claromentis will determine, in its discretion, whether a Contribution breaches the content standards.
A Contribution must:
Be accurate (where it states facts).
Be genuinely held (where it states opinions).
Comply with the law applicable in England and Wales and in any country from which it is posted.
A Contribution must not:
Be defamatory of any person.
Be obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
Promote sexually explicit material.
Promote violence.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Breach any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
Promote any illegal activity.
Be in contempt of court.
Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
Give the impression that the Contribution emanates from Claromentis, if this is not the case.
Advocate, promote, incite any party to commit, or assist any unlawful or criminal act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Contain a statement which you know or believe, or have reasonable grounds for believing, that members of the public to whom the statement is, or is to be, published are likely to understand as a direct or indirect encouragement or other inducement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Contain any advertising or promote any services or web links to other sites.
Breach of this policy
When we consider that a breach of this acceptable use policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use (see above in Part A). upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any Contribution uploaded by you to our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law.
We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Which country’s laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that the terms of use (Part A) terms of this policy (Part B), its subject matter and its formation are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, the terms of use (Part A) and terms of this policy (Part B), its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Give staff a workplace to call home
Access every app, share information, and collaborate in one central workplace. Try Claromentis now or book a demo with our experts.
Try our software
Book a personal demo
View all features
Create a digital company culture
Download our guide to learn how to build a digital company culture that connects remote workers
No thanks Download guide