http://www.epic.org/privacy/tax/irscom3806.html
Comments to IRS on Tax Return Info Sharing
[BY EMAIL Notice.Comments@irscounsel.treas.gov / Notice 2005-93 and E-Filing
REG-137243-02.] March 8, 2006 CC:PA:RU (Notice 2005-93)
Room 5526
Internal Revenue Service
Ben Franklin Station
Washington, DC 20224 CC:PA:LPD:PR (REG-137243-02)
Room 5203
Internal Revenue Service
PO Box 7604
Ben Franklin Station
Washington, DC 20044 Re:            Comments of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, Privacy
Rights Clearinghouse, and World Privacy Forum on Notice 2005-93 and REG-137243-02
Concerning Secondary Use of Tax Preparation Data To Whom It May Concern: EPIC is a public interest research center in Washington, D.C. It was established
in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and
to protect privacy, the First Amendment, and constitutional values.
The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse (PRC) is a nonprofit consumer organization
with a two-part mission -- consumer information and consumer advocacy. It
was established in 1992 and is based in San Diego, California. It is primarily
grant-supported and serves individuals nationwide. The World Privacy Forum is a nonprofit, non partisan organization focused
on conducting in-depth research and consumer education in the intersecting
areas of technology and privacy. We submit the comments below on Notice 2005-93 and proceeding REG-137243-02.[1] Introduction Section 7216 of the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. § 7216, prohibits
tax return preparers from using or disclosing tax return data except as
allowed by Congress or by the implementing regulations.  The IRS drafted
proposed changes to those regulations in response to concerns about privacy
problems created by the secondary marketing use of tax information and the
outsourcing of tax preparation services.[2]  The agency seeks to safeguard taxpayer information
by making knowing and voluntary consent a prerequisite for disclosure of
personal information.[3]
The proposed changes to the regulations represent an important effort to
increase taxpayers' awareness of what is done with their personal information.
However, the updated regulations fail to adequately safeguard taxpayer privacy
because they neglect to protect information once it is disclosed, allow
consent that is less than voluntary, and carry penalties that are not harsh
enough to ensure tax return preparers obey the law. Most importantly, taxpayers lose most of the protections for their private
information as soon as they consent to its disclosure.  While the proposed
regulations generally set a high standard for consent, they give tax return
preparers no incentive to make responsible decisions about disclosure, and
they often impose no obligations at all on the recipients of disclosed information.
Insufficient protections endanger consumer privacy.  The British tabloid
The Sun demonstrated these risks to privacy when it purchased the
details associated with 1000 personal bank accounts from an Indian call
center employee for $5000.[4]
Taxpayers entrust their tax return preparers with sensitive personal information,
and they deserve a guarantee of responsible behavior in return.  Furthermore,
preparers are in a position to evaluate the credibility of third-party recipients
of taxpayer information, while consumers are not.  In fact, in some cases,
companies characterize their information sharing relationships as "trusted"
or otherwise vetted by some process to ensure their integrity.  In reality,
these information sharing agreements will be made with almost any company,
and the offers to enter into one of these agreements are advertised to the
world on the Internet, not to a limited group of "trusted" partners.[5] These factors should create an obligation for tax return preparers to refrain
from making disclosures without taking precautions to ensure the continued
security of taxpayer information.  Instead, the proposed regulations give
consumers a hollow right to control over their personal information because
consent to disclosure eliminates most protections.  If tax preparers will
not take responsibility for the use of personal data by information sharing
partners, IRS should withdraw the consent rule and not allow disclosures
for marketing purposes whatsoever. This problem is intensified by exceptions to the "knowing and voluntary"
consent standard.  Tax return preparers are allowed to disclose information
to other domestic preparers, including the contractors who repair their
equipment and software, without any guarantee of credibility and without
even informing the taxpayer.  Such induced consent is not truly voluntary
because consumers will be unwilling to back out of the service entirely
by the time they receive the consent notice, and because they will be unable
to find affordable alternatives that do not impose the same conditions.
In addition to allowing involuntary consent, the regulations do not adequately
ensure that consent will be "knowing."  They make an important
start by setting minimum text and paper sizes and requiring that all the
text on a consent page relate to the disclosure or use authorized.  However,
they do not ensure that, in practice, consumers will read and understand
the consent form.  As the National Consumer Law Center [NCLC] notes in its
comments, time pressures and lack of English literacy may prevent taxpayers
from reading the consents they sign.  We second the NCLC's recommended requirements
for preparers who use software to provide services in person.  Preparers
should be required to obtain consent electronically, following the steps
now required for electronic consent.  Additionally, the text of the consent
should be read aloud by audio output.  We agree that this policy approach
will be effective because it will draw greater attention to the consent.
It will also create an electronic trail, allowing the IRS to ascertain whether
the required process is followed.
Even if the regulations are changed to better protect taxpayer privacy,
the current penalties under Sections 7216 and 6713 are not harsh enough
to deter tax return preparers from breaking the law.  Taxpayer information
is very valuable, and many preparers may decide that they stand to gain
more from selling it than they are likely to lose through prosecution under
§ 7216.
Specific Comments 1. §301.7216-1
Tax return preparer
The proposed definition of "tax return preparer" is appropriately
broad.  Importantly, even preparers who do not charge a fee for tax return
preparation services are included within the definition.  This inclusion
will prevent preparers from offering free services in order to collect and
sell taxpayer information. However, the proposed definition excludes employees of tax return preparers
who do not personally assist in the preparation of returns or assist in
the provision of auxiliary services.  Any employee with access to tax return
information should be prohibited from using or disclosing it.
Tax return information
We strongly support the inclusion of all information "furnished in
any form or manner for, or in connection with," preparation of the
taxpayer's tax return within the definition of "tax return information."
All such information is provided in order to receive tax preparation services,
so the taxpayer should be able to limit its use to legitimate tax return
preparation purposes.
However, § 301.7216-1(b)(3)(ii) Example 1 could be read to imply that information
supplied to register tax preparation software is not tax return information
unless the tax return preparer states during the registration process that
it will provide updates to registrants.  Because consumers furnish registration
information in connection with return preparation and for the purpose of
receiving tax preparation services, registration information falls within
the definition of tax return information regardless of whether the preparer
advertises or provides software updates.  We recommend the revision of Example
1 to clearly indicate that all information supplied to register tax preparation
software is tax return information.
Use
"Use" is narrowly defined by the regulation as any circumstance
where a covered entity "refers to, or relies upon, tax return information
as the basis to take or permit an action."  IRS should expand the definition
of "use" to include all foreseeable situations where the preparer
accesses the information. The regulations currently afford very little protection for tax return
information after the taxpayer consents to disclosure.  They allow preparers
to condition service on disclosure to contractors but give them no incentive
to ensure that those contractors do not abuse the information.  To encourage
preparers to disclose information responsibly, use by a preparer should
include subsequent use by a person to whom the preparer discloses information.
Disclosure
Importantly, the regulations clarify that disclosure includes any affirmative
manner of making information known to any person.  However, the definition
of disclosure should be expanded to include situations where tax return
preparers merely make information available passively, by inaction (for
instance, where a preparer leaves information on a desk or on a computer
screen that a passerby or other unauthorized person can see).  Tax return
preparers are entrusted with sensitive personal information, so they should
be responsible for safeguarding information rather than just refraining
from willfully making it known.  This distinction could be important regarding
employees who are excluded from the definition of "tax return preparer"
under § 301.7216-1(b)(2)(i)(D).
"Disclosure" by a tax return preparer should also include subsequent
disclosure by a third party to whom the tax return preparer makes information
available.  As discussed above, the regulations currently allow preparers
to condition service on disclosure to contractors but give them no incentive
to ensure that those contractors do not abuse the information.  Extending
the definition of disclosure would encourage preparers to make responsible
decisions about contracting out tax return preparation.  In the marketing
industry, it is routine to sell a customer list under the condition that
the recipient not re-disclose the information to others.  Marketers even
"seed" their lists with dummy addresses that are monitored to
catch recipients who use the list more than once or those who resell the
information.  Similar procedures should be in effect to prevent a chain
of reselling of tax return information. 2. §301.7216-2
Disclosures to other tax return preparers
The exception to the consent requirement for disclosures to other tax return
preparers inappropriately weakens the "knowing and voluntary"
consent requirement.  Consumers should be informed before their information
is passed to third parties.  Although all tax return preparers who receive
taxpayer information are technically bound by the consent requirements of
§ 7216, this protection becomes less effective as information is passed
to small, amorphous providers who may be difficult to track for enforcement
purposes.
If the IRS does create an exception for disclosures made to contractors,
the regulations should require disclosing tax return preparers to take affirmative
steps to prevent misuse of the information by the third-party recipients.
Disclosing preparers should be required to have audited security measures
in place to protect the security and authenticity of data.  Furthermore,
as in the proposed regulations, disclosure should be limited to the extent
necessary for the contractor to perform the services.
B.      Certain disclosures by attorneys
and accountants Section 301.7216-2(h)(2) states that tax return preparers are permitted
to use or disclose a taxpayer's information in the course of performing
services for another client if "the information is, or may be, relevant
to the subject matter of the legal or accounting services for the other
client, and consideration of the information by those performing the services
is necessary for the proper performance of the services."  However,
the regulation does not clearly limit the exception to such situations.
It should state that use and disclosure are only permissible when relevant
and necessary.
C.     Payment for tax preparation services As the regulations recognize, information the taxpayer provides to pay
for tax preparation services is tax return information.  The regulations
appropriately limit the use and disclosure of such information to the extent
necessary to process the payment and to the information relevant to the
payment. D.     Producing statistical information
in connection with tax return preparation business The proposed regulations appear to allow the use of a statistical compilation
of data for the internal management or support of the tax return preparer's
tax return preparation business.  This exception should be reduced to use
for internal management, because "support" could be interpreted
as financial support, allowing a tax return preparer to target specific
customers with advertising.
3. §301.7216-3
Taxpayer consent
We strongly support the knowing and voluntary standard for taxpayer consent.
If taxpayers do not actually understand what they are agreeing to, the consent
requirement offers them no protection.
Importantly, the regulations generally prohibit preparers from conditioning
service on consent.  Conditioning service on consent makes consent involuntary
because the consumer is likely to have committed to the service before the
consent is requested, and is unlikely to find substantially different options
elsewhere.
Even where service cannot be conditioned on consent, consumers may assume
that they will be refused service if they decline consent.  To prevent taxpayers
from consenting because they erroneously believe that they must do so, the
revenue procedure should require requests for consent to state that taxpayers
will not be refused service if they decline to consent. Additionally, the use or disclosure authorized by a consent should be limited
to the information necessary to accomplish the purpose of the consent.
B.      Disclosure of entire return We strongly oppose the provision authorizing the disclosure of an entire
return.  Disclosure of a full return is never necessary for marketing.
Marketers target individuals by categorizing them, and they do not need
full returns to group consumers.  Income ranges and other general facts
will suffice. 3. Notice 2005-93
Separate written document
We strongly support the provisions requiring the notice and consent disclosures
to appear on a separate piece of paper.  In other situations, companies
have attempted to obfuscate notice by providing it on papers integrated
with a bill.  Having the disclosure on a separate sheet of paper or computer
screen will increase the likelihood that consumers see and read the notice.
The minimum standards for paper and text size will also improve readability.
Identification of tax return information to be disclosed or used
We support the requirement that the consent specify the particular items
of tax return information to be disclosed or used.  However, the information
used or disclosed should be limited to information necessary to accomplish
the purpose of the use or disclosure.
Mandatory statements in the consent
Contrary to the required warning, taxpayers' privacy rights should not
end when they consent to disclosure.  Consumers entrust tax return preparers
with sensitive personal information.  Furthermore, preparers are in a position
to evaluate third-party recipients of taxpayer information, while consumers
are not.  These factors should create an obligation to refrain from making
disclosures without taking precautions to ensure the continued security
of taxpayer information.  Tax return preparers should be required to audit
the people who receive information from them, and held responsible for abuse
of information by those third parties.  The mandatory warning should reflect
this situation. If preparers cannot guarantee that information will be handled
ethically and securely, there should be no consent option.
While the regulations properly require the tax return preparer to include
certain statements in the consent, they should place stricter limits on
what preparers may add to those statements.  Section 4.01 appropriately
requires that all text on the consent form pertain solely to the disclosure
or use authorized.  However, this requirement does not prevent a preparer
from distracting taxpayers with long, misleading, or dull narratives.  The
text of consent forms should be limited to the mandatory statements and
a succinct explanation of the use or disclosure.
Affirmative consent
We strongly support the affirmative consent requirement.  Opt-out choice
is not knowing and voluntary because it does not sufficiently direct the
taxpayer's attention to the consent being given.  Opt-out consent decreases
the likelihood that the consumer will read and process the agreement.
Electronic signatures
We strongly suggest that taxpayers be required to physically enter a statement
to indicate that they are willing to have their tax information disclosed.
This requirement will force consumers to pay more attention to the consent
process, increasing the likelihood that they see and read the notice.  For
instance, instead of typing in the customer's name in the form to express
consent, the preparer could obtain a statement such as:  "Although
I am not required to do so, I give my consent for my tax information to
be sold" or "I have taken the option to waive my right to keep
my return information secret."
Examples
Example 2 allows the tax return preparer to make false statements in the
request for consent.  The hypothetical provider states that it must disclose
taxpayer information to provide the taxpayer with information on IRAs or
RALs.  This claim is clearly untrue—the preparer could easily provide the
customer with information about the services simply by providing a pamphlet
or a link to an instructive website.  The misrepresentation hides the fact
that the preparer is selling the customer's personal information, and makes
the disclosures authorized appear benign and necessary.
Respectfully Submitted, /s Pam Dixon
Executive Director
World Privacy Forum Beth Givens
Director
Privacy Rights Clearinghouse Chris Jay Hoofnagle
Director, West Coast Office
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Erin MacDonald
EPIC Intern
UC-Hastings Law
[1] IRS Issues Proposed Regulations to Safeguard Taxpayer
Information, Internal Revenue Service, Dec. 7, 2005, available at http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=151368,00.html
[2] Statement of Rep. Edward U. Markey (D-Mass.) on
Proposed Taxpayer Privacy Rules, Dec. 7, 2005, available at http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=151372,00.html
[3] IRS Issues Proposed Regulations to Safeguard Taxpayer
Information, Internal Revenue Service, Dec. 7, 2005, available at http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=151368,00.html;
Statement of Rep. Edward U. Markey (D-Mass.) on Proposed Taxpayer Privacy
Rules, Dec. 7, 2005, available at http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=151372,00.html
[4] Transcript of Quentin McDermott's report into cyber-fraud,
"Your Money and Your Life," Australian Broadcasting Corporation,
Aug. 15, 2005, available at http://www.abc.net.au/4corners/content/2005/s1438338.htm
[5] Over 50,000 "datacards" advertising the
sale of personal information are available online in the "List Finder"
section of Direct Magazine: http://www.directmag.com.
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
March 8, 2006
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/tax/irscom3806.html