http://www.projectcoordinator.net/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy & Cookies
You are hereHome    /    Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy Policy
Designtech Solutions AB respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us through our contact form or any other form including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Designtech Solutions AB.
External Sites
Designtech Solutions AB is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Designtech Solutions AB to recognize you each time you visit this site(customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Designtech Solutions AB does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Designtech Solutions AB use Google Analytics, which is a service, provided by Google. They gather anonymous data of how people are using this site and then provide us with visitor statistics, details of page views etc.
Contained within our website is tracking code provided by Lead Forensics. This code enables Lead Forensics to track activity on the business section of our website and provide Designtech Solutions with information on the IP address of the requesting computer (this data is not anonymised), the date and duration of the user’s visit, and the web pages which the user visits. The Lead Forensics tool uses IP tracking for identifying businesses and is not the same as cookies. The Lead Forensics tracking code complies with the data protection act because it only provides information that is readily available in the public domain. It does not, and cannot, provide individual, personal or sensitive data regarding who has visited our website. It provides information on what company has visited our website by identifying them from their IP address. This data may be used by us to contact the business about their experience or for marketing purposes. We will not pass this data to third parties for any reason. More information can be found at www.leadforensics.com.
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Designtech Solutions AB and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Designtech Solutions AB have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
For any other information use the contact form to contact Designtech Solutions AB