https://www.digitalmarmalade.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS
Digital Marmalade is committed to protecting your personal information when you are using Digital Marmalade services. We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us through the digitalmarmalade.co.uk website.
In order to provide you with the full range of Digital Marmalade services, we are sometimes required to collect information about you.
This privacy policy explains the following:
what information Digital Marmalade may collect about you;
how Digital Marmalade will use information we collect about you;
when Digital Marmalade may use your details to contact you;
whether Digital Marmalade will disclose your details to anyone else;
your choices regarding the personal information you have provided to us;
the use of cookies on Digital Marmalade website and how you can reject these cookies.
As set out above, Digital Marmalade is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998 (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the "data protection laws").
The website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit or are collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WILL DIGITAL MARMALADE COLLECT ABOUT ME?
When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from digitalmarmalade.co.uk website, such as newsletters, we may ask for personal information about you. This can consist of information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address or telephone number. Different website pages may ask for different personal information.
By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable Digital Marmalade to provide you with the services you select.
Please note that sometimes on particular website pages we will require you to provide additional personal information. When we do this we will specify further on these website pages why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.
Digital Marmalade also uses cookies (see paragraph 13 below for details) and collects IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet). We use analysis software to look at IP addresses and cookies for the purpose of enhancing your user experience. This information is not used to develop a personal profile of you and the log files are regularly purged.
3. HOW WILL DIGITAL MARMALADE USE THE INFORMATION THEY COLLECT ABOUT ME?
for "service administration purposes", which means that Digital Marmalade may contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for, as set out in paragraph 4 below (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance);
to contact you about a submission you have made to the websites, including any content you provide.
to personalise the way Digital Marmalade content is presented to you
IP addresses are used to identify the location of users, the number of visits from different countries and also to block disruptive use; and
to analyse and improve the services offered on digitalmarmalade.co.uk. e.g. to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience.
Where Digital Marmalade proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for your use other than as listed above.
4. WHEN WILL DIGITAL MARMALADE CONTACT ME?
Digital Marmalade may contact you:
in relation to the functioning of any service you have signed up for in order to ensure that Digital Marmalade can deliver the services to you;
where you have opted to receive further correspondence;
in relation to any contribution you have made to digitalmarmalade.co.uk, e.g. on Digital Marmalade message boards, blogs or other social media elements;
to invite you to participate in surveys about Digital Marmalade services (participation is always voluntary); and
for marketing purposes where you have specifically agreed to this (see paragraph 5 below)
5. WILL I BE CONTACTED FOR MARKETING PURPOSES?
Digital Marmalade won't contact you for marketing purposes, or promote new services to you unless you specifically agree to be contacted for these purposes.
6. WILL DIGITAL MARMALADE SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH ANYONE ELSE?
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies) or as described in paragraph 7 below. We will only use your information within Digital Marmalade.
7. OFFENSIVE OR INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT ON DIGITAL MARMALADE WEBSITE
If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to digitalmarmalade.co.uk, or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on digitalmarmalade.co.uk, Digital Marmalade may use your personal information to stop such behaviour. Where Digital Marmalade reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any of the laws of England or Wales (e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory), Digital Marmalade may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, school, e-mail/Internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
8. WHAT IF I AM A USER AGED 16 OR UNDER?
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to Digital Marmalade's website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
9. HOW LONG WILL DIGITAL MARMALADE KEEP MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with Digital Marmalade.
Where you contribute to digitalmarmalade.co.uk Digital Marmalade will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted.
10. CAN I FIND OUT WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DIGITAL MARMALADE HOLDS ABOUT ME?
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information Digital Marmalade holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We charge £10 for information requests and will require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved photographic identification.) We will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files.
Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer, 65-66 The Maltings, 169 Tower Bridge Road, London, SE1 3LJ (Email: dataprotection@digitalmarmlade.co.uk).
11. WHAT IF I AM ACCESSING DIGITAL MARMALADE WEBSITES OUTSIDE THE UK?
www.digitalmarmalade.co.uk is published in the UK by Digital Marmalade.
12. CHANGES TO DIGITAL MARMALADE'S PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the digitalmarmalade.co.uk website. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page.
13. COOKIES POLICY - INFORMATION DIGITAL MARMALADE COLLECTS FROM YOU
a. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.
Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor the websites to your interests. Users have the opportunity to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all the digitalmarmalade.co.uk features. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
During the course of any visit to digitalmarmalade.co.uk, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
b. How does Digital Marmalade use cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience.
Digital Marmalade also use a number of independent measurement and research companies. They gather information regarding the visitors to Digital Marmalade site on our behalf using cookies, log file data and code which is embedded on our website. Digital Marmalade uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users. Digital Marmalade strictly requires that third parties do not use any information for their own business or other purposes (see paragraph 6 above).
14. CONTACTING DIGITAL MARMALADE ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact;
The Data Protection Officer, 65-66 The Maltings, 169 Tower Bridge Road, London, SE1 3LJ (Email: dataprotection@digitalmarmalade.co.uk).
Top