http://www.prairiewest.net/privacy.php
Home |
Contact
Home
Applications
Blog
Contact
About
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Our policy on videos made with our games is separately found here: Video Policy
Effective date: October 25, 2018
This privacy policy covers this web site and all mobile apps and games (collectively "our Services")
that are offered by Prairie West Software ("us") through various mobile app stores.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving
the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Services, we may require you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information, including but not limited to First Name, Last Name and Email Address.
The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
When you use the "Contact Form" on this web site to contact us, the information that you send to us
will only be used to handle your issue and no other purpose.
After your issue is resolved, the
information that you provided will be discarded.
Some of our Services use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by our apps:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Vungle
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of
an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
memory.
This web site does not use cookies explicitly. However, this web site may use third party code and
libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
These
cookies will never contain any personally identifiable information, however they may be used to monitor
your use of our services anonymously.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to
your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from
our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
this page.
Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
us.
Links
Corona SDK
Cross-platorm mobile development
Host Gator
Great web hosting
Apple iTunes
The world's best app marketplace
Brad Fitzpatrick
Freelance humorous illustrator, animator, character designer and cartoonist
Wise Words
"The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple."
- Oscar Wilde
© 2010 Prairie West Software Consulting   •
Video Policy   •
Site design: Styleshout