http://www.aggsoft.com/privacy.htm
contactsupportorderMODBUSData LoggerCOM Port
All Software
COM Port Software
Data Logger Software
MODBUS Software
OPC Software
Advanced Serial Port Monitor
Advanced Serial Data Logger
Advanced TCP/IP Data Logger
Advanced NMEA Data Logger
GPS Tracker Data Logger
AlarmFront Monitoring
Serial Printer Logger
Advanced OPC Data Logger
Advanced PBX Data Logger
SNMP Data Logger
Advanced USB Port Monitor
Virtual Null Modem
TCP COM Bridge
TCP Splitter
CNC Syntax Editor
DNC Precision
Accurate Printer Monitor
Log Monitor & Export
Privacy policy
AGG Software and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Company," "we," or "us") respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy Statement describes the ways we collect information from and about you, and what we do with the information, so that you may decide whether or not to provide information to us. By accessing our website, or purchasing our products or services you agree to this Privacy Statement in addition to any other agreements we might have with you. This Privacy Statement does not govern the practices of entities that our Company does not own or control, or entities that do not own or control our company or people that our Company does not employ or manage. This Privacy Policy Statement includes the Company's Privacy Policy Statement.
Privacy Policy Statement
Our Collection of your Personal Information
The information we collect may include your personal information, such as your name, contact information, IP addresses, product and service selections and other things that identify you.
We collect personal information from you at several different points, including but not limited to the following:
when we correspond with you as a customer or prospective customer;
when you visit our website or websites;
when you register as an end-user of our products or services and an account is created for you;
when you contact us for help;
when you attend our customer conferences or webinars; and
when you send us error reports or application analytics data.
Our Use of your Personal Information
Our Company may use information that we collect about you to:
deliver the products and services that you have requested;
manage your customer relationship and provide you with customer support;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, or other third parties (this may include newsletters,
tutorials, web site update notices, or notification on the
availability of new products, product updates, maintenance
releases, and beta versions of products);
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and other websites;
determine our discretion in your eligibility to receive product support on
evaluation versions of our software;
enforce our terms and conditions;
manage our business;
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection; and
sell or transfer personal information to third parties for any legally permissible purpose in our
sole discretion.
Information That We Gather and Track
AGG Software only collects personal information which is reasonably
necessary for its dealings with the individuals to whom the information
relates. The types of personal information AGG Software collects will depend
on the particular dealings we have with you.  However, generally, we
collect and hold personal information about existing and prospective
customers, our third party service providers and suppliers, and
employment applicants.
The types of personal information that we collect and hold about these individuals includes, but is not limited to:
Personal identifiers, such as names, company name, contact details (e.g. email address or telephone number), job description and, if applicable, language spoken;
A customer's payment details for the purpose of processing the purchase of our products and services.
Generally, AGG Software collects personal information directly from
the individuals concerned.  For instance, there are times when we may
need to collect information from you through our web sites. This
generally involves filling out forms so you can download or order a
AGG Software or third party product from our web sites. When you download the
products we may ask you to fill out a form with your name and email
address.
AGG Software may also collect personal information about individuals
indirectly from third parties, such as from our business partners, from
third party providers of marketing lists, and through various other
methods, including:
Cookies
Referrers
IP addresses
System information
None of these methods can be used to identify, or reasonably
identify, you with the exception of cookies, which can optionally store
information that you may enter in forms on our Web Sites, as described
below.
Our Disclosure of your Personal Information to Third Parties
We may share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Statement:
we may provide your information to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf;
third party contractors may have access to our databases.
Usually these contractors sign a standard confidentiality agreement;
we may share your data with any parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, other entities under a common control or third party acquirers. We expect these other entities will honor this Privacy Statement;
we may allow a potential acquirer or merger partner to review our databases, although we would restrict their use and disclosure of this data during the diligence phase;
as required by law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process or requirement applicable to our Company; or when we believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our agreements or Company policies; and
other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.
Please note that these third parties may be in other countries where the laws on processing personal information may be less stringent than in your country.
Our Security Measures to Protect your Personal Information
Our Company uses industry-standard technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged between our Company and other companies to help ensure its security. This site has security measures in place to help protect information under our control from the risk of accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure or access. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
Also, if this website contains links to other sites, our Company is not responsible for the security practices or the content of such sites.
Our Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, Web Analytics Services, and Links
Many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services. You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies, please consult the privacy features in your browser.
Web Beacons. Our Company and third parties may also use small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs" to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. These "web beacons" may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our Company's cookie requirements.
Web Analytics Services. We use Google Analytics, a service for the marketing analysis of the site provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to allow us to see how you use our site so we can improve your experience. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use available at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and the Google Privacy Policy available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to the site by disabling cookies in your browser. If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We may create links to other web sites. We will make a reasonable effort to link only to sites that meet similar standards for maintaining each individual's right to privacy. However, many other sites that are not associated with or authorized by our Company may have links leading to our site. Our Company cannot control these links and we are not responsible for any content appearing on these sites. Since this website does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy practices of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose any personal information to others.
Our Company websites may use third parties to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at its web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements and web usage. This Privacy Statement does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you or the methods used by the third parties to collect that information.
Our Retention of your Personal Information
We will retain any personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the business purpose it was collected. We will also retain and use your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
International Transfers of your Personal Information
Information collected from you may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which our Company or agents or contractors maintain facilities, and by accessing our sites and using our services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Your Access to and Updating of your Personal Information
Reasonable access to your personal information may be provided at no cost upon request made to our Company at the contact information provided below. If access cannot be provided within that time frame, our Company will provide the requesting party a date when the information will be provided. If for some reason access is denied, we will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied.
Children's Privacy
Because of the nature of our business, our services are not designed to appeal to minors. We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us immediately.
Your California Privacy Rights
Our Company does not currently respond to browser "Do Not Track" (DNT) signals or other mechanisms. Third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across sites when you visit the Site or use the Service.
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by sending an e-mail to
.
Our site, products, and services are not intended to appeal to minors. However, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of our Site or Service, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an e-mail with a detailed description of the specific content or information to
. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may opt-out of our disclosing personal information about them to third parties for their marketing purposes.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Our Company may amend this Privacy Statement at any time by posting a new version. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Statement periodically as your continued use of this website represents your agreement with the then-current Privacy Statement.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices or concerns of this site, please contact our Privacy Staff at:
or https://support.aggsoft.com/.
Updated: March 29, 2018
Copyright © 1999-2020, AGG Software.
All rights reserved. Terms of use | Privacy policy
site map|contact|support|rs232 software|rs232 pinout|order|news|links