http://www.teenangels.org/privacy.html
I want to be a Teenangel
What do they do?
How do I join?
What if I am homeschooled?
How old do you have to be?
Info for parents
info for schools
Internet Safety
Cyberbullying
Social Networks
Virtual Worlds
Computer Games
Cellphones
Game Devices
Netiquette
Research
Safe and Fun Sites
WiredKids Best of the Web
Teenangels Safe Sites
Teenangels Trailer
Meet the Teenangels
Meet Alina
Meet Brittany
Meet Celia
Meet Hasdit
Meet Janelle
Meet Jennie
Meet John
Meet Katie
Meet Lisa
Meet Natasha
Meet Ross
Meet Scott
Meet Sharon
Meet Steve
Meet Tyler
Teenangels / Privacy Policy
Teenangels Privacy Policy
This policy first discusses our special practices regarding children's privacy. Our policies with respect to other users follows after.
Special Rules For Special Programs
We may have special programs at our site where we permit children to submit e-mails to us without having to be members and without prior parental consent. In those cases, we collect identifying information from children, such as their e-mail address, country or state, age and name. We maintain this information for security purposes and in the event that we need to reach the child. This information is not shared with third parties, unless we need to do so for the safety and well-being of the child (such as to law enforcement, if the child indicates that they are at risk). If their communication is going to be posted or forwarded to others, we endeavor to delete all personally identifying information from the e-mail before posting or further transmission. Only the first name, state or country and the child's age is shared at the site along with their post.
As you know, we are a nonprofit organization, and the provisions of COPPA do not apply to nonprofit entities. However, as one of the leading online privacy and safety programs in the world, we put your child's safety and privacy first, and adhere to the spirit of COPPA and the protection of your children from marketing schemes and predators.
All Teenangels/Tweenangels must obtain parents' offline consent or other verifiable consent before joining, and must get their schools letter of good standing as well.
General Privacy Practices
We don't collect personally identifiable information from our site visitors, unless they submit it to use when they volunteer to become a member of WiredSafety, Teenangels/Tweenangels or send us an e-mail or tip. The information we collect from you, as a volunteer applicant, is voluntarily provided by you as a condition of application and consideration for membership. This will not be shared with anyone outside of WiredSafety, except as may be required by law or our security (except for our demographic information, such as how many women members, etc.). E-mails (once the matter or inquiry is completed) are stored for security purposes, but will not be shared with third parties, except as may be required by law or our security. Subject to the foregoing:
We do not disseminate personally identifiable information about site visitors to third parties.
We do not sell any information, or otherwise share any information about our site visitors with third parties.
We respect your privacy, and do not collect personally identifiable information about our site visitors, except for volunteers and from correspondents.
Certain information, such as the domain name of the Internet access provider used by visitors, when they access our site and the country of origin of such domain, which is anonymous as to individuals and aggregate only, is used for our internal purposes, in order to better develop our site to address our visitors' preferences. We do not use cookies at the site and do not permit banners or other data collection advertisements to be used at our site, in order to ensure your privacy.
Site Search
• Terms of Use
• Reprint Permission • Privacy Policy • WiredSafety.org