http://www.catalyst.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the website (the “Site”) of Catalyst Investors, L.L.C. (“Catalyst”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). This Site is operated by Catalyst and has been created to provide information about us and the services that we provide to our customers and Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out how Catalyst uses and protects any personal data that you provide to us collected through your use of the Site.
Catalyst Investors, L.L.C. is the controller of your personal data collected through your use of our Site pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, as applicable.
Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how Catalyst may process your personal data via your use of our Site.
INDEX
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2. OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
3. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
4. MARKETING
5. OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
6. STORING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
7. DATA RETENTION
8. CHILDREN
9. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
10. SECURITY
11. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
12. CHANGES TO CATALYST’S PRIVACY POLICY
13. YOUR RIGHTS
14. CONTACT US
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you interact with us through the Site we may collect personal data and other information from you, as further described below:
Automated technologies: the servers hosting the Site automatically record certain information about you when you use the Site, including details of your domain name, IP address, operating system and browser. Catalyst may use this information to understand the manner in which pages of the Site have been visited in order to monitor and improve the Site. For further details please see the section on “Cookies and other Similar Technologies” below.
Account information: when you log into your account on our Site, you will be asked to provide your email and password.
Subscribing to newsletters: when you subscribe to the newsletter, you will be asked to provide your first name, last name, email and company.
2. OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
We process the personal data you provide to us to enable us to provide our services to you and for the purposes of our legitimate business interests, including:
to notify you about any changes to our Site;
to enable us to understand the manner in which the pages of the Site have been visited in order to monitor and impose the Site;
to enable you to access our services by logging into your account with us;
to provide you with our newsletter which contains information about our business, including news bulletins, information on exits, new investments and general updates.
If Catalyst intends on using any personal data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the personal data is collected.
3. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
(a)  Our Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer by your web browser when you visit the Site. It is a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises you and your preferences each time you visit our Site, and ensures website functionality and generally improving your experience of the Site.
This Site uses cookies to gather general information about the browsing activities of visitors to this Site. This allows us to constantly improve the Site design by arranging the content in the most user-friendly manner and to continually meet the users’ needs.
The Site may contain electronic images known as “web beacons” – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. We may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Catalyst may also employ web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics and determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. It is our policy to prohibit web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
Catalyst use the following categories of cookies on this Site:
Strictly necessary cookies: these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. For example, authentication and security cookies are used to identify and recognize registered users and to enable them to gain access to requested content or features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Performance cookies: these are analytics and research cookies that allow us to collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. This helps us to improve the way the website works and allows us to test different ideas on the site.
Functionality cookies: these cookies allow our Site to remember the choices you make and your account preferences and to provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, these cookies will remember your log-in details.
Strictly necessary cookies are necessary to provide the Site to you. We use such cookies without your prior consent. All other cookies are dropped after you have consented via the cookie banner on our Site.
We may change our use of cookies over time, but our use of cookies will generally fall into the above categories. Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.
(b)  Opting out of Cookies
You can withdraw your consent at any time, for example by deleting the cookies or by opting out via our opt-out mechanism. If you do not accept all cookies or withdraw your consent, you may still browse the Website; however, in this case you may not be able to use the full functionalities of the Website.
You may also configure the settings of your browser to activate, disable or delete cookies. Detailed instructions are provided by your browser. If you disable or delete cookies, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit the Site and some functionalities may not work.
For more information on cookies and how they can be managed and deleted please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
(c) Third party cookies
Google Analytics
This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as “Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help a website to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the USA.
As the IP anonymization is activated on this Site, your IP address will be truncated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances a full IP address will be saved to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP anonymization is active on this Site. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of this Site, compiling reports on website activity, and providing us with other services relating to the use of this Site and the internet.
You can block the cookie’s collection of data regarding your use of this Site (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser add-on found under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
As an alternative to the browser add-on, you can go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout in order to opt out from being tracked by Google Analytics within this Site in the future. An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device, which means that you will have to click this link again if you delete your cookies
4. MARKETING
Catalyst may also use your personal data to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you.
If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
5. OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION
Catalyst is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your personal data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business Transfers: as we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data may be part of the transferred assets.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Catalyst, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include supporting our general business functions and to send our newsletters. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function and we will ensure these third parties treat your personal data as confidential.
Legal Requirements: Catalyst may disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Catalyst, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
6. STORING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data collected via our Site will be stored on servers located in the United States. Transfers to the United States will be necessary for Catalyst to provide its services via the Site. If you would like further details please use the contact details provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
7. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
8. CHILDREN
Catalyst does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal data on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to Catalyst through this Site, please contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
9. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Catalyst (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that Catalyst endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
10. SECURITY
Catalyst takes reasonable steps to protect the personal data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to Catalyst.
11. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Use.
12. CHANGES TO CATALYST’S PRIVACY POLICY
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Catalyst to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Catalyst reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any personal data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy will indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
13. YOUR RIGHTS
To keep your personal data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct personal data in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Site.
For individuals based in the EEA: you may have the right to: request (a) access the to your personal data we hold about you; (b) request we correct any inaccurate personal data we hold about you; (c) request we delete any personal data we hold about you; (d) restrict the processing of personal data we hold about you; (e) object to the processing of personal data we hold about you; and/or (f) receive any personal data we hold about you in a structured and commonly used machine-readable format or have such personal data transmitted to another company.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing information requested to you. We will process any request in line with any local laws and our policies and procedures. If you are located in the EEA, you have the right to lodge a complaint about how we process your personal information with the supervisory authority in your country.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
14. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or how we process your personal data, you can contact us directly at [email protected].
We have appointed DPR Group as our EU data protection representative. If you have any questions about Catalyst Investors’ Privacy Policy, please email [email protected] (quoting Catalyst Investors in the subject line) or contact DPR Group by contacting them online at www.dpr.eu.com/datarequest. When you contact us or our EU data protection representative, we will do our best to address any concerns you may have about our processing of your personal data.
We use cookies to provide the services and features on our website and help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. For more information about how we use cookies please see our
PRIVACY POLICY
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES REJECT ALL COOKIES MANAGE PREFERENCESPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our
Privacy Policy
.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Functionality
functionality
These cookies allow our website to remember the choices you make and your account preferences and to provide enhanced, more personal features.
Analytics
analytics
Analytics cookies help us understand how our visitors interact with the website. It helps us understand the number of visitors, where the visitors are coming from, and the pages they navigate. The cookies collect this data and are reported anonymously.
Save & Accept