https://www.cdtltd.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Issued with effect from 16th October 2018
Cambridge Display Technology Limited (Company Number 02672530) (“CDT” / “we” / “our” / “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Cookie Policy (together with our Site Terms of Use and Privacy Notice (together with any other documents referred to in them) set out the basis on which any personal information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, when using this site (www.cdtltd.co.uk), will be processed.
This policy explains what cookies are and explains how, as well as why, they may be stored on and accessed from your computer or device when you use this site (www.cdtltd.co.uk).
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
Information about our use of cookies
Our site uses cookies (text files placed on your computer) which, if you agree, will collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the site and to compile statistical reports on site activity.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and information on how to remove cookies from your browser can be found here: https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies. In a few cases, however, some of our site features may not work as a result.
We use the following cookies
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Service
Purpose
Google Analytics
_gid : Used to distinguish users.
_ga : Used to distinguish users.
_gat : Used to Throttle request rate.
WordFence
wordfence_verifiedHuman: Used for the security of the site.
Changes to this cookie policy
We may amend this Cookie Policy from time to time. Please check this Cookie Policy regularly to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. This Cookie Policy was last updated on 15 October 2018.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy or how we handle your personal information please contact us by sending an e mail to dataprotection@cdtltd.co.uk or writing to us at CDT General Counsel, CDT Ltd, Unit 12, cardinal Park, Cardinal Way, Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire, PE29 2XG, UK.