http://www.almico.com/forumprivacy.php
You are
logged in as
anonymous
Register
Username
Password
Home
History
Support
Articles
Screenshots
Download
F.A.Q.
Beta Area
Advertise here
SpeedFan 4.52
Copyright 2000-2020 by Alfredo Milani Comparetti
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site.
These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email
address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like
more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
information used by these companies, click here.
Information collected upon registration
In order to be able to post your votes and opinions, you need to register. Registered users
can access special areas, download beta versions and view additional content.
The data collected is:
a username of your choice
an email (that will be verified by sending a confirmation link)
a password (that will be stored encrypted with a one way method)
The way we use information about registered users
Currently, collected information are used for nothing else but for user registration.
Collected data is shared with nobody else.
No newsletter is sent, no ads or the likes are sent.
Survey data is collected in a completely anonymous form and
only the final figures are published to represent this website's audience.
If this policy will ever change, you will be given the opportunity to opt-in.
How to contact us
If you need any further info, feel free to send an email to speedfanprivacy [at] almico.com
Web
www.almico.com
Page generated in 0.0175 seconds
Powered by (new)...
Page viewed 897555 times
United States
Did you know that SpeedFan has an
feed?
Privacy policy