http://www.versaedge.com/privacy/
Support
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to VersaEdge Software, LLC ("VersaEdge" or "we") mobile applications ("Apps") and Websites.
It is meant to help you understand what data is collected, why it is collected, and what VersaEdge does with it.
Please read this policy carefully.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Device Information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device/user identifiers, advertising identifiers, hardware specifications, and network connectivity information).
Log Information
We collect details of how you use our Apps or Websites, such as what parts of the products you go to and for how long.
Events such as crashes are also collected.
Location Information
We may collect and process information about your actual location.
Attraction Wait Times Information
Users can voluntarily submit wait times for attractions within amusement parks in some of our Apps.
Local Storage
We may collect and store information on your device.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect to improve our products, develop new ones, and to offer you relevant features and content.
All of the information gathered is anonymous and cannot be tied to a specific individual.
USER CHOICE
Some of what we collect, such as advertising identifiers and location information, can be disabled on the device.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We may share non-personally identifiable information with partners such as advertisers and analytics providers.
For legal reasons, we will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of VersaEdge if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure is necessary to: meet applicable law or regulation, enforce terms of service, detect or prevent fraud, and protect against harm to the rights of our users by law.
WHEN THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the software products and services offered by VersaEdge.
It does not apply to services and products offered by other companies including those that may be advertised in our apps and on our websites.
CHANGES
Our Privacy Policy may change. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page.
Copyright 2001-2019 VersaEdge Software, LLC.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy