https://www.edenmarketing.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Eden Marketing operates the www.edenmarketing.com website, which provides the SERVICE. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies.
Our policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use:
While using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain identifiable information. This may include your name, phone number, and email address.
Log Data:
We want to inform you that we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data includes information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, and visited pages.
Cookies:
Cookies are files with small amount of data and an anonymous unique identifier. Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
SECURITY AND OTHER INFORMATION
Security:
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information. As a result, we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable. We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites:
Our Service may contain links to other sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian, please contact us so that we will be able to take necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Accessibility Statement
Eden Marketing is committed to:
Maintaining an accessible website.
Ensuring that this website achieves “Level AA” conformance to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0, to comply with the National Disability Authority’s Code of Practice on Accessibility of Public Services and Information Provided by Public Bodies.
Ensuring that all new information on the website will achieve “Level AA” conformance to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0.
Including accessibility when we procure 3rd-party systems or upgrades to existing systems.
Areas for Improvement:
We are aware of some areas on the website where we could improve accessibility. We are currently working to achieve this. We hope that this website will achieve “Level AA” conformance to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 within the next twelve months.
How to Send Feedback:
We welcome feedback on the accessibility of this site and encourage you to contact us here with any concerns.
Copyright ©
Eden Marketing, LLC All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy & Accessibility
Copyright ©
Eden Marketing, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy & Accessibility