http://www.ascio-wireless.com/legal/
Welcome to ascio-wireless.com. ASCIO Wireless provides their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit ascio-wireless.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to ascio-wireless.com.
Electronic Communications
When you visit ascio-wireless.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of ASCIO Wireless or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of ASCIO Wireless and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of ASCIO Wireless or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
ASCIO Wireless; and other marks indicated on our site are registered trademarks of ASCIO Wireless. All graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of ASCIO Wireless. ASCIO Wireless’ trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ASCIO Wireless’, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits ASCIO Wireless. All other trademarks not owned by ASCIO Wireless that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by ASCIO Wireless.
License and Site Access
ASCIO Wireless grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of ASCIO Wireless. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of ASCIO Wireless. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of ASCIO Wireless and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing ASCIO Wireless’ name or trademarks without the express written consent of ASCIO Wireless. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by ASCIO Wireless. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of ASCIO Wireless so long as the link does not portray ASCIO Wireless, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any ASCIO Wireless logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Copyright Complaints
ASCIO Wireless and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us at info@ascio-wireless.com.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided by ASCIO Wireless on an “as is” and “as available” basis. ASCIO Wireless makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, ASCIO Wireless disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. ASCIO Wireless does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from ASCIO Wireless are free of viruses or other harmful components. ASCIO Wireless will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Applicable Law
By visiting ascio-wireless.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Massachusetts, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and ASCIO Wireless.
Site Policies, Modification, And Severability
Please review our other policies posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to ascio-wireless.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Our Address
ASCIO Wireless
P.O. Box 206
East Walpole, MA 02032
Privacy Notice
This web site is the responsibility of ASCIO Wireless. ASCIO Wireless can be contacted by mail at P.O. Box 206, East Walpole, MA, 02032, USA, by phone at 781-762-0200, or by e-mail at info@ascio-wireless.com. The following policy applies to www.ascico-wireless.com and all other web sites owned and operated by ASCIO Wireless.
ASCIO Wireless does not collect personally identifying information about individuals, except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. A user’s personally identifiable information (e.g., name, street, e-mail address) may be required in certain instances. For example, if you want us to contact you regarding services, you may be required to provide information in order for us to reach you. We may use personally identifiable information for internal marketing and promotional purposes. ASCIO Wireless may send you e-mail alerting you to new features, products, promotions, or services pertaining to our site. Except as stated in the privacy policy or at the time of collection, user’s personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside ASCIO Wireless unless stated at the time of collection.
ASCIO Wireless does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of (13) thirteen.
Policy Changes
ASCIO Wireless reserves the right to change this policy at any time.
What Can ASCIO Build For You?
Enter your contact details below or call us at (781) 762-0200 to schedule a project consultation.
Contact Name *
Contact Phone *
Contact Email *
Company Name *
Brief inquiry description *
Note: household services are not available.
Code *
Please leave this field empty.
Schedule a Project Consultation Today! Call (781) 762-0200