http://www.securitymetrics.com/hipaa-policies
Contact Us
Store
Log In
PCI
PCI Compliance
PCI Policies
PCI Training
PCI DSS Audit
PA-DSS Audit
P2PE Audit
Acquirer PCI Program
PCI Compliance for Small Businesses
PIN Security Assessment
HIPAA
HIPAA Compliance
HIPAA for Small Practices
HIPAA Audits for Covered Entities
HIPAA Audits for Business Associates
HIPAA for Health Networks
HIPAA Policies
HIPAA Training
HITRUST
GDPR
SOC/SIEM
Data Security
Vulnerability Scan (ASV)
Penetration Testing
Managed Firewall
NIST 800-30 Risk Assessment
Security Training
Card Data Discovery
PII Data Discovery
Internal Scan
Mobile Security
EI3PA Compliance
Consulting
Reseller
Ecommerce Security
Webpage Integrity Monitoring (WIM)
Shopping Cart Inspect
Shopping Cart Monitor
Incident Response
eDiscovery
Learn
Blog
Learning Center
Data Security Academy
SecurityMetrics Summit
Company
Our Story
News
Careers
Contact
Find out what HIPAA policies you need
Talk to a Specialist
×
HIPAA Privacy And Security Policies
HIPAA Privacy And Security Policies
Request a Quote
×
Comprehensive For Compliance, Customizable For Security
Customizable HIPAA privacy and security policy templates to help your organization protect patient data and comply with the HIPAA Privacy, Security, and Breach Notification Rules.
Pathway to HIPAA privacy and security policy implementation
Document Policies
Implement Policies
Review Policies
Document Policies
Your data is one of your most important assets. Without proper policies in place, your employees may do things to place your data in jeopardy. SecurityMetrics HIPAA privacy and security policies help you with correct documentation on security practices, processes, and policies to protect your organization from data theft and achieve compliance with HIPAA regulations. Our policies include a Business Associate Agreement template to help you and your BAs stay protected.
Implement Policies
A policy is only as good as its enforcement. As you implement, share, and monitor privacy and security policy guidelines throughout your organization you may run into questions. SecurityMetrics templates are customizable to match your organization, this helps ensure all necessary points are addressed and you are implementing compliance mandates correctly. SecurityMetrics support representatives work with you to ensure understanding and proper policy implementation.
Review Policies
Your privacy and security policies need to be reviewed on a regular basis to ensure they are updated with changes in your business. This also helps ensure your employees don't forget the important policies and procedures. SecurityMetrics is available to periodically help you review policies and revise when necessary.
Top Reasons To Use SecurityMetrics For HIPAA Security Policies
Customizable HIPAA Privacy And Security Templates
All organizations have different processes used to handle, store, or transmit sensitive patient data. SecurityMetrics offers flexible policy templates that allow you to customize privacy and security policies to address specific processes and risks identified during your organization's risk analysis.
Comprehensive Coverage
Compliance with the HIPAA standard requires a number of privacy and security policies that address processes throughout your organization. SecurityMetrics HIPAA privacy and security policies include 45 templates that provide a comprehensive policy solution for HIPAA Privacy, Security, and Breach Notification Rules creating the blueprint for your HIPAA compliance efforts.
Built To Work With Existing HIPAA Policies And Procedures
Many organizations have already established some of the policies required for HIPAA compliance. SecurityMetrics' flexible templates let you keep your existing policies and implement only the policies missing from your organization—saving you time, money, and headaches that accompany process changes.
Designed For Data Security
We understand that HIPAA compliance is just part of the path toward the ultimate destination of data security. SecurityMetrics policies are designed with a security focus that will help you comply with the HIPAA mandate and create measurable improvements to patient data security.
Business Associate Agreement
Defining expectations and responsibilities with business associates (BA) is crucial for HIPAA compliance. Along with our Business Associate Agreement (BAA) template we provide additional documents that outline the HIPAA requirements for BA, whether a BAA is needed and suggestions on implementation of the policy.
What's Included In Our HIPAA Policy Templates
HIPAA Privacy Policies and Procedures
Patient Rights
Accounting of Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Amendment of Protected Health Information
Complaints
Notice of Privacy Practices
Patient Access to Protected Health Information
Request for Alternative Communication
Restrictions to Permitted Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Authorization for Release of Protected Health Information
Disclosure of Alcohol and Substance/Drug Abuse Records
Marketing and Fundraising
Minimum Necessary for Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
Responding to Subpoena and Court Order
Use and Disclosure of Limited Data Sets
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information for Research
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information for the Directory
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information Permitted and Required by Law without Authorization
General Rules
Business Associate and Business Associate Agreement
Emailing Protected Health Information
Faxing Protected Health Information
Personal Representatives
Safeguarding and Storing Protected Health Information
Verification of Identity and Authority of Persons Requesting Protected
Health Information
Administrative
Breach of Protected Health Information and Breach Notification
De-Identification of Protected Health Information
Designed Record Set
Privacy Official Designation
Sanctions
Documentation
Destruction of Protected Health Information
Retention of Protected Health Information
HIPAA Security Policies and Procedures
HIPAA Information Security Policy
Business Associate Compliance Monitoring
Business Continuity Plan
Business Impact Analysis
Data Integrity Procedures
Employee Handbook
Firewall Configuration Standards
Incident Response
Job Descriptions
Network Time Protocol (NTP) Configuration Procedures
Operating Procedures
Physical Security Procedures
Risk Treatment Proposal
Security Awareness Training Procedure
Vulnerability Discovery and Risk Ranking
Workstation Functions
Here's What Our Customers Are Saying
Billye Jo Ritchey, Effingham Surgical Associates
SecurityMetrics updated me, we reviewed office policies, and they gave me educational advice for the practice I manage. They spent a great deal of time with me so I felt confident and comfortable. I feel they went above and beyond. Thank you SecurityMetrics!
Kathleen Arnone, Financial Coordinator, Douglas G. Hammond, DMD, MSD
SecurityMetrics has been invaluable in guiding our office in the process of HIPAA compliance along with PCI compliance. Every team member has been professional, knowledgeable, and prompt with service. An exceptional experience all around!
Mary Jo Marchionni, Joint Replacement Institute
SecurityMetrics helped me navigate through the maze of compliance issues. Excellent customer service!
Cheryl Jennings, Priority Medical Billing Service, LLC
SecurityMetrics has been a great help to my business and took a great deal off of my shoulders. The staff is terrific to work with. Thank you!
Dr. Sandy Sheehan, Cape Fear Podiatry
SecurityMetrics has taken the worry out of compliance. They worked hand in hand with my Information Technology Specialist providing an action plan after performing an in-depth risk analysis.
Liz Ford, Practice Manager, Vein Center of New Mexico
Templates were pre-made which made it easy for me to write the policies.
Resources
Data Sheet
HIPAA Privacy and Security Policies
HIPAA Privacy and Security Policies Data Sheet
Guide
SecurityMetrics Guide to HIPAA Compliance
SecurityMetrics Guide to HIPAA Compliance
VIEW ALL
Related Links
Guide
SecurityMetrics Guide to HIPAA Compliance
We intend our guide to be a “deskside” reference for the day-to-day and recurring demands of HIPAA compliance. It’s meant to strike a balance between generally informative and specifically practical. Those who use our guide report that it is “thorough and detailed-oriented. Very helpful.”
Webinar
How To Prepare For A HIPAA Audit
A HIPAA compliance audit is one way to fill holes that lead hackers to your patient data. In this webinar, we'll discuss the steps to prepare for a HIPAA audit.
Resource Center
COVID-19 Cyber Attacks Security Update Center
We recognize that businesses everywhere are operating in uncharted territory. Amid the chaos and uncertainty, SecurityMetrics remains steadfast in our mission to help you close compliance gaps and prevent data breaches. We stand ready to help with your security concerns, education, and content needs at this time.
Academy
SecurityMetrics Academy
Academy contains videos, quizzes, and external resources on topics like security policies and encryption. Our intent is to help SMBs like franchisees, small merchants, and healthcare practices address specific cybersecurity risks businesses may face.
Podcast
SecurityMetrics Podcast
This podcast is intended to help businesses of all sizes as well as individuals–whether security professionals or not. We want to break security concepts down well enough that anyone can understand the top cybersecurity threats and how to deal with them.
Guide
SecurityMetrics Guide to PCI DSS Compliance
The SecurityMetrics Guide to PCI DSS Compliance will help you understand current PCI requirements and trends, so that you can better protect data from inevitable future attacks.
Request a Quote for HIPAA Policies
Request a Quote for HIPAA Policies
Request a Quote
×
COMPLIANCE
GDPR Compliance
PCI Compliance
PCI DSS Audit
PCI Level 4 Program
PA DSS Audit
P2PE Audit
PIN Security Assessment
PCI Policies
HIPAA Compliance
HIPAA Policies
HIPAA Training
HIPAA BA Program
HITRUST
DATA SECURITY
Vulnerability Scan
Penetration Testing
Security Training
PANscan®
SecurityMetrics Vision
SecurityMetrics Mobile
GSA Schedule HACS
Consulting
Reseller
Forensic/Incident Response
eDiscovery
Data and Network Security
Data Security Academy
Webpage Integrity Monitoring (WIM)
Shopping Cart Inspect
Shopping Cart Monitor
COMPANY
Our Story
Blog
Media Relations
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy
Privacy Rights Requests
Abuse
Contact
Contact Us
STAY UP TO DATE
STAY UP TO DATE
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR BLOG
Subscribe
Your IP Address is:
©
SecurityMetrics Inc., All Rights Reserved.