https://www.onlinefax.com/policy.html
Blog
Sitemap
866-809-0399
Home
Products
FAQ
Get A Quote
Testimonials
Contact
Online Fax Privacy Policy
Onlinefax.com Policy
When using online technology, protecting your personal information is always a concern. You offer up a lot of personal information and you trust us to keep it safe. Below, please find the Online Fax Privacy Policy, which details exactly what information gets translated to us when you receive or send a fax. For more information on the Privacy Policy, please visit the contact page.
Information Privacy
Online Fax collects information from your entries to fill out a form. When ordering or corresponding on our site, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may visit our site anonymously.
Information Security
OnlineFax.com implements a variety of high-level security measures to ensure the safety of your personal information.
Disclosure
Your information-including e-mail addresses, company fax numbers and personal information--will not be sold, traded, shared or otherwise transferred to outside parties, companies or corporations. This does not include entrusted third party business partners we've contracted to assist us with our e-commerce related activities.
Tracking and Cookie Policy
Online Fax does not use search engine services or tools, nor do we allow any third party to use search engine services or tools to track or collect personally identifiable information of Internet users. We do not use search engine services or tools, nor do we allow any third party to use search engine services or tools to associate any data gathered from this website or such third party website(s) with any personal, identifying information from any source. Our policies and practices are in compliance with all applicable laws relating to the collection of information from visitors to our website(s). NOTICE - ONLINEFAX.COM AND AUTHORIZED AFFILIATES USE COOKIES TO COLLECT ANONYMOUS TRAFFIC DATA.
Consent
You are consenting to our privacy policy by using the site.
Policy Changes
Updates and changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
This policy was modified on 07/30/2010.
Contact
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at:
http://www.onlinefax.com/internet-fax-contact.html
support@globalaccessinc.com
Global Access, Inc.
660 Fitzhugh Boulevard
Smyrna, TN
37167
PH: 615-333-2577
OnLiine Fax: 615-312-0803
PH: 615-333-2577   Toll Free:866-809-0399   OnLine Fax: 615-312-0803  Copyright ©2011 Global Access, Inc.    All rights reserved
|
Privacy Policy | TOS | Spam Fax Policy | Sitemap