https://www.globaldatavault.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our assurance about your privacy
Privacy Policy
Global Data Vault is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, our website visitors and our employees. We have established this policy which outlines our commitment to your privacy in detail.
Use of Personal Information
We may gather information from you in three ways. First, we may collect personally identifying information including name, telephone number, address and email that you supply to us through forms and portals you assess. Second, we may collect and store information about your visit to this site in aggregated data that does not identify you. Third, we may collect and store information through the use of “cookies.” The term “cookies” refers to lines of text that are transmitted to your web browser when you visit a site, providing a way for a server to recall a previous request or previous registration. We use all of this information to help maintain accurate accounts, to provide and to change services, to provide accurate billing, to answer your inquiries, to market our services and products, and to help make our website useful to you. We do not market to or collect personal information about children under 13 years of age.
Sharing Information
The information that we obtain from you is generally necessary for us to provide your services and to design new services for your future use. As a general rule, GDV will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties personal information gathered online about you without your consent. The only exceptions to this rule are: (1) when we work with affiliated businesses, partners, or agents to develop a relationship with you or to perform services for you on our behalf or (2) as may be required by lawful requests by public authorities such as through a subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or in the case of imminent physical harm to you or others. In the case of (1) above, we require the relevant businesses, partners, or agents to adhere to our policies regarding the use and protection of your personal information.
E-mail Communication
We and our affiliated businesses, partners, and agents may use e-mail to communicate to our customers, respond to visitors’ e-mails, or to inform you about events or new products. We will not send commercial solicitations via e-mail to you if you request that they not be sent.
Choice
You may choose to “opt out” of (a) any third-party sharing of personal information by GDV (except pursuant to item (2) of “Sharing Information” above) or email communication as permitted above or (b) GDV’s use of personal information you feel is incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or authorized by you. If you wish to “opt out,” please contact GDV with such request via email at privacy@globaldatavault.com or via mail at 900 Jackson Street, Ste 220, Dallas, Texas 75202. Attn: Privacy Officer. GDV does not intend to collect any “sensitive information,” however in the event that GDV does collect any “sensitive information,” you will be given an affirmative “opt in” choice for any third-party sharing of such information by GDV or if it is to be used for a purpose other than that for which it was originally collected or authorized by you.
Access
If you wish to obtain a copy of the personal information collected by GDV or to correct, amend, or delete personal information collected by GDV, please contact GDV with such request via email at privacy@globaldatavault.com or via mail at 900 Jackson Street, Ste 220, Dallas, Texas 75202. Attn: Privacy Officer.
Security
GDV exercises generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information provided to or collected by us. In the case of item (1) of “Sharing Information” above, we require the relevant businesses, partners, or agents to adhere to our policies regarding the use and protection of your personal information.
Modifications/Enforcement
GDV reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice in GDV’s sole discretion. Such modifications shall be effective when posted. If you have any inquiries or concerns regarding GDV’s privacy policy or our compliance with this privacy policy, please contact GDV via email at privacy@globaldatavault.com or via mail at 900 Jackson Street, Ste 220, Dallas, Texas 75202. Attn: Privacy Officer. If you believe that GDV has operated in a manner inconsistent with or in violation of this Privacy Policy, please contact GDV immediately, via email at privacy@globaldatavault.com or via mail at 900 Jackson Street, Ste 220, Dallas, Texas 75202. Attn: Privacy Officer, to remedy the inconsistency or problem.