https://www.vdci.edu/privacy/
Privacy Policy
VDCI Opt-In and Privacy Policy
LAST MODIFIED: 01 March, 2018
VDCI (defined below) has created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices. By visiting our website/s (“Website”) and/or completing a quick contact form, taking one of our free courses, filling out a paper or online lead-capture form, application, or registration, or entering the a third-Party or direct Institution-sponsored contest, sweepstakes, or promotion (“Promotion”), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. It is important that visitors are fully informed about the use of their Personal Information. We believe in 100% permission-based marketing ONLY. For purposes herein, the use of the terms “Institution”, “we” or “us” means the Virtual Design and Construction Institute (VDCI) and any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or assigns. The term “Website” shall refer to any and all web properties owned and/or controlled by the Institution including, but not limited to, main corporate website, Facebook page/s, blogs, Twitter page, LinkedIn and other social media pages and sites, special landing pages, etc.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU:
By registering with us through any of the aforementioned methods, you “opt-in” to receive relevant marketing offers from us sufficient to fulfill your specific request AND to receive additional marketing communications at our discretion until/unless you opt-out. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Personal Information shall mean individually identifiable information from or about an individual including, but not limited to: (a) first and last name; (b) mailing or physical address, including street name, city or town, state, and postal zip code; (c) an e-mail address; (d) a telephone number; and/or (e) any other information from or about an individual that is combined with any of (a) through (d) above and is provided either optionally or as “required.”
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
VDCI will NEVER SHARE, SELL, OR TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DEFINED ABOVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY EXCEPT AS INDICATED BELOW. Postal mail, email, and/or telephone lists of Institution site visitors, leads, prospects, and customers/students are never offered for sale or rent to third party marketers. The information that you submit to us remains your property. By registering with us, you grant us the right to use such information for marketing purposes and to enhance your experience with the Institution in our efforts to meet your relevant needs. The Institution may use such information to (i) directly communicate certain offers to you via e-mail, telephone, direct mail, mobile telephone text messaging (including, without limitation, SMS and/or MMS) and other methods; (ii) to monitor compliance with our Terms and Conditions; and (iii) for content improvement and feedback purposes. We will also use your Personal Information for customer service; to provide you with information that you may request, to provide you with information regarding new services or promotions available at our Website, to customize your experience on the Website and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on the Website. We may also use your Personal Information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Website or to administer activities on our behalf. We also reserve the right to release current or past user information in the event that: (i) we believe that the user is using, or has used, our products, services and/or Website: (a) in violation of the Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules, official contest rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published by us from time to time; and/or (b) to commit unlawful acts; (ii) if such information is subpoenaed; (iii) if we are sold or acquired; (iv) or when we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to share and/or otherwise distribute any and all personal information with/to any third party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. In addition, by registering at the Website, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR § 310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the “ATSR”) and applicable state do-not-call regulations. Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the ATSR and the applicable state do-not-call regulations. You may unsubscribe (opt-out) from any of our e-mail marketing programs or lists at any time, however, unsubscribing from one list does not necessarily exclude you from all communications from the Institution. By registering for our site, you are indicating that you have read and agree to this Privacy Policy and of its all terms and conditions, and you further acknowledge and agree that you understand how and under what circumstances the personal information you provide will be used. You also agree to receive marketing promotions and other solicitations from this Website and the Institution based on the information you provide on this Website, and expressly agree to be contacted by this Website or the Institution through direct mail, phone, pre-recorded message, SMS text and/or email per the conditions stated above.
HOW WE USE DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION & AGGREGATE DATA:
We may use demographic information to tailor the Website to the interests of our users. Demographic information may also be shared with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to provide aggregate or group data about our users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage or characteristics of our participants as a group, without disclosing personally identifiable information. By registering with us, you agree to allow us to provide such aggregate data to third parties. By agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate.
YOUR IP ADDRESS:
Each time that you visit the Website, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address and the web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather relevant broad demographic information about you. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Website and to better serve you in using the services and other features contained within the Website.
COOKIES & ACTION TAGS:
When a user provides an e-mail address during registration at the Website, we may assign an identification number to that e-mail address and deploy a cookie to the applicable user’s PC. Whenever that user comes back to the Website using the same PC, the cookie allows the Website to identify the user and to recall the user’s e-mail address. Other registration information provided by a user during registration (such as name, address, etc.), may be stored along with the user’s e-mail address, in our user database. We may use the information stored in our database: (i) to effectuate the purpose or transaction for which the information was originally provided by a user; (ii) to pre-populate information fields in the event a user wishes to purchase products and/or services or sign up for and/or subscribe to services, Promotions or other offers in the future; (iii) to ensure that a user will not be repeatedly exposed to the same advertisements, offers and/or Promotions while visiting the Website; and/or (iv) to, in connection with regular communication with a user, include offers, Promotions or advertisements that were historically, or are likely to be, of interest to that user. We also use cookies to anonymously track and target the interests of our users to further enhance the experience on the Website. To find out more about cookies, including how to disable and/or remove cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or actions by visitors who view certain advertisements or other information on the Website. Action tags are 1×1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information. We may use action tags to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular banner ad or visit the pages of the Website and to provide information about what products are viewed or purchased. We reserve the right to retain this cookie and action tag data indefinitely. At no time will we share cookie-related, action-tag-related and/or generated information or data with third parties.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES:
Please be aware that the Website may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and/or operated by third parties. Such websites have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please review each applicable website’s privacy policy. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for, the accuracy of the privacy polices and/or terms and conditions of each of the third parties’ websites accessible through this Website. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit Personal Information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these third parties directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
SECURITY:
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users’ Personal Information. When users submit Personal Information at the Website, their Personal Information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any Personal Information offline). The privacy of your Personal Information is very important to us. When our registration process asks users to submit sensitive Personal Information, and when we transmit such sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. Access to your Personal Information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your Personal Information is not accessible to the public. The servers that we store Personal Information in are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of Personal Information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your Personal Information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your Personal Information; provided, however, that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software constitutes a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your Personal Information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our Website is at your own risk. All of our users’ Personal Information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the Personal Information to perform a specific job are granted access to Personal Information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user Personal Information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your Personal Information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.
MINORS:
Individuals under the age of eighteen (18) are not permitted to register for or participate in any of the Promotions that we offer. No information should be submitted to, or posted at the Website by individuals under the age of eighteen (18) without the prior consent of their parent or guardian. Notwithstanding the foregoing, children thirteen (13) years of age and younger are not permitted to access the Website and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from such children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
REMOVAL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION/OPTING OUT:
Users may unsubscribe from receiving e-mails at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every automated or subscription-based e-mailing. Unsubscribe requests can only be processed if you have registered with us in the first instance. If you have not registered with us and wish to opt out of receiving e-mails from a particular sender, please consult that sender’s opt out policies or contact that sender. At your request, we will remove from our mailing and telemarketing call lists Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may do so by sending an e-mail to learn@VDCI.edu. Be advised that deleting your Personal Information or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from us or third parties will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on the Website and for managing future communications received from us. These deletions will not change or delete Personal Information already collected as part of a particular transaction in our database, which may have already been shared with third parties as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact third parties who may contact you directly to change your preferences or your Personal Information that they may be using to contact you.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS:
By using the Website including, without limitation, registering for and entering any Promotion, signing up for offers and/or continuing to receive information from us, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website or acceptance of our e-mails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes and agree to continue receiving e-mail from us.
CUSTOMER SERVICE:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our practices or your dealings with the Website, please e-mail us at registrar@VDCI.edu, or send a letter to Registrar, Virtual Design & Construction Institute, 3904 Groton Street, San Diego, CA 92110 or call 619-758-9300.