https://www.pervidi.org/home/privacy/
Skip to content(800) 361-8725Schedule DemoFacebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowHomeAbout UsSolutionsOverviewInspection ManagementDVIR – Driver Vehicle Inspection ReportElectronic LogbooksFacility ManagementField ServiceAsset ManagementProduct HighlightsCOVID-19Proximity AlertsCustomer e-LogbookPricingWhy PervidiClientsContactTechs4Biz Privacy StatementLast Updated: November 10, 2020Your privacy is very important to us. This privacy statement explains what personal data Techs4Biz collects from you and how we use that data, through our interactions with you and through our products.Techs4Biz offers a range of software products, and this statement applies to Techs4Biz’s interactions with you and the Techs4Biz products.Pervidi Website CookiesMost Tecsh4Biz sites and software use “cookies”, small text files that can be read by a web server in the domain that put the cookie on your hard drive.  Cookies allow us, among other things, to store your preferences and settings; enable you to sign-in; combat fraud; and analyze how our websites and online services are performing. Techs4Biz apps may use other identifiers for similar purposes.We may use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help you with signing in, and analyze site operations.  Any use of Cookies serve the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.You have a variety of tools to control cookies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our products.Many Techs4Biz products are intended for use by organizations and are administered to you by your organization. Your use of Techs4Biz products may be subject to your organization’s policies, if any. If your organization is administering your use of the Techs4Biz products, please direct your privacy inquiries to your administrator.Techs4Biz is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.Pervidi Paperless Solutions Apps The Pervidi Paperless Solution collects some Personal Data from its Users.  In particular:The Pervidi Proximity configuration uses LOCATION services in the background to search for nearby beacons in order to identify proximity and alert users. Pervidi does NOT use the LOCATION service to identify or record our users’ physical location.  Since user information is managed by our customers, Pervidi does not collect any personal information from users.Pervidi eLog does not automatically collect information from our users. Authorized eLog users can type patrons information including patron’s name and telephone number.  No other information is collected by Pervidi.Pervidi Paperless Inspections does not collect any personal information from our users.Pervidi uses personal information for the purpose of providing the required App functionality.  Personal information is never shared, sold, or provided to any 3rd party (unless required by law).Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. In order to learn more about the protection criteria, Users can refer to the applicability section.  This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.Owner and Data ControllerTechs4Biz Corporation, 15 Allstate Parkway, Suite 600, Markham, Ontario, Canada  L3R5B4.  Owner contact email: support@techs4biz.comTypes of Data collectedThe Pervidi Paperless Inspections Apps do not collect any personal data from its Users.  All data in Pervidi is supplied by your company.The Pervidi Apps do not collect personal data from its users.  All data in Pervidi is supplied by your company.  Pervidi uses Location-Services in the background to identify and record proximity between two users for workplace proximity purposes only.  Pervidi does not use the Location services to capture or record the physical location of its users.The Pervidi eLog Apps collect personal data (of patrons) recorded by its user.  Among the types of Personal Data that the Pervidi eLog Apps collect: Usage Data; first name; last name; phone number; address; email address; various types of Data.  Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Pervidi eLog.  Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Pervidi eLog and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to Techs4Biz.Data about Usage of Techs4Biz Products or Services is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs and location information. This information includes specific data about your interactions with the features and content contained within Techs4Biz Products, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data, and some of this data collected might be capable of and be used to approximate your location.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact Techs4Biz.Methods of processingTechs4Biz takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.   The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to Techs4Biz, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Pervidi (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by Techs4Biz. The updated list of these parties may be requested from Techs4Biz at any time.Legal basis of processingTechs4Biz may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations Techs4Biz may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Techs4Biz is subject;processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in Techs4Biz;processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Techs4Biz or by a third party.In any case, Techs4Biz will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.PlaceThe Data is processed at Techs4Biz’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.  Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own.If broader protection standards are applicable, Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by Techs4Biz to safeguard their Data.Retention timePersonal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.  Therefore:Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between Techs4Biz and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.Personal Data collected for the purposes of Techs4Biz’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by Techs4Biz within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting Techs4Biz.Techs4Biz may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, Techs4Biz may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.The purposes of processingThe Data concerning the User is collected to allow Techs4Biz to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Displaying content from external platforms, Traffic optimization and distribution, Contacting the User and Hosting and back-end infrastructure.The rights of UsersUsers may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by Techs4Biz.Users entitled to broader protection standards may exercise any of the rights described below. In all other cases, Users may inquire with Techs4Biz to find out which rights apply to them.In particular, Users have the right to do the following:Withdraw their consent at any time.Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.Object to processing of their Data.Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.Access their Data.Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by Techs4Biz, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.Verify and seek rectification.Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.Restrict the processing of their Data.Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, Techs4Biz will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data.Lodge a complaint.Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.Applicability of broader protection standardsWhile most provisions of this document concern all Users, some provisions expressly only apply if the processing of Personal Data is subject to broader protection standards.Such broader protection standards apply when the processing:is performed by an Owner based within the EU;concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and is related to the offering of paid or unpaid goods or services, to such Users;concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and allows Techs4Biz to monitor such Users’ behavior taking place in the EU.Legal actionThe User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by Techs4Biz in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Pervidi or the related Services.  The User declares to be aware that Techs4Biz may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.Additional information about User’s Personal DataIn addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Pervidi may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.For operation and maintenance purposes, Pervidi and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Pervidi (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.Information not contained in this policyMore details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from Techs4Biz at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.Changes to this privacy policyTechs4Biz reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Pervidi eLog and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to Techs4Biz. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, Techs4Biz shall collect new consent from the User, where required.If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Statement, our practices or our services, you may contact our Office by email at support@techs4biz.com.511Go to TopCall Now ButtonThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.