https://www.nextclient.com/privacy-policy/
Close Menu
Menu
Call
Email
Visit
Search
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: We are open and serving the needs of existing and new clients.
Click here for more information.
NextClient Privacy and Spam Policy
NextClient is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website, subscribers to our newsletters, products and services and those providing contact information. In addition, NextClient is opposed to spam, which is the unauthorized e-mail delivery for commercial purposes.
The following is our Privacy and Spam Policy explaining how your personal information is treated. From time to time NextClient may introduce additional information or offer new services that may affect this policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy and Spam Policy, please send an e-mail to info@nextclient.com.
What information do we collect?
NextClient only collects user-provided personally identifiable information. This information is provided when website visitors complete one of our online forms (examples include newsletter subscriptions or contact forms). The following list includes ways we collect personal information from our website visitors and the type of information collected:
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTER: To register online for any of our electronic newsletters, we request the following required information: (i) full name, (ii) e-mail address and (iii) phone number via an online form. The provision of this information is mandatory in order to receive our newsletter. The provision of the remaining information requested on the registration form is optional.
FREE WHITE PAPER DOCUMENTS: To register online for our free White Paper documents, we request the following required information: (i) full name, (ii) e-mail address and (iii) phone number via an online form. The provision of this information is mandatory in order to receive the document. The provision of the remaining information requested on the registration form is optional.
GENERAL CONTACT FORMS: To contact NextClient for the purposes of evaluating or engaging us for marketing services, or to answer your questions, we utilize numerous forms throughout our site. Required information varies depending on the form and at most includes (i) full name, (ii) e-mail address and (iii) phone number. The provision of this information is mandatory in order to receive a response from NextClient. The provision of the remaining information requested on the registration form is optional.
Do you share my information?
NextClient will not share, rent or sell your personally identifiable information with third parties.
How does NextClient use my information?
Personal information collected by NextClient is used primarily for the purpose in which it is collected: to facilitate the distribution of a newsletter, White Paper documents or proposal to interested recipients. In addition, NextClient may use your information as follows:
Information may be used in aggregate with other subscribers to review the effectiveness of our marketing programs and analyze other general demographic trends
We may occasionally contact you to conduct surveys or to obtain feedback on our products, our website, industry trends or other aspects of our business
To notify you of new information or services that may be of interest to you
To send promotional materials
California Privacy Law
California Civil Code § 1798.83 allows users who are California residents to request information in regards to the disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Users may also request access or the deletion of the data. Knapp, Petersen & Clarke will not disclose your personal data to third parties’ marketing purposes if you have exercised your right to prevent that information from being disclosed. If you do not want your personal information shared, you may request to delete your data.
If you have any questions or would like to exercise your rights, feel free to contact us at info@nextclient.com.
What if there are changes to this privacy and spam policy?
If we change our Privacy and Spam Policy, we will post those changes on our privacy page at. If at any point we decide to use personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice whether or not we use their information in this new manner. By default we will use information in accordance with the Privacy and Spam Policy under which the information was collected.
How can I opt out?
If you have opted in and later desire to opt-out from further receiving any of NextClient’s newsletters, you can make this change at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe URL embedded in our newsletter or by sending an e-mail with UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line to unsubscribe@nextclient.com. Be sure to use or indicate the e-mail address to be removed from the list.
Spam Policy:
NextClient is strongly opposed to spam. We will only send e-mail to users that have explicitly requested to receive an e-mail from NextClient. Examples may include:
Opt-in subscribers to the NextClient Quarterly, or other NextClient electronic newsletters
Users that request a copy of one of our free White Papers
Users that complete a contact form
All communication will be related and relevant to what you have requested.
WEB LINKS: This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that NextClient is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy and spam policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy and Spam Policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
How do I contact NextClient?
If you have any further questions or comments regarding the nextclient.com website or this Privacy and Spam Policy, you may contact us by email at or at:
NextClient.com, Inc.
25000 Avenue Stanford, Suite 270
Valencia, CA 91355
Telephone: 661-222-7755
LEGAL DISCLAIMER: We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our site.
Share This Page:
Free Consultation
Get Your Project Started Today
Whether you can code your own website or can't spell SEO, we are happy to take the time to answer your questions and share our expertise on creating and maintaining a web presence that maximizes your exposure to and engagement with your potential clients.
Request Proposal
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
© 2000 - 2020 NextClient.com, Inc. Lawyer, Attorney and Law Firm Web Design
and Search Engine Optimization. All Rights Reserved.