http://www.excitedeye.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy PolicyWho we areOur website address is https://ExcitedEYE.com.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsWe may collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to respond to any queries which you may have.We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent.We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.The type of information we may collect about you includes:Your NameYour Email AddressYour IP AddressWe will never collect information about you without your explicit consent.The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.The personal information which we hold will be held securely following our internal security policy and the law.We may use technology to track the patterns of behavior of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this from happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Our Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics only shows unique user ID and does not share personal information, usernames and IP addresses, which means we are not able to view or analyze how specific users behave on our site.Who we share your data withWe use the Personal Data we collect to provide the Services, personalize content, remember information to help you efficiently access your account, analyze how the Services are used, diagnose service or technical problems, maintain security, monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns, and track user content and users as necessary to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other applicable laws.Information You Directly Provide to Us. There are many occasions when you provide information that may enable us to identify you personally (“Personal Data”) while using the Services. The Personal Data we may collect from you is outlined in the table below.Category of Personal Data collectedWhat this meansIdentity DataFirst name, surname, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, password, marital status, title, date of birth and gender, picture.Contact DataYour email address, home address, work address, billing address, and telephone numbers.Professional Background DataEducational and professional history, interests and accomplishments, projects completed.Online Presence DataLinks to your public account pages at social media websites, links to personal websites, your log-in credentials for Twitter or other third-party sites and other online materials related to you.Financial DataYour bank account and payment card details.Transaction DataAny details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions and services you have purchased from us. Data in respect of your transactions with third parties (including your credit history).Content DataAny content you post to the Services not already included in another category, including without limitation, your profiles, preferences, settings, questions, answers, messages, comments, and other contributions on the Services, and metadata about them (such as when you posted them) (“Content”).Marketing and Communications DataYour preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. If you correspond with us by email or messaging through the Services, we may retain the content of such messages and our responses.Behavioral DataInferred or assumed information relating to your behavior and interests, based on your online activity. This is most often collated and grouped into “segments”.Technical DataInternet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type, and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or use our services.Personal Data from Third Party Sources. In addition to the Personal Data that we collect directly from you (as described in the section immediately above this one), we may also collect certain of your Personal Data from third party sources, some of which may not be publicly available. Examples of these sources are broken down in the table below.Third-party data sourceCategories or other types of Personal Data received.Social media sitesIdentity DataContact DataOnline Presence DataOur affiliatesIdentity DataContact DataMarketing and Communications DataBehavioral DataTransaction DataFinancial DataContent DataAnalytics providersBehavioral DataTechnical DataAdvertisersBehavioral DataTechnical DataData brokersIdentity DataContact DataBehavioral DataTechnical DataOnline Presence DataAggregated Data. We may also collect, use and share “Aggregated Data” such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your Personal Data, but once in aggregated form, it will not constitute Personal Data for the GDPR or CCPA as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Data which will be used following this Privacy & Cookies Policy.No Special Categories of Personal Data. We do not collect any “Special Categories of Personal Data” about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.How We Use Your Personal Data and Why?We generally use Personal Data for the following: to deliver and improve our Services; to manage your account and provide you with customer support; to deliver messages to other users at your request, to perform research and analysis about your use of the Services; to develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on the Services and other sites, including, potentially, providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites; website or mobile application analytics; to diagnose or fix technology problems; to automatically update the Services on your device; to verify your identify and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity; to enforce or exercise any rights in our Terms of Use (including to enforce rules related to the content of any private messages), and to perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. A more detailed list of the purposes for which we collect Personal Data is provided below. We will only use your Personal Data for these purposes unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason which is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will update this Privacy Policy and we will explain the “legal basis” which allows us to do so.In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your Personal Data, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a legal basis for that use if you are within the EU. The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your Personal Data only where:We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests; orWe need to process your data to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.We may also rely on your consent as a legal basis for using your Personal Data where we have expressly sought it for a specific purpose. If we do rely on your consent to use your Personal Data, you have the right to change your mind at any time (but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place). We have set out below, in a table format, more detailed examples of relevant purposes for which we may use your Personal Data.PurposeWhy do we do thisProviding, updating, and maintaining our Services, Site, and businessTo deliver the Services you have requested, including, for example, registering you as a user, managing your account and profile, and authenticating you when you log in.Processing paymentsTo process payment for any purchases, subscriptions or sales made on our Site, to protect against or identify fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.Research and developmentTo enable us to improve the Services and better understand our users and the markets in which we operate. For example, we may conduct or facilitate research and use learnings about how people use our Services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns, areas for additional features and improvement of the Services and other insights. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before introducing the feature to all users.Communicating with users about the ServicesTo send communications via email and within the Services, including, for example, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, product updates, security alerts, and administrative, billing and account management related messages. We may also provide tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us. These communications are part of the Services and in most cases, you cannot opt-out of them. If an opt-out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings.Providing customer supportTo resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, comments, and questions, to analyze crash information, to repair and improve the Services and provide other customer support.Enhancing securityTo keep our website, our Services and associated systems operational and secure, including, for example, verifying accounts and activity, monitoring and investigating suspicious or fraudulent activity and identifying violations of our terms and policies.Marketing, promoting and driving engagement with the Services and third-party products and servicesTo send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including, for example, by email and by displaying products, events, promotions and other information on our Site or other companies’ websites. These communications may be aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services or promoting third-party products and services. You generally can control whether you receive these communications as described in this policy under Marketing Communications Preferences.To comply with applicable law, legal process and regulations and protect legitimate business interestsAs we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, order, subpoena, rule of a self-regulatory organization or auditor to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security or technical issues, or to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, such as, for example, in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of securities or a business (e.g. due diligence).What happens when you do not provide the necessary Personal Data? Where we need to process your Personal Data either to comply with law or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of the Services). In this case, we may have to stop you using our Services.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Your contact informationYour Contact information may also be combined with other Users of our Services data to provide contact enrichment. In contact enrichment, a User can match a Contact that they possess to our Completed Contact Data and receive back a subset of the contact information from the relevant Completed Contact Data for that individual. For example, we may share an individual’s name to support features including but not limited to caller ID. We also may share public social handles to support Contact Enrichment. Certain professional information including but not limited to business emails, organizational affiliation, and job title, that can be inferred or extracted from a business card or email signature, may also be shared. Finally, generalized demographic information such as age range and gender, affinities, unique pseudonymized identifiers, as well as the derived general location from a phone number or physical address, may also be shared. We will never share physical addresses, personal phone numbers, personal emails unless you have given us your specific and unequivocal permission to share that information or we have secured the information via pseudonymization (e.g., through cryptographic hashing). We will never share any of your private notes with any other User.We also use Completed Contact Data to provide Contact Search, such as when a User of our Services wants to retrieve a set of Completed Contact Data based on a set of search criteria. Except for the shareable contact elements described above, all contact elements in a Completed Contact are considered private and are not shared with other Users of our Services. However, any contact element (including those private elements) may be used for lookup and matching purposes.Additional informationHow we protect your dataWe use industry-standard physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We limit access to your Personal Data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information on the Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, managerial, or technical safeguards.We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected Personal Data breach. If personal information is compromised as a result of such a breach of security, we will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, following the notification procedures outlined in this Privacy & Cookies Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.We cannot ensure that your Personal Data will be protected, controlled or otherwise managed according to this Privacy & Cookies Policy if you share your login and password information with any third party, including any third party operating a website or providing other services.What data breach procedures we have in placeWe protect customer data with the following site features:We are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout all our sites. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.Databases are sanitized (actual user personal details are removed) before deploying to development or testing environment.In case of a data breach, System administrators will immediately go through affected users and will attempt to reset passwords if needed after informing the user.What third parties we receive data fromGoogle Analytics: Visitor statistics, we do not track personally identifiable information. Privacy Policy. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.Youtube: Embedded Videos, may track your usage when you play a video. Privacy Policy.Facebook: We use the Facebook retargeting pixel as a part of our marketing efforts. Privacy Policy. GDPR information provided by Facebook.Linkedin: We use the Linkedin retargeting pixel as a part of our marketing efforts. Privacy Policy.What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataThe information provided through our quote request enables us to determine whether or not we can take on web-design and other web-related work at a given price.Industry regulatory disclosure requirementsThis privacy policy applies only to the actions of ExcitedEYE Corp and ExcitedEYE.com and Users concerning this website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.For purposes of the applicable Data Protection Laws, ExcitedEYE Corp and ExcitedEYE.com is the “data controller.” This means that ExcitedEYE Corp and ExcitedEYE.com determine the purposes for which and how your data is processed.