https://www.daffodilsw.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Summary & Scope
This Privacy policy shall form an integral part of terms of the use of this website. This Privacy policy entails the type of information collected by Daffodil Software Private Limited (‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ & ‘DSPL’) and the usage of the said information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we not own or control.
Who we are
Daffodil is a software engineering company that is a technology partner to 100+ dynamic organizations across the globe. It experiments with the latest technologies, design approaches and development methodologies to build cutting edge software products.
Our registered office address is:
Daffodil Software Pvt. Ltd, 9th Floor, Building B1, World Tech Park, DLF Silokhera SEZ, Sector 30, NH 8, Gurugram, Haryana – 122001
Companies and websites within scope
The following website(s) are within scope for this privacy policy:
www.daffodilsw.com
It includes personal data that is collected through our Websites, by Telephone, through LiveChat and through any related social media applications.
Collection of Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, e.g. name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or email address etc.
How do we collect this Information?
Some illustrative examples how you may provide personal information to us or how we may collect this information:
Contacting us (e.g. by mail, email or telephone);
Website tracking & cookies- We may use automated technologies including the use of web server logs to collect IP addresses, device details, cookies and web beacons;
Subscribing to our publications;
Marketing Materials – Interfaces like “Discuss your project”, “Subscribe to our Blog” “Newsletters”. You may choose to unsubscribe anytime by contacting at the e-mail address provided herein below;
Filling out contact forms and e-mail links;
Registering for events, promotions, contests, surveys and conferences;
Submitting CVs, resumes or work history information;
Contacting us for further information; and/or
Providing us with business cards or other contact information.
Purpose of Collection of Personal data
When you provide personal information to us, we may use it for any of the purposes described in this policy or as stated at the point of collection (or as obvious from the context of collection) for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide you with information that you have requested or which we think may be relevant to a subject in which you have demonstrated an interest;
To initiate and complete commercial transactions with you, or the entity that you represent;
To fulfill a contract that we have entered into with you or with the entity that you represent;
To ensure the security and safe operation of our website and underlying business infrastructure
To improve, administer and manage our website;
To monitor and enforce compliance with our Terms of Business;
Any other purposes for which you provided the information to us, including any of the purposes given in the ‘Collection of personal information’ section above;
To improve customer service – Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently;
To personalize user experience – We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site;
Email newsletter- If you choose to join our email newsletter, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to and stored in Hubspot Australia Pty Limited (‘Hubspot’) who provide us with email, marketing and sales services. We consider Hubspot to be a third party data processor. The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website’s own database. Your email address will remain within Hubspot database for as long as we continue to use Hubspot services for email, marketing and sales services or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ at the bottom of the newsletter, otherwise you can contact us at info@daffodilsw.com;
Marketing Materials – Interfaces like “Discuss your project”, “Subscribe to our Blog” “Newsletters”. You may choose to unsubscribe anytime by contacting at the e-mail address provided herein below;
Cookies-We use cookies on our websites to personalize content and ads, to analyse our traffic and performance, to provide social media features and for the functioning of the website.
Storage of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information, given the purposes for which it was collected, or as required to do so by law. The compliances, responsibilities and obligations relating to the storage and destruction of personal data are as per the principles set out in applicable relevant legislation. If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data protection & GDPR
We have implemented reasonable and adequate physical, technical and administrative security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
We share information to third parties only for legitimate purposes such as our service providers and agents who are bound to maintain the confidentiality of personal information and may not use the information for any unauthorized purpose. We will ensure through formally executed contracts that the service providers are committed to “same level of data protection” as applicable data protection laws and regulations.
We comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We adhere to the GDPR Principles and Rights of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the GDPR Principles and Rights, the GDPR Principles and Rights shall govern.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject whose personal information we hold, you have certain rights. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email info@daffodilsw.com or use the information supplied in the Contact us section below. In order to process your request, we will ask you to provide two valid forms of identification for verification purposes. Your rights are as follows:
Our Security Policies
Our information security management system (ISMS) is certified to ISO/IEC 27001. We do not, however, have any control over what happens between your device and the boundary of our information infrastructure. You should be aware of the many information security risks that exist and take appropriate steps to safeguard your own information. We accept no liability in respect of breaches that occur beyond our sphere of control.
Cookie policy
We use cookies on our sites for a number of purposes. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allow us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of the e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Contact us
If you have any comments, questions or suggestions about this privacy policy or you want any information related with our processes for handling of your personal data, you can email us at info@daffodilsw.com
Alternatively, you can contact us at our global HQ using the following postal address or telephone numbers:
Daffodil Software Pvt. Ltd. (formerly known as Daffodil Software Ltd.) 9th Floor, Tower B-1, DLF Silokera SEZ, Sector 30, Gurgaon