http://www.testmanagement.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Test Management Systems Ltd (“TMS Ltd”, “we”, or “Us”) and www.TestManagement.com (“website”) collects information from the users of our web site (“Users”, or “You”). This Policy also explains what we do with the information we collect, and the choices you have concerning the collection and use of such information. We request that you read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please note that by using out web site, you consent to our practices as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Introduction
Users may be asked to provide certain personal information when they sign up on our website including but not limited to name, address, telephone number, billing information (such as a credit card number), and the type of personal computer or mobile device being used to access the Program. The personal information collected from Users during the registration process (or at any other time) is used primarily to provide a personalized experience as you use our website and as we provide our services.
Use of your information
We use cookies to provide an automatic login so that you do not have to re-enter your username and password each time. We may send you e-mails pertaining to the use of the web site such as tips and information on new content that may become available. On occasion, we may send you promotional e-mails that could be of interest to you. We use information collected on our website to serve content to you based on your progress and to recommend content that better meets your needs. Within our Messenger bots, we use information collected to provide recommendations and better understand user needs to help inform, for example, development of new services and better target our future online advertising.
How to manage your information
You can ask us to delete your account at any time by sending a request to privacy@testmanagement.com. You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of any email. You can prevent the use of cookies across all sites in your browser settings
Confidentiality
Your information will never be shared, licensed or sold to any third party. However, we may make limited disclosure of personal information under the specific circumstances described below.
a) Affiliate Links
Occasionally you may have clicked on one of our affiliate links and signed up or bought something via that link. In this case, the person or organization in charge of the affiliate link will have the information that you have submitted. This may be your email address, name, address, or whatever else they asked you. If you have signed up or bought something from us via an affiliate link, please check the privacy policy on their site.
b) Our vendors
We may engage other companies to provide services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, hosting, billing, marketing, and customer support for our services. We only provide these companies the minimum information reasonably required to perform the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
c) Requests by law
We may disclose your personally identifying information, and other data about you, if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with a legal governmental request; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of our company; (c) enforce the Terms and Conditions; or (d) act in urgent circumstances to protect data security.
d) Acquisition of our company
All of the information in our company would be transferred to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the website or applicable database; or in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets. The acquirer would have the responsibility to honor this privacy policy.
Responses to email inquiries
When Users send email inquiries to us, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Unless this email address is the one used to create your account, our company does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
Cookies & Beacons
Our Company may use “Cookies” to collect information. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive, at a web site’s request. The Cookies we use do not contain any personal information, but are used primarily to keep track of temporary information. For example, Cookies allow us to remember you when you login to certain places on our site, to remember your country and language preferences, to help us understand the size of our audience and traffic patterns, to collect and record information about what you viewed on our Web site and what you viewed in our e-mail, to manage and present site information and the pictures displayed on your computer, and to deliver information specific to your interests. We may also place small “tracker gifs” or “beacons” on many of the pages on our website, in online advertising with third parties, and in our email. We use these beacons, in connection with Cookies, to collect non-personal data on the usage of our site including but not limited to the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, the referring web page, the type of browser, the type of operating system, and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider. This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analyzed as a whole. This information is useful in, for example, tracking the performance of our online advertising such as online banner ads and to determine where to place future advertising on other web sites. If you are uncomfortable with the collection of such information through the use of these tracking methods, we recommend disabling these features through your browser preferences, though please understand this will limit the performance and functionality of certain elements of the Program. Your browser documentation should provide specific procedures for disabling cookie and beacon support.
Public posting
Some parts of our site may enable you to participate in public services such as discussion boards, chats, live events, or to post to various social networks. Please use discretion when posting personal information about yourself when using these services. Be aware that when you disclose personal information at these sites, such as your name, member name, email address, etc., the information may be collected and used by others to send unsolicited email. The services are open to the public, and what you post there can be seen by anyone and is not protected. In general post comments through our application as you would directly on these services. Sometimes, you may find other people’s comments to be offensive, harmful or inaccurate.
Data security
We implement a variety of security measures to help protect your personal information. We have various internal control standards which relate specifically to the handling of personal information. These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls and we communicate our Privacy Notice, practices and guidelines to our employees. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet. We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information.
Revisions to this policy
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, our Terms & Conditions, and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner, by updating this posting.
Where to direct questions about our privacy policy…
If you have questions about this privacy policy, or the practices described here, please contact us at privacy@testmanagement.com