http://www.gdicorp.com/privacy-statement.html
877-434-2677
Growth Dynamics provides proven sales performance solutions that help you select, develop and retain an effective sales organization that fits your company and customers.
Home»Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This document describes Growth Dynamics's policy regarding information received about you during visits to our web site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. By accessing this web site, you acknowledge that you have read the following terms and conditions, that you understand them and that you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree with the terms in this Policy, please do not use this site.
You may browse this site for information. You acknowledge, however, that this site contains information, data, photographs, graphics and other materials that are protected by laws governing copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights. Under no circumstances may you transfer (including, without limitation, by sale, loan, rent or lease), use, copy, reproduce, download, republish, upload, post, transmit, adapt, modify or distribute the site contents, in whole or in part, without the express prior written consent of Growth Dynamics. The use of any of the site contents on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. This site is intended and directed only to residents of the United States and all advertising and claims in this site are valid only in the United States.
Normal Web Site Usage
You can browse the contents of Growth Dynamics's web site without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect and store during normal web site usage is the name of your Internet service provider, the web site that referred you to us, the pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of customer visits. During normal web site usage, we do not collect or store personally identifiable information such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, company name, etc.
Electronic Mail Sent to Us Containing Personal Information
Visitors to the Growth Dynamics web site may decide to send us personally identifying information, for example, in a message containing comments about the Growth Dynamics web site. Growth Dynamics will only use this information to identify the user. We will not use it in any way other than to resolve the matter identified in the e-mail.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on this web site you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
Use of This Site
You expressly agree that the use of this site is at your own risk. Neither Growth Dynamics nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates nor any person involved in creating, producing or distributing the site warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error free, nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the site or to the accuracy or currency of the information. The site contents are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law.
Under no circumstances shall Growth Dynamics, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates nor any person involved in creating, producing or distributing the site, be liable for any special or consequential damages, whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, that result from the use of, or the inability to use, any part of the site contents.
Benchmarking Top Performance
Define the picture of top performance to select, develop and lead the “right” sales organization.
Pre-Selection & Development Assessments
Advanced tools for selecting, developing & leading the “right” talent that will learn faster and perform better.
Sales Team Analysis
Advanced solutions to measure the skills, strengths, motivation and FIT of your sales organization to lead them toward top performance.
Customer & Sales Force Intelligence
Define the changing expectations of your customers and identify targeted solutions that impact sales force performance and customer retention.
Sales Force Transformation
As customers and the marketplace change, your sales organization must adapt and change how they sell and perform.
“Now our sales organization is energized and engaged with the knowledge of how the role of sales has changed…”
- President, Quality Mill Supply
“GDI also helped us to engage our sales team to transform how they see and perform in their role in a competitive marketplace.”
- Vice President of Sales, The L.S. Starrett Company
“We needed to define the role of top performance in sales to establish a foundation to guide the team through change...”
- Managing Director, Walter USA
GDI Blog
Email Me