https://www.creativeorgdesign.com/privacy-policy/
519-745-0142
info@creativeorgdesign.com
Facebook
Facebook
About Us
Our Clients
Our Services
Blog
Home
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is:
https://creativeorgdesign.com/
This website is owned by:
Creative Organizational Design, Inc. (COD)
This website is built on a WordPress platform.
Summary: We respect your privacy
At Creative Organizational Design, we respect your privacy. We promise that we will never sell or share your personal information outside of our organization without your explicit permission.
We collect minimal personal information on this website. We do not and will not sell nor share your personally identifiable information (like your Name and Email address) outside of our organization.
Contact Forms: To help you to contact us easily, we use contact forms on this website. Before submitting your personal information through a Contact Form, we ask you to review and consent to our Privacy Policy.
Comments Forms: We do not offer the opportunity to submit comments on this website. To submit a comment, or provide us with feedback, please email us.
Newsletters: We may occasionally send our customers newsletters through this website.
Anonymous User Data Collection for Analytics: We connect to a Google Analytics account to collect anonymous data that helps us understand how visitors use this website and how we can improve their experience.
Cookies: Like all WordPress-based websites, this website uses Cookies.
Imbedded Content: This site sometimes uses imbedded content like YouTube videos.
Information collection and use
You are in complete control of your privacy choices. In general, you can visit our web site or contact us through other means without providing us with any personal information. When you request information about our products or services, we may ask for your name, company name, email address, mailing address and phone numbers. This is secure information and will be used for the express purpose for which it was collected unless the user specifically agrees to the use of the personal information for additional purposes. We do not use disclose the information to third parties or merge the information with other data.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
We do not offer the opportunity to submit comments on this website. To submit a comment, or provide us with feedback, please email us.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
To help you to contact us easily, we use contact forms on this website. Before submitting your personal information through a Contact Form, we ask you to review and consent to our Privacy Policy.
Newsletters
Occasionally, we may send out email newsletters to our “subscribers”. Our “subscribers” are our customers. To facilitate sending these newsletters, we maintain a database with the names and email addresses of our customers. We use a third-party sending service to distribute these email newsletters. Anyone receiving these emails may unsubscribe from them at any time using the automated Unsubscribe functionality provided via a link in the emails.
We do not offer the option for visitors to subscribe to receive emails on this website.
Cookies
To improve your experience on this website, we use “cookies”. All WordPress-based websites use Cookies—Cookies are an industry standard and most websites today use them.
What is a Cookie? A Cookie is a small text file with an ID tag that our website sends to your computer. While you are browsing, your website browser stores the cookie and will continue to store it after you leave the website. The cookie text file contains data that helps our website to keep track of your movements within the site and respond to your needs based on that information. For instance, it can help you resume where you left off, remember your registered login, preferences, and other customization functions.
Cookies for Comments:
WordPress websites do use Cookies as part of their Comment Form functionality. However, we do not offer the opportunity to submit comments on this website. To submit a comment, or send us feedback, please email us.
Cookies for User Accounts:
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Cookies for Google Analytics:
Google Analytics services cannot function without the use of cookies. These Cookies record data about the visitor’s activity, which is then sent to Google. Google presents summaries of this data in analytical reports.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages and Posts on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Collecting Visitor Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to record visitor activity. Google Analytics transmits website traffic data to Google servers. Google then presents summaries of this data in analytical reports. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use analytics reports provided by Google Analytics to help us to see general patterns—to understand how people use this website, what content they access most frequently, and other information that helps us to continuously improve the website to better serve our users.
Who we share your data with
We do not and will not share your personally identifiable data—meaning the data you give us, like your Name and Email address—with anyone!
As noted in the Analytics section, we do share anonymous visitor traffic data with Google.
How long we retain your data
Contact Forms: If you submit your personal information through a Contact Form, the data and its metadata are retained indefinitely in the WordPress database. This is so we can export a file of the personal data you have submitted to us at your request.
Registered Users: For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
To help us to manage spam comments on our website, visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Contact Forms: If you choose to use the Contact Forms on this website, you must enter personal information, including your name and email address. We do not share this information with anyone outside of our organization.
How we protect your data
We use a Security Certificate on this website to create a secure connection between your browser and our website. You can see evidence of this Security Certificate on the address bar with the green lock and “HTTPS” address.
We use a Security plugin on this website to provide additional security features that help to protect the website and access to your data through the WordPress Control Panel.
Privacy Policy Updates
Published: September 2018
Please leave this field empty
Get our free eBook!
SEARCHING FOR SUPERSTARS: Identifying Top Performers with Tests
Avoid other company’s rejects.Improve your hiring process.Choose the right assessment.Get the edge you need.
Terms: * I consent to COD collecting and storing my details in accordance with your Privacy Policy
Your subscription includes access to our newsletter, with additional tips and sales! We respect your privacy; we will not share your details with anyone.
Please check your inbox for an email with a link to confirm your subscription. Once confirmed, we'll send you a link to your free eBook!
Search by Keyword:
Search for:
Search
List Tests by Category:
Select a category
BASIC SKILLS & ON-THE-JOB SKILLS  (427)
PERSONALITY & PERSONAL STYLE  (418)
SPECIFIC JOB AREAS  (146)
SPECIFIC PROFESSIONS & INDUSTRIES  (391)
Uncategorized  (1)
Need help? Not sure which test fits your needs? We can help you to make the right choice. Please Contact Us:
519-745-0142
info@creativeorgdesign.com
Announcements
Self-Assess Your Emotional Resilience In The Face of Adversity With The FREE Pandemic Resilience Test