https://www.customerdevoted.com/cookie-policy
Skip to content Cookie PolicyCustomer Devoted LimitedLast updated: 21 April 2020ABOUT THIS COOKIE POLICYThe website https://www.customerdevoted.com/ (the Site) is operated by Customer Devoted Limited (we, us, our), a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 10458141. Our registered office is at 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, N17GU .We are committed to protecting your privacy and complying with our data protection obligations under the Data Protection Act 2018 (the DPA 2018), the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the GDPR) and any other applicable UK legislation (together, Data Protection Law).This policy was last updated on the date shown at the top. We may change this policy at any time by posting an updated version on the Site and will make reasonable efforts to bring any material changes to your attention. You may wish to check it before using the Site as any changes will be effective from the date that they are made.CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you have any concerns or would like further information about this policy in general, you can contact the data protection officer at hello@customerdevoted.com.USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIESWe and our third-party service providers use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about, and relevant to, your usage of the Site. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit the Site. It is standard practice to use cookies to make your experience better when using a website.We use the following categories of cookies and similar technologies on this Site:Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, and to keep the site secure. Without these cookies, services you have asked for (such as remembering your login details or the items you placed in your basket) cannot be provided.Analytics cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use the Site, for instance which pages you go to most often, what searches you perform and if you get error messages from web pages. Information these cookies collect can be used to improve how the Site works.Customization cookies: These cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other Sites.Social media cookies: These cookies allow you to share your activity on the Site on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. These cookies are not within our control. Please refer to the privacy policies of the social networks in question for information regarding how their cookies work.Targeting or advertising cookies: These cookies record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.When you visit the Site for the first time (and periodically after that), we will request your consent to the setting of all cookies other than strictly necessary cookies.You can delete existing cookies and disable some or all types of cookies in future if you wish. To disable some or all types of cookies, you will have to either change the settings on your browser or use the cookie manager tool on the Site. See https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ for information on how to change your browser settings. If you change your mind, you can enable cookies again at any time. Disabling cookies on your browser may stop the Site from working properly.To find out more about cookies please visit allaboutcookies.org.