https://www.softwarefx.com/sfxsitelinks/privacy.aspx
Software FX: Data visualization for every need, every platform.
send us an email
call us at: (561) 999-8888
Products
Development
Visual Studio
Java
HTML5 | Javascript
COM
WPF
PowerShell
SQL Server
Mobility
iOS
Android
Windows Mobile
Citrix XenApp
Citrix MDX
SharePoint
Chart FX for SharePoint
Available as part of the
Studio FX Subscription
Downloads
Trial Downloads
White Papers
Resources
Online Demos
Virtual
Trials
Chart Gallery
Order
Price List
Promotions
Buy Online
How to Order
Offices and Resellers
Support
Support Site
Community
Personalized Support
Corporate
About Us
Media Kit
Endorsements
Careers
Software FX Home
Privacy Statement
Quickstart
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Site Map
Contact Us
Site Feedback
Privacy Statement
You take online privacy seriously, and so does Software FX, Inc.
It's our way of sustaining your trust in Software FX, Inc. as well as in our
products and services.
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Software FX, Inc. (ï¿½companyï¿½, ï¿½weï¿½, ï¿½usï¿½, or ï¿½ourï¿½). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at privacy@softwarefx.com
When you visit our website https://softwarefx.com (ï¿½Siteï¿½) and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our site and our services and if you desire it request removal of your records sending an email to privacy@softwarefx.com.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our websites and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the ï¿½Siteï¿½).
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, payment information, and social media login data.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering with the Site, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Site or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with the Site, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Metering Data. We collect data that helps us determined the amount of calls or API calls that you or your app make to our services whenever you have signed up a metering plan.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. Where PayPal is used as the Payment Processor we collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as the PayPal Account Register Address, the Transaction ID and the Token to track the transaction. You directly manage the Billing Subscription and any PayPal Account details from your PayPal Account.
Our payment processor stores all payment data and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information. To notify us of any changes please send an email to privacy@softwarefx.com
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information ï¿½ such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics ï¿½ is collected automatically when you visit our website.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Site. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Site and other technical information.
If you access our site with your mobile device, we may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Site, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
We also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Site for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (ï¿½Business Purposesï¿½), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you (ï¿½Contractualï¿½), with your consent (ï¿½Consentï¿½), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (ï¿½Legal Reasonsï¿½). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communicationsfor Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the ï¿½What are Your Privacy Rights?ï¿½ section below).
To send administrative information to youfor related to your account, our business purposes, and/or for legal reasons. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage your ordersfor Contractual reasons. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Site.
Deliver targeted advertising to you for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Administer prize draws and competitions for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you choose to participate in competitions.
Request Feedback for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Site.
To protect our Site for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enable user-to-user communications with your consent. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each userï¿½s consent.
To enforce our terms, conditions and policiesfor our business purposes and as legally required.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm as legally required. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Site, products, services, marketing and your experience.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We transfer, store, and process your information in the United States but we are not limited to do so in other countries at our own discretion.
Our servers are located in the United States. If you are accessing our Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 90 days past the termination of your account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the Internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Site is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Software FX, Inc. cares about your privacy rights. We allow users to review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
Account Information
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided below if you would like your account to be terminated.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list ï¿½ however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. You can also opt-out by:
Noting your preferences at the time you register your account with the Site.
Contacting us using the contact information provided below.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the ï¿½Shine The Lightï¿½ law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California.
We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated ï¿½Revisedï¿½ date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, email us at privacy@softwarefx.com or by post to:
Software FX, Inc.
1600 Ponce de Leon Boulevard
10th Floor
Coral Gables, FL 33134 USA
POLICY CHANGES
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this page. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially change how we treat your personal information, we will endeavor to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, to your email address of record, and where required by law, we will obtain your consent or give you the opportunity to opt out of such changes.
Award Winning Charting Technology
Bestselling Products and Publisher Awards
Software FX and Chart FX products win a total of 3 Bestselling Product/Publisher
Awards in 2008 from ComponentSource.
Reader's Choice Award
Chart FX received its sixth consecutive Visual Studio Magazine Reader's Choice Award
while Grid FX picked up its first.
SD Times 100
For the sixth consecutive year, Software FX's leadership and innovation have been
recognized.
Riding the Crest
For the seventh consecutive year, Chart FX wins Programmer's Paradise' Riding the
Crest award.
Bestselling Products and Publisher Awards
Software FX and Chart FX products win a total of 6 Bestselling Product/Publisher
Awards in 2007 from ComponentSource.
News and Reviews
Cool Silverlight Charts from Chart FX
- by Brad Abrams
"They are leveraging ASP.NET to give a very nice end-to-end story that helps
customer move forward with the power of Silverlight easily from where they are today."
Great WPF Applications
- by Tim Sneath
Chart FX for WPF is tapped to demonstrate Microsoft's new WPF technology for Windows
Vista.
Chart FX Offers Great Data Visualization
- by Ed Tittel
"Chart FX offers great data visualization."
Software FX, Inc.
©
Software FX, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Chart FX, Grid FX & PowerGadgets are registered trademarks of Software FX, Inc.
Citrix® and Citrix Xenapp™ are trademarks and registered trademarks of Citrix Systems, Inc.
All other names are trademakrs or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Java and all Java-based marks are trademakrs or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.
Home
Products
Downloads
Resources
Order
Support
Corporate
Development
Visual Studio
Java
HTML5 | Javascript
COM
WPF
PowerShell
SQL Server
Mobility
iOS
Android
Windows Mobile
Citrix
SharePoint
Chart FX for SharePoint
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Site Map
Site Feedback
Contact Us
Studio FX
Chart FX
jChartFX
Grid FX
Chart FX for SharePoint
PowerGadgets