http://www.hitachi.com.sg/utility/privacy/index.html
Skip to main content
Search
Singapore
Hitachi GroupProducts & Services
Hitachi GroupCorporate Information
Sitemap
Contact Us
Products & Services
About Us
News Releases
Careers
Site Top
Privacy Policy
Hitachi Asia Privacy Terms and Conditions
Updated: August 2018
A. Introduction to Hitachi Asia Privacy Terms and Conditions
Hitachi Asia Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "HAS") handles various information, including
technical information and information provided by our business partners such as customers and suppliers. With this in mind, HAS
strives to establish and fully enforce an information management system in order to respect the value of the said information.
HAS has put in place rules for the collection, use and disclosure of personal data by HAS and/or its parent and related companies. HAS will strive to protect personal data based on this Hitachi Asia Privacy Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as “this HAS Privacy T&C”) and in accordance with the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (hereinafter referred to as "the PDPA")
By using this website, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this HAS Privacy T&C and agree to the collection, use or disclosure of any personal data submitted by you to us, as described in this HAS Privacy T&C. If you do not so agree, please do not submit any personal data.
Please also do not submit personal data of other individuals to us through this website unless you have obtained their express consent for you to do so.
We shall be entitled to assume that you have duly obtained such consent if you submit personal data of other individuals to us through this website.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal data.
B. HAS Privacy T&C
Establish rules for managing personal data protection and make continual improvements
HAS will make sure that employees recognize the importance of personal data protection, and will establish rules for personal data management to appropriately use and protect personal data. These rules will be maintained and improved continually.
Collect, use and/or disclose personal data and forbid the use or disclosure of such data for purposes other than which the personal data was collected
HAS will handle your personal data appropriately by establishing a management system for personal data protection for its various business lines. HAS will not use such personal data for purposes other than the original purpose for which it was collected and in accordance with the PDPA and other applicable law.
Implement safety measures and correct problems
To ensure the integrity and safety of personal data, HAS has implemented various measures such as managing access to personal data, restricting the means for transporting personal data outside the company and preventing unauthorised access, and strive to prevent the leakage, loss or destruction of personal data. In addition, should any problems regarding personal data safety measures be found, HAS will identify the cause and take immediate corrective measures.
Follow laws and regulations
HAS will follow the PDPA and will use reasonable endeavours to follow best practices for the collection, use and disclosure of personal data.
Respecting your rights regarding your personal data
Whenever you make a request to access or correct your personal data, or withdraw your consent to us using your own personal data, HAS will respond with sincerity, respecting your rights in relation to that personal data in accordance with the PDPA.
C. Personal Data
HAS protects and manages personal data with reasonable endeavours based on this HAS Privacy T&C. "Personal data" refers to information that can be used to identify you. This may include your name, e-mail address, mobile and home telephone numbers, and home address.
The provisions of this HAS Privacy T&C do not apply to "business contact information" as defined in the PDPA, which includes an individual's name, position name or title, business telephone number, business address, business e-mail address or business fax number and any other similar information about an individual, not provided by the individual solely for personal purposes.
D. Collection, Usage and Retention of Personal Data
In relation to HAS's business and operational activities, HAS will collect, use or disclose personal data for the purpose of responding to your inquiry and reporting and/or channeling to its parent company, HAS’s related companies and/or other Hitachi group companies, about your inquiry.
HAS may also collect, use and disclose your personal data for the following purposes (“Purposes”):
Execution of a contract concluded between HAS, HAS’s parent or related companies or other Hitachi group companies and a business partner;
Contacts for business negotiations and meetings with a business partner;
Delivery of after-sales service on products, and sending of information on events and new products;
Marketing purpose such as sending emails, promotions and other marketing materials relating to products and offerings by HAS, HAS' parent or related companies or other Hitachi group companies;
Execution of business, including system development, operation and maintenance, entrusted by a business partner;
Affairs of stocks;
Response to various inquiries from a business partner;
Analysis based on questionnaires to improve products and services; and
Provision of personal data to HAS's parent or related companies or other Hitachi group companies in case of co-operation with them.
HAS will not retain any personal data provided by you or automatically collected by us any longer than reasonably necessary for Purposes and other valid business or legal purposes.
E. Disclosure of Personal Data
HAS may disclose, in accordance with the PDPA and other applicable law, your personal data to HAS’s parent and related companies and other Hitachi group companies in order to achieve the Purposes.
HAS may further disclose, in accordance with the PDPA and other applicable law, relevant personal data to certain third parties in connection with the provision of any product, item or service to HAS including any outsourcing services and telecommunication services.
In addition, if necessary and in accordance with the PDPA and other applicable law, HAS may disclose personal data to our auditors and other outside professional advisers and to other parties that provide products or services to us, such as business process outsourcing providers, telecommunication and IT systems providers and consulting firms.
Where the processing of personal data is delegated to a third party data processor, such as those listed above, HAS will delegate such processing in writing, will choose a data processor that provides sufficient guarantees with respect to technical and organizational security measures governing the relevant processing and will ensure that the processor acts on our behalf and under our instructions.
In addition, HAS will impose in writing appropriate data protection and information security requirements on such third party data processors.
International Transfers of Personal Data
HAS may, in connection with the purposes set out in Section E paragraphs 1 and 2 above, transmit personal data to other members of the Hitachi group or to other third parties, located in Japan or other jurisdictions where data protection laws may not provide an equivalent level of protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction.
HAS will take steps to establish appropriate data protection and information security requirements with such recipients to confirm that personal data is properly protected in accordance with this HAS Privacy T&C and the PDPA.
Additional Disclosures of Personal Data
Personal data also may be disclosed, where permitted by the PDPA and other applicable law, to protect your vital interests, to protect the legitimate interests of HAS (unless this would prejudice your rights and freedoms or interests), to comply with any notice, order, directive, summons, subpoena or other forms of request from any judicial, administrative or regulatory body, any government or public or government agency, any instrumentality or authority or any domestic or foreign tax, revenue, fiscal or monetary authority or agency, or in HAS’s judgment to comply with applicable law.
The recipients of these disclosures may be located in Japan or other countries where data protection laws may not provide an equivalent level of protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction, and in such cases, HAS will take steps to establish appropriate data protection and information security requirements with such recipients to confirm that personal data is properly protected in accordance with this HAS Privacy T&C and the PDPA.
F. Cookies and web beacons
HAS may use cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIFs) to enhance your experience of our website. Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting the site, how often they visit, and what content they are most interested in. Cookies and clear GIFs let HAS know how many people are coming to the site, how frequently, and how they are using the site, allowing us to make updates to content and improve navigation as appropriate.
You may refuse to accept cookies and web beacons by changing the settings of your web browser. However, do note that your usage of our website may be affected if you disable cookies and web beacons.
G. Making Access/Correction Requests
You may at any time:
request access to your personal data and how it has been used/disclosed within the last year; or
request for correction of your personal data.
Please note that we may charge you a reasonable fee to cover the costs of responding to your data access request.
Please see Section H below should you wish to make an access or correction request.
H. Inquiries
If you have other questions about this Website or how HAS collects, uses and discloses your personal data, including how you can make access and correction requests, please contact us using the following "Inquiry Form".
https://www2.hitachi.com/inquiry/region/singapore/general/form.jsp
If you submit to us any inquiry or opinion, we would like you to carefully read and agree to the terms stipulated in this document, otherwise please note that we may not answer the inquiry.
I. Withdrawal of consent
Requests for withdrawal of consent for HAS to collect, use and disclose your personal data as described in this HAS Privacy T&C should be made via mail to HAS's data protection officer at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
Hitachi Asia Ltd.
7 Tampines Grande
#08-01 Hitachi Square
Singapore 528736
J. Miscellaneous Provisions
This HAS Privacy T&C may be updated from time to time to reflect changes and/or developments in data protection laws, regulations, guidelines, codes and industry practices and other applicable law. Revisions to this HAS Privacy T&C will be published on this website.
page top
Copyright and Liability Notice, etc.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
© Hitachi, Ltd. 1994, 2020. All rights reserved.