https://www.salientsys.com/privacy
skip to content
Products
Products Overview
CompleteView 20/20
CompleteView 20/20 gives you the power to control your security installations, today and tomorrow.
Get a Demo of CompleteView 20/20
Software
TouchView Mobile
LPRTracker
TransactionTracker
ViewPoint
Hardware
PowerProtect Platform
RED3 Integrated Server
eXtreme8 Integrated Server
Videos
Industries
At Salient Systems, we have designed our video management system solutions to meet the security needs and requirements of numerous industries in the marketplace.
K-12 & Higher Education
Retail
Financial & Banking
Manufacturing & Industrial
Hospitals & Healthcare
Commercial Real Estate
Worship Facilities
Correctional Facilities
Our Company
About Salient Systems
We offer network friendly, comprehensive IP and analog video surveillance management systems (VMS) built on open architecture.
News
Product updates, announcements, and all things Salient.
Events
On-Demand Webinars
Press
Customer Stories
White Papers
Careers
Contact Us
Partners
Technology Partners
Distribution
Consultants
Resellers
Reseller Login
Get a Demo
Support
Training
Table of Contents
Our Commitment To Privacy The Information We Collect How We Use Information About Cookies Our Commitment To Data Security Our Commitment To Children's Privacy How To Access Or Correct Your Information How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of every page on our website.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Salient Systems Corporation website. On some pages, you can order products, register for services, and submit data in order to receive materials and other literature. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
NameAddressEmail addressPhone numberCredit/Debit Card information
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and support systems. For example, we may tell a third party that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Cookies:
As you browse the Salient Systems website, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with Salient Systems. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending a copy of your drivers license or other government-issued identification to our offices by postal service or facsimile. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we may from time-to-time take additional, reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at +1 (512) 617-4800, or send us an email at info@salientsys.com.