http://www.gif-animator.com/privacy.html
Overview
Features
Tour
Download
Order
Support
Privacy Policy
We at Creabit are aware of the growing concern of internet users regarding the widespread distribution of their personal information, and are taking measures to protect our customers' and visitors' privacy. We do not sell or redistribute our e-mail lists to third parties or spammers.
The information submitted, whether it is a purchase, a download of a demo product, or simply joining our mailing list, remains confidential and is for our records only. We keep this information so that we can notify customers of product upgrades, announcements, and new releases. If a customer/user does not wish to receive this information, they can manually request to be removed from our mailing lists at any point simply by sending unsubscribe mail, that includes from end of all e-mails. And we never add our customers to our mailing lists after any contacts us. They can subscribe to our mailing lists manually.
In order to further protect customer information, all order forms are run on a secure server, utilizing encryption technology to safeguard all transactions (credit card/online purchases) from unauthorized viewing. It is used standard SSL encryption, with a certificate from VeriSign.
These measures, along with our belief that it is up to the individual to determine who receives and what may be done with their personal information, insure that any information submitted on our site will be kept confidential. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, please contact us.
version 4
Download
Buy Now!
This animator is great. It has tons of features and is easy to use, what more could you ask for. On my first try I made an animation that looked like i knew what i was doing! I definitely got my money's worth.
Julia Andrews, satisfied customer
GIF Maker Home | Features | Tour | Download | Order | SupportCopyright © 2001-2020 Creabit. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy
Connect with us: