http://www.memotome.com/privacy.asp
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Jaytu Technologies, LLC has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for Memo to Me.
If you have any questions or comments about our policy, please feel free to contact us.
Personal Information
The personal information you enter on Memo to Me is not for sale.
Using Memo to Me will not cause you to receive unsolicited email.
The only email you will receive from Memo to Me will be reminder
messages that you set up and occasional administrative messages (usually responses to your
feedback).
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our Web site.
We use cookies to remember you between visits so you don't have to log in each time.
Our site's registration form requires you to give us contact information (like your name and email
address) and a unique identifier (your login name).
Your contact
information is used to contact you only when necessary.
Unique identifiers are collected for
use as account numbers in our record system.
Passwords are used for authenticating your access
to the site and modifying your personal information.
The forgotten password hint and its answer
are used to verify your identity in the event you lose your password.
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
This site gives you the following options for correcting or removing your information from
our database so as not to receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
You can visit the following page: Edit User Information
You can send email to support@memotome.com
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the
information under our control.
Your Memo to Me password is not
stored in our database.
Instead, your password is irreversibly encrypted using
RSA's MD5 algorithm.
This means that a hacker who breaks into the Memo to Me
server and steals the database will not be able to discover your
Memo to Me password.
Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Jaytu Technologies is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Copyright © 1997 - 2014 JJ Zone. All rights reserved.
Check out our other site, Sigalert.com, for Live Traffic Reports.
Platinum Edition
-
Link to Us
-
Privacy Policy
-
Terms of Use
-
Contact Us