https://www.mastercard.ca/en-ca/about-mastercard/what-we-do/privacy.html
Skip to Content
Mastercard - Global Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 1/1/2020
Mastercard International Incorporated and its affiliates (collectively, “Mastercard”) respect your privacy.
Personal Information We May Collect
How We May Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Transfers
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Features and Links to Other Websites
Children’s Privacy
Updates to This Global Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
This Global Privacy Notice describes the types of Personal Information we collect, the purposes for which we collect that Personal Information, the other
parties with whom we may share it and the measures we take to protect the security of the data. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your
Personal Information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Please note that we also act on behalf of and under the instructions of financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data
controllers, including for processing payment transactions. Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your
Personal Information in these contexts.
Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and legal requirements. Specific privacy notices may apply
to some of our products and services. Please visit the webpage or digital asset of the specific product or service to learn more about our privacy and information
practices in relation to that product or service.
Data Analytics Opt-Out
Web Analytics Opt-Out
Marketing E-Mail Opt-Out
My Data
1. Personal Information We May Collect
“Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect the following categories of Personal
Information:
Transaction information, such as personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the date and the total amount of transaction, and other
information provided by financial institutions or merchants when we act on their behalf.
Product and service information, such as registration and payment information, and program-specific information, when you request products or services
directly from us, or participate in marketing programs.
Website, device and mobile app usage, and similar information collected via automated means, such as cookies and similar technologies.
Job applications and related information when you apply for a job with us.
Business contact information when you work for one of our business partners.
Learn more
For the purpose of this Global Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may
obtain different types of Personal Information relating to you in the situations described below.
Personal Information We Receive from Financial Institutions, Merchants, and Other Partners in Connection with Mastercard’s Products or
Services
As a processor of payment transactions and provider of related services, we obtain a limited amount of information in connection with your payment
transactions such as the personal account number, the merchant’s name and location, the date and the total amount of transaction. Importantly, we generally do not need
or collect the cardholder’s name or other contact information to process payment transactions.
In addition, for certain products and services, your financial institutions, the merchants where you make a transaction or other partners may
provide us with more information about you, or we may collect it directly from you to provide you with those products and services on their behalf, support their
business or perform processing activities on their behalf.
In the above situations, we act on behalf of and under the instructions of financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data
controllers. Unless otherwise authorized by law, we will process your Personal Information to process payment transactions or for the purposes agreed between
Mastercard and the financial institutions, merchants and other partners. Please refer to their respective privacy policy for more information regarding the processing
of your Personal Information.
Personal Information We Collect when Providing Mastercard’s Products and Services Directly to You
Mastercard may provide you directly with products and services such as marketing programs, rewards programs, eWallets, prepaid services, location
alert programs, and biometric authentication tools. To benefit from one or more of these products and services, you can submit information to us directly via various
means including: (i) on our websites and digital assets, (ii) in response to marketing or other communications,
(iii) by signing up for a Mastercard product or
service, or (iv) through your participation in an offer, program or promotion.
We may also obtain Personal Information about you through your use of our products or
services, from companies that use or facilitate our products or services, from publicly available sources, or from third party partners. Your Personal Information may
also be passed on to us by your financial institution, merchant or other business partners.
Below is an overview of the types of Personal Information we may collect in relation to programs we offer directly to you. Each program differs, so
where applicable, please refer to the relevant program-specific privacy notice for more information on the use of your Personal Information for that specific
program.
Registration and payment information: We may collect your contact information (such as name, email address, phone number, billing or shipping
address), username and password, age, date of birth, gender and family status, language preferences, personal account number, merchant’s name and location, date and
total amount of the transactions, card expiration date and card verification code.
Information we process to provide you with the program: We may collect different types of Personal Information depending on the program. For
example, programs designed to offer you location-based services will typically require the collection of your address or location. Similarly, programs designed to
allow you to authenticate for example, via facial or fingerprint recognition may require the processing of your photograph and/or biometric data. All these programs
are voluntary, and your Personal Information is only collected if you subscribe to such programs.
Other information you choose to provide: You may choose to provide other information, such as different types of content (e.g., photographs,
articles, comments), contact information of friends or other people you would like us to contact, content you make available through social media accounts or
memberships with third parties, or any other information you want to share with us.
In addition, we may collect or use Personal Information for fraud prevention and monitoring, risk management, dispute resolution and other related purposes.
Such information may include the personal account number, merchant’s name and location, date and total amount of the transactions, IP address, fraud score, location
data, merchant details, items purchased and information about the dispute. For more information, please click here.
Personal Information We Obtain from Your Interaction with Mastercard’s Ads, Websites, Apps or Other Digital Assets
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as cookies and web beacons when you interact with
our ads, mobile apps, or visit our websites, pages or other digital assets. The information we collect in this manner may include: IP address, browser type, operating
system, mobile device identifier, geographical area, referring URLs and information on actions taken or interaction with our digital assets. A “cookie” is a text file
placed on a computer’s hard drive by a web server. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is a technology that helps us identify when
content has been accessed or visited.
We use this information to improve our online products and services by assessing how many users access or use our online products and services,
which content, products and features of our online products and services most interest our visitors, what types of offers our customers like to see and how our online
products and services perform from a technical point of view. For instance, we may use third-party web analytics services on our websites and mobile apps, such as
those of Adobe Omniture. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use
our websites and apps.
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you in connection with our marketing activities, including offers,
sweepstakes, contests and promotions. The information collected for these purposes may include your contact information (e.g., name, postal address, email address,
phone number), electronic identification data (e.g., username, password, security questions, IP address), and data collected in the context of online marketing
programs (e.g., personal characteristics, life habits, consumption habits, interests, location data, and voice and image recordings).
We, our service providers and partners may also collect information about you to provide you with content and advertising tailored to your
individual interests. The information collected for these purposes may include details about things like the particular pages or ads you view on our websites and apps
and the actions you take on our websites and apps.
We, our service providers and partners may collect certain information about you via automated means such as, social media tools, widgets or plug-
ins to connect you to your social media accounts. These features may allow you to sign in through your social media account, share a link or post directly to your
social media account. When you visit a website that contains such tools or plugins, the social media or other service provider may learn of your visit. However, your
interactions with these tools are governed by the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platforms. As we do not control these third-parties’ data handling
practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms of use, and license agreements (if any). For further details, please consult Section 7 (“Features and Links to Other Websites”) of this Global Privacy Notice.
In addition, some of our online products and services include advanced fraud prevention technology using behavioral-based data, such as keystroke
timing, device accelerometer, scroll position and mouse-location.
Where required under applicable law, we obtain your consent prior to using the above automated means, and prior to sending you marketing
communications, tailored content and advertisings.
Please see the “Your Rights and Choices” section of this Global Privacy Notice to learn about your choices.
Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“DNT”) mechanisms, Mastercard does not
respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time. To learn more about browser tracking signals and DNT, visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Personal Information We Obtain when You Apply for a Job with Us
If you are applying for a job at Mastercard, we may collect certain Personal Information from your job applications on our Career website, such as
your contact information (including name, postal address, email address and phone number), job history, curriculum vitae, contact details of your referees and any
other Personal Information you choose to submit along with your application.
Personal Information We Collect in the Context of Our Business Relationship with Financial Institution, Merchant or other Entity Partnering with
Mastercard
We may collect Personal Information from individuals working for one of our business partners (including financial institutions, merchants,
customers, suppliers, vendors and other partners), including name, job title, department and name of organization, business email and postal addresses, business
telephone number, answers to security questions, security passwords and other credentials. We may use this information to provide products and services directly to
financial institutions, corporate clients, merchants, customers and partners, to manage our business relationships and financial reporting, for franchise development
and integrity, for marketing and to comply with applicable law, as well as for accounting, auditing and billing purposes.
View summary
2. How We May Use Your Personal Information
We May Use Your Personal Information to:
Process your payment transactions.
Protect against and prevent fraud, and other legal or information security risks.
Provide connectivity and dispute resolution services as part of our Open Banking solutions .
Provide and communicate with you about products and services offered by Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and partners.
Provide you with personalized services and recommendations.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business, including anonymization and analytics.
Process your job application.
Serve other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection, and as otherwise authorized or required by law.
Generate anonymized and aggregated data to prepare insights to advise Mastercard’s customers and partners regarding spending patterns, fraud and
other trends.
Learn more about you, including your preferences or other characteristics. We treat these inferences as Personal Information where required under
applicable law.
Where required under applicable law, we will only use your Personal Information with your consent; as necessary to provide you with products and services;
to comply with a legal obligation; or when there is a legitimate and overriding interest that necessitates the use.
Learn more
We may use Personal Information we obtain about you for the purposes set below. Depending on the country in which you are located, we will only process your
Personal Information, when we have a legal basis for processing as listed below:
Processing activity
Legal Basis for Processing (where required under applicable law)
Process your payment transactions (including authorization, clearing, chargebacks and other related dispute resolution activities).
In most cases, we process your payment transactions as a processor on behalf of your financial institutions, merchants and other partners which act as data
controllers. When we act as a processor, controllers are responsible for ensuring a legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information. Please refer to their
respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
In some limited cases (e.g., chargebacks), we may process your payment transactions as a controller, provided that:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations.
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and franchise quality with respect to the
integrity and security of our payments network.
When we process Personal Information for fraud prevention, we may act as a controller or as a processor. When we act as a controller,
we rely on one of the following legal grounds:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of protecting against fraud and managing the risk
exposure.
For more information on our fraud prevention and monitoring activities, please see our Fraud & Security Notice.
Provide connectivity and dispute resolution services as part of our Open Banking solutions
In most cases, we provide our Open Banking solutions as a processor on behalf of your service provider, merchants and other partners
which act as data controllers. When we act as a processor, controllers are responsible for ensuring a legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information.
Please refer to their respective privacy policies for more information regarding the processing of your Personal Information in these contexts.
In some limited cases, we process your Personal Information collected in the context of our Open Banking solutions as a controller, provided that:
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for such purpose (e.g., detecting fraud risks or resolving disputes).
For more information on our Open Banking activities, please see our Open Banking Privacy Notice.
Create and manage any accounts you may have with us, verify your identity, provide our services, and respond to your inquiries.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are
party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of creating and managing accounts and verify your identity, and
respond to your inquiries.
Provide, administer and communicate with you about products, services, offers, programs and promotions of Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and
partners (including contests, sweepstakes and any other marketing activities).
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of providing you with products and services.
Manage our customer, supplier and vendor relationships, including to create and publish business directories (which may include business contact information).
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are a party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purpose of managing our customer, supplier and vendor
relationships.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services); determining the effectiveness of and optimizing our advertising;
analyzing our products, services, websites, mobile apps and any other digital assets in order to facilitate their functionality; and analyzing and comparing our
customers’ approach to spending that have signed up to our marketing program (such as Priceless Specials) in order to understand and improve the effectiveness of the
program.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of operating, evaluating and improving our products or
services.
Performing due diligence reviews, accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of performing due diligence, billing, reconciliation and
collection activities.
Provide you with personalized services and recommendations. For example, we may use your Personal Information such as your email address and your interaction with
our website to analyze your preferences, interests and behavior in order to decide to provide you with tailored content and the most relevant offers, recommendations
and email communications about a specific product from Mastercard, financial institutions, merchants and partners.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of providing you personalized services and
recommendations.
Anonymize Personal Information and prepare and furnish aggregated data reports showing anonymized information (including compilations, analyses, analytical and
predictive models and rules, and other aggregated reports) for the purpose of advising our financial institutions, merchants and other customers and partners regarding
past and potential future patterns of spending, fraud, and other insights that may be extracted from this data.
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of anonymizing Personal Information and preparing and
furnishing aggregated data reports.
Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with Mastercard.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of evaluating your interest in employment and contacting you
regarding possible employment.
Enforce our Terms of Use or as necessary to establish, exercise and defend legal
rights.
The processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract to which you are party; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of enforcing the Terms of Use and establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
As may be required by applicable laws and regulations, including for compliance with Know Your Customers, Anti-Money Laundering, anti-corruption and sanctions
screening requirements, or as requested by any judicial process, law enforcement or governmental agency having or claiming jurisdiction over Mastercard or Mastercard’s
affiliates.
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of responding to a judicial process, law enforcement or
governmental agency.
Comply with industry standards and our policies.
You consented to the use of your Personal Information; or
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or other regulatory obligations; or
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for the purposes of complying with industry standards and our policies.
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Please consult the Specific Privacy Notice at the time of the collection.
Where required under applicable law, we have carried out balancing tests for the data processing based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to ensure that
such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. For more information on our balancing tests, you may contact us as
described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
We will not subject you to a decision based solely on automated processing that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly
affects you, unless you explicitly consented to the processing, the processing is necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract between you and Mastercard,
or when we are legally required to use your Personal Information in this way, for example to prevent fraud.
If you provide us with any information or material relating to another individual, you must make sure that the sharing with us and our further use
as described to you from time to time is in line with applicable laws, so for example you should duly inform that individual about the processing of her/his Personal
Information and obtain her/his consent, as may be necessary under applicable laws.
View summary
3. How We Share Your Personal Information
We May Share Personal Information with:
Mastercard’s headquarters in the U.S., our affiliates and other entities within Mastercard’s group of companies.
Service providers acting on our behalf.
Other participants in the Open Banking ecosystem, including financial institutions, merchants and third parties.
Other participants in the payment ecosystem, including financial institutions, and merchants.
Third parties for fraud monitoring and prevention purposes, or other purposes required by law.
Third parties whose feature you use in connection with our products and services or with your consent.
Other entities as required under applicable law or in the event of a sale or transfer of our business or assets.
Learn more
We do not disclose Personal Information we collect about you, except as described in this Global Privacy Notice, as disclosed to you at the time of data
collection or as described in our program specific privacy notice. We do not sell Personal Information we collect about you, as defined by the California Consumer
Privacy Act.
We transfer Personal Information globally within the Mastercard group of affiliated companies consistent with the terms of this Global Privacy Notice or as
we otherwise disclose at the time the data is collected.
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we will transfer your Personal Information in accordance with
the Mastercard Binding Corporate Rules available here.
We may also share your Personal Information:
With financial institutions and other entities that issue payment cards or merchants to process payment transactions and perform other
activities that you request.
With entities that partner with Mastercard or assist Mastercard in providing its products and services, including Open Banking services,
for fraud prevention and monitoring and third party identification services, to ensure the security of transactions and our payment processing system.
When we act as a service provider for third parties and provide them with Personal Information that we process on their behalf.
With our service providers who perform services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Global Privacy Notice (or in the
applicable program specific privacy notice). We require these service providers by contract to only process Personal Information in accordance with our instructions
and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or in compliance with applicable law. We also require them to safeguard the security and confidentiality of the
Personal Information they process on our behalf by implementing appropriate technical and organizational security measures and confidentiality obligations binding
employees accessing Personal Information.
With third parties whose features (e.g. third-party cookies, widgets, plug-ins) are integrated in our products and services. For further
details, please consult Section 7 (Features and Links to Other websites) of this Global Privacy Notice.
With social media networks when you directly engage with those platforms. For further details, please consult Section 7 (Features and Links to Other websites) of this Global Privacy Notice.
With other third parties with your consent.
As required under applicable law or legal process, or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect individuals’ vital interests, to
enforce our
Terms of Use, prevent Mastercard against harm or financial loss, or in
connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable
efforts to direct the transferee to use Personal Information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Global Privacy Notice. Following such a
sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your Personal Information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
View summary
4. Your Rights and Choices
Depending on your country, you may have the right or choice to:
Opt out of some collection or uses of your Personal Information, including the use of cookies and similar technologies, the use of your Personal
Information for marketing purposes, and the anonymization of your Personal Information for data analyses.
Access your Personal Information, rectify it, restrict or object to its processing, or request its deletion or anonymization.
Receive the Personal Information you provided to us to transmit it to another company.
Withdraw any consent provided.
Where applicable, lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority.
You can exercise your rights on Mastercard’s “My Data Center” portal. You may also submit a request as described in the “How to Contact Us”
section below.
Learn more
You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we maintain about you and certain choices about what Personal Information we collect from you,
how we use it, and how we communicate with you.
If you are located in California, we will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose
to exercise these rights, except where the different price or level of quality of good or service is reasonably related to the value of the data that we receive from
you. In some instances, we may not be able to provide you with the good or service that you request if you choose to exercise certain rights.
You can choose:
Not to provide Personal Information to Mastercard by refraining from conducting payment transactions or from submitting Personal
Information directly to us. When we collect Personal Information from you, we indicate whether and why it is necessary to provide it to us, as well as the consequences
of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information, you may not be able to benefit from the full range of Mastercard products and services, and we may not
be able to provide you with the Mastercard products or services if that information is necessary to provide you with them, or if we are legally required to collect it
in relation to the provision of such product or service.
To opt out of the collection and use of certain information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit our websites or
use our apps. In certain jurisdictions, you can exercise your choice regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies via the Cookie Consent tool displayed in the
bottom right corner of Mastercard websites. Your browser may tell you how to be notified of and opt out of having certain types of cookies placed on your device. Note
that without certain cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our websites, apps or online services.
To opt out of certain uses of information, which we collect about you by automated means, when you visit third-party websites and interact
with our ads. We may use service providers to serve ads on those third-party websites. These ads may be customized and served based on the use of data we and our
partners have collected on our websites and apps. In addition, some of our service providers and partners may collect information about your online activities over
time and across third-party websites to customize and serve these ads. Mastercard ads are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers (i) learn more about how
their data is being used and (ii) exercise choices they may have regarding the use of their data. Please click here or, where applicable, on the icon in our targeted ads to learn about your ability to opt out or limit the use of
your browsing behavior for advertising purposes.
To tell us not to send you marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by
contacting us as indicated below. You also may opt out of receiving marketing emails from Mastercard by clicking here.
To opt out of the anonymization of your Personal Information to perform data analyses by clicking here.
Depending on the country in which you are located, you may have the right to:
Request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your
Personal Information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Information, to have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to
exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint
with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge.
We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
You may opt out from certain processing of your Personal Information, e.g. via our opt-out webpage.
Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable
law, contact us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
We have developed Mastercard’s “My Data Center” portal to facilitate the exercise of your rights.
If we fall short of your expectations in processing your Personal Information or you wish to make a complaint about our privacy practices, please
tell us because it gives us an opportunity to fix the problem. To assist us in responding to your request, please give full details of the issue. We attempt to review
and respond to all complaints within a reasonable time and as required under applicable law.
To learn more about the APEC Certification and access Dispute Resolution, please click on the TRUSTe seal.
View summary
5. Data Transfers
Mastercard is a global business. We may transfer your Personal Information to the United States and other countries which may not have the same data protection
laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, but we will protect your Personal Information in accordance with this Global Privacy Notice, or as
otherwise disclosed to you.
If you are located in the EEA, we will process your Personal Information in accordance with our Binding Corporate Rules and other data transfer
mechanisms.
Mastercard’s privacy practices, described in this Global Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR system
provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC
framework can be found here.
Learn more
Mastercard is a global business. We may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to recipients in countries other than your country, including
the United States, where we are headquartered. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the
information. When we transfer your Personal Information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Global Privacy Notice, as disclosed
to you at the time of data collection or as described in our program-specific privacy notice.
We comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate safeguards for the transfer of Personal Information to countries other than the country
where you are located. In particular, we have established and implemented a set of Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) that have been recognized by EEA data protection
authorities as providing an adequate level of protection to the Personal Information we process globally. A copy of our BCRs is available here. We may also transfer Personal Information to
countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued, use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to third parties, such as the European
Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses or their equivalent under applicable law, or rely on third parties’ certification to the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Frameworks where applicable. You may contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below to obtain a copy of the
safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA.
Additionally, Mastercard’s privacy practices, described in this Global Privacy Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The
APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information
about the APEC framework can be found here.
View summary
6. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain appropriate security safeguards to protect your Personal Information and only retain it for a limited period of time.
Learn more
The security of your Personal Information is important to Mastercard. We are committed to protecting the information we collect. We maintain reasonable
administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Information you provide or we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized
destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. We use SSL encryption on a number of our websites from which we transfer certain Personal Information.
We also take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no
longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention
period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship
with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory
retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
View summary
7. Features and Links to Other Websites
Our websites may include links to other third-party websites, social media tools, widgets or plug-ins, permitting sharing web content including IP address, with
third parties and social media providers. These social media providers may learn of your visit even if you are not logged in to your social media account or if you do
not have an account with them. To the extent any linked websites or features you visit or use are not owned or controlled by Mastercard, we suggest that you review
their own privacy notices or policies.
Learn more
Our websites may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. Our website may also contain certain features for which we partner
with other entities. These entities may learn of your visit regardless of whether you use these features. These websites and features, which may include social
networking and geo-location tools, operate independently from Mastercard, and are clearly identified as such. To the extent any linked websites or features you visit
or use are not owned or controlled by Mastercard, we suggest that you review the privacy practices of the websites.
Mastercard offers you the possibility to share, link to, or mention things on social media about Mastercard’s products and services.
For example,
you may “like” an offer via your Facebook account, or “tweet” an offer using Twitter. When you visit a website with a social media button, your browser establishes a
direct connection to that social media provider, and data concerning your visit, including IP address, is transferred to the social media provider. If you have an
account with the social media provider, the provider may link your visit to your account, even if you are not logged into this account.
You may also choose to use certain features on our websites that can be accessed through, or for which we partner with, other entities that are not
otherwise affiliated with Mastercard. These features, including geo-location tools, are operated by third parties and are clearly identified as such. Social media
providers such as Facebook and Twitter, and these other third parties, are independent from Mastercard and do not necessarily share the same policy as Mastercard
regarding the protection of privacy. Please verify their privacy notices if you decide to use their services and consult your social media account settings if you want
to deactivate certain features.
View summary
8. Children’s Privacy
Mastercard products and services are not directed to, or intended for, children under the age of 16.
Learn more
Mastercard products and services are not directed to, or intended for, children under the age of 16. However, Mastercard may collect Personal Information
about children below the age of 16 years of age from the parent or guardian directly, and with that person’s explicit consent.
View summary
9. Updates to This Global Privacy Notice
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices.
Learn more
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our Personal Information practices. We will post a prominent notice on relevant
websites to notify you of any significant or material changes to our Global Privacy Notice prior to them becoming effective and indicate at the top of the Notice when
it was most recently updated. If we update our Global Privacy Notice, in certain circumstances, we may seek your consent.
View summary
10. How to Contact Us
You can e-mail us, and our Data Protection Officer at privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com. If
you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, Mastercard Europe SA is the data controller and you may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal
Information on Mastercard’s "My Data Center” portal.
Learn more
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Global Privacy Notice and our privacy practices, or would like to update your privacy
preferences, please email us at:
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com or write to us at:
Global Privacy OfficeMastercard International Incorporated2000 Purchase StreetPurchase, New York 10577USA
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, Mastercard Europe SA is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Information. You
may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s “My Data Center” portal,
or email us at: privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com, or write to us at:
EEA Data Protection OfficerMastercard Europe SAChaussée de Tervuren 198AB-1410 WaterlooBelgium
If you are located in Brazil, Mastercard Brasil Soluções de Pagamento Ltda. is the entity responsible for the processing of your Personal
Information. You may submit your request to exercise your rights to your Personal Information on Mastercard’s "My Data Center” portal, or email us at: privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com or write to us at:
Brazil Data Protection Officer
Mastercard Brasil Soluções de Pagamento Ltda.
Avenida das Nações Unidas, 14.171, 20º andar, Crystal Tower
São Paulo/SP
Brasil
CEP 04794-000
For enquiries about your Mastercard card and your purchase, you should contact your financial institution or merchant. More information about how to contact them can be found on their respective websites.
View summary
Manage Cookies
You are about to leave the Mastercard site. Are you sure you would like to proceed?
×
Close
Cancel
Go to my bank
×
Close