http://www.pint.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyPINT values privacy and Data security in our effort to provide software and support Services to our Customers. We collect Data about our Customers and their end users ("Data") when they use our software, support Services or our websites (collectively, "Services"). This privacy policy describes how we collect, use and disclose Data.In this privacy policy, we sometimes refer to "You". "You" may be a visitor to one of our websites, a user of one or more of our support Services ("User"), or a Customer who purchased our software ("Customer"). We will make every effort to clarify which term we are using as we describe our Privacy Policy. Our policy does not extend to third-party websites, products, or Services regardless of any association or link to our Services. You should analyze the policies of these third-parties regarding privacy in order to safeguard Yourself as a Customer, as well as Your Users. If You disagree with any of this policy, You should:take the necessary steps to remove cookies from Your computer after leaving our websitediscontinue your use of our servicesWe use cookies to identify and facilitate Your use of our site. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to Your computer's hard drive through Your Web browser (if You allow) that enables the sites or service providers' systems to recognize Your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to help us remember, process and compile aggregate Data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.OverviewYour Data is collected in different ways depending on Your use of our websites, support Services or Software. Sometimes we receive Data directly, for example: when You subscribe to our mailing list, apply for a position with PINT or email with our support team. In other cases, we obtain Data by logging interactions You have with our websites using cookies or tracking scripts.In order to provide the best Services and security for our products it is crucial that we collect Data from Users and Customers. Data is essential when planning feature development for our products, improving User experience on our websites and providing timely and accurate Services to our Customers.Data We Collecta. Personal DataAny Data that can individually identify You, or that can reasonably be used to identify You personally will be referred to as "Personal Data". We collect Personal Data in different ways. We collect Personal Data when an organization contracts with PINT, when a User registers for company updates, when a person applies for employment or when a person engages our support team with an inquiry. Anonymized Data or Data which has been aggregated is not considered Personal Data in that it cannot be reasonably associated with a specific person. When contracting and purchasing Services with PINT, as appropriate, the Personal Data that we may collect includes: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.b. Other DataApart from Personal Data, PINT collects information that will be referred to as "Other Data". Other Data is collected through several sources. A common source of Other Data is cookies and a variety of techniques and technologies that record Data about the use of our websites, websites that implement our software or that make use of our Services. Other Data that we may collect could include:Data from Your browser and/or device including: IP address, device type/manufacturer/model, operating system and version, Internet browser type, screen resolution, language, plug-ins, add-ons and Your version of the ServicesTransaction Data, such as purchases, purchase amount, date of purchase, and payment methodCookie and tracking technology Data, such as time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic DataCompany Data, such as a company's legal structure, product and service offerings, jurisdiction or company recordsHow We Use Dataa. Personal DataPersonal Data is used by PINT and our service providers to provide our support Services, better communicate with Users and to analyze and improve our products. Examples of how we may use Personal Data include:To personalize Your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to Your individual needs.To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from You.To improve Customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to Your Customer service requests and support needs.To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without Your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To engage You and communicate with you regarding potential employment with our company.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emails. The email address You provide for purchasing Services will only be used to send You information and updates pertaining to Your purchase. If You decide to opt-out our mailing list, You will not receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time You would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.b. Other DataWe may use Other Data for a range of different purposes, provided we comply with applicable law and our contractual commitments. In some countries (for example, European Economic Area countries), local legal regimes may require us to treat some or all of Other Data as "Personal Data" under applicable Data protection laws. Where this is the case, we will process Other Data only for the same purposes as Personal Data under this privacy policy.How We Disclose DataWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties Your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing You, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release Your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our site policies, or to protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses, where permitted by law.SecurityWe implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of Your personal information when You place an order or access Your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, Your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy You may contact us using the information below.Please be as clear as possible in Your email regarding the specific information You would like altered, erased or reported. For Your protection, PINT may only alter, erase or report Personal Data linked to the specific email submitting the request.Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and Services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value Your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute Your personal information to outside parties without Your consent.Global and Cross-Jurisdictional CompliancePINT has many Customers in regions and jurisdictions outside of California and the United States. We may store Personal Data in any country we or our service providers require and we may transfer Data beyond Your country of residence, either of which may have different Data protection laws. PINT will take all appropriate measures to ensure that Your Data remains protected to the standards described in this privacy policy. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access Your Personal Data based on the jurisdictions in which systems or service providers are located.PINT's Data Controller ResponsibilitiesIn certain circumstances, PINT acts as a Data Controller including: Customer financial transactions, recording User behavior on websites through a third-party service provider or providing support Services through a third-party platform. PINT may respond to requests to alter, delete or report Personal Data in a timely fashion upon request from Customers and Users and to the extent required by applicable law.PINT's Data Processor ResponsibilitiesPINT acts as a Data Processor in circumstances in which we maintain production environments for our Customers' websites and applications. Our Customers may receive requests from their Users to report, alter or delete User Data in accordance with governing law. PINT will do its best to facilitate such requests in a timely fashion where necessary. Inquiries regarding PINT's Data Processor responsibilities should be directed to .Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date above.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy You may contact us using the information below.