https://www.usmilcom.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
This is the web site of USMILCOM, Inc. Our company is very sensitive to the privacy of its customers and visitors to our online store. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail or writing to us. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us. No information regarding any customer or guest will ever be made available to others.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.usmilcom.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom may it be shared? We collect information necessary to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data? You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
What security procedures are in place to protect the misuse of your information? We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information is kept in a secure environment.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information?
If you want to correct any inaccuracies in the information you have shared with www.usmilcom.com please contact us at 1-714-835-3545.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-714-835-3545.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Attributions
Site Map
Blog
Copyright 2020 © USMILCOM, Inc.
Home
Catalog
Full Catalog
Gunny’s Corner
Little Giant Government and Military Ladders
Network Cable
Blog
Fiber Optic Stock
Outside Plant Cable
About us
Manufacturers
EyeLock
Little Giant Ladders
Moonglo
Sensera
All Manufacturers
Contact Us/Map
Login
Newsletter
+1  (714)  835-3545
[ivory-search id="22438" title="Default Search Form"]
Call Now ButtonScroll Up
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register