http://www.computersupplypeople.com/home/terms_of_service
Cart
Checkout
0 $0.00
Create Account
Login Help
E-mail: sales@computersupplypeople.com
PRODUCTS
Koss Headphones
Furniture
Office Supplies
Media
CORELISTS
Home Page Products
Printer Supplies
SERVICES
Cartridge Recycling
HP Rewards Program
Printer Repair / Parts
Media Destruction
Media Buy Back
Office Furniture
ABOUT US
CLEARANCE
Terms of Service
Access and Use of the Website
The Computer Supply People grants you a limited license to access and use the Website, including to
display, copy, distribute and download its content, only for your personal, non-commercial
use and provided that you do not modify the Website, its content, or any copyright
or other proprietary notices.
This license terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms and
conditions of use. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy all copies
in your possession.
Unauthorized use of the Website or any content may violate copyright laws,
trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations
and statutes.
Restrictions on Use of the Website
Except as expressly authorized above, you may not copy, modify, distribute,
download, display, transfer, post, or transmit the Website or its content
in any form without The Computer Supply People's prior written permission.
The following activities are also expressly prohibited without The Computer Supply People's prior
written permission: any non-personal or commercial use; use of any robot, spider,
other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the Website or
any of its content; "mirroring" the Website or any content on any
other server; collection or use of product listings, descriptions, or prices
for a supplier of competitive or comparable products; and any action that imposes
an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website or otherwise
interferes with its functioning.
Posting and Transmitting to the Website
Except for information that is subject to the The Computer Supply People Privacy Policy, The Computer Supply People will
not treat information you post or transmit to the Website as confidential
or proprietary. By sending information to The Computer Supply People through the Website (by transmitting,
posting, or otherwise), you agree that The Computer Supply People may use that information in any
way, for any purpose, including The Computer Supply People's own commercial purposes, subject
only to the The Computer Supply People Privacy Policy.
You may not post or transmit any threatening, defamatory, sexually graphic,
inflammatory, profane, or other inappropriate material. The Computer Supply People reserves the right
to edit or remove any post or transmission that, in its judgment, is not appropriate.
Accuracy of Information and Disclaimer of Warranty
The Computer Supply People has made every effort to present the content on the Website accurately,
but additions, deletions and changes may occur. Content on the Website is
provided “as is”; neither The Computer Supply People nor its representatives make any
representation or warranty with respect to the content.
The Computer Supply People and its representatives specifically disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, any and all warranties, express or implied, relating to the Website
or its content, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability,
completeness, timeliness, correctness, noninfringement, or fitness for any
particular purpose.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will The Computer Supply People or its affiliates have any liability with respect
to any claims or damages (whether direct or indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or punitive) as a result of your access or use of (or inability
to access or use) this Website or its content, even if they have been advised
of the possibility of such damages. You access and use this Website at your
own risk.
Links to this Website
The Computer Supply People grants you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink
to the home page of the Website so long as the link does not portray The Computer Supply People
or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or offensive
matter. You may not use the The Computer Supply People logo, The Computer Supply People trademark, or The Computer Supply People's name
or trademarks, or other proprietary graphic in the link without the prior
written permission of The Computer Supply People.
Links to Third Party Websites
The Computer Supply People does not review or control third party Websites that link to or from the
Website, is not responsible for their content, and does not represent that
their content is accurate or appropriate. Your use of such third party site
is on your own initiative and at your own risk and may be subject to the
other sites’ terms of use.
Ownership
The material provided on this Website is protected by law, including, but
not limited to, United States copyright law and international treaties. The
copyright in the content of the Website is owned by The Computer Supply People or others. Except
for the limited rights granted above, all other rights are reserved.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Some images are
courtesy of manufacturers.
Privacy
Please review the The Computer Supply People Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this
Website.
CONTACT:
The Computer Supply People
(Formerly Media Management and Magnetics)
N84 W13568 Leon Rd
Menomonee Falls, WI 53051
Toll Free : 800-242-2090
Local : 262-251-5511
Fax : 262-251-4737
medmgt@computersupplypeople.com
46972
HELP:
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Shipping Rates and Delivery Times