https://www.startpage.com/privacy-please/
Let’s get some privacy, please!
Startpage’s Privacy Please! blog and newsletter are a reliable authority on privacy news and tips on how to protect your data rights.
May 19, 2020
Private Search Engine Comparison
How do you select a private search engine? Dan Arel explains the difference between private search engines Startpage, DuckDuckGo, and Mojeek. Perhaps they will help you narrow down your choices.…
Read more
Privacy Advocate Articles
December 10, 2020
Privacy In Action: Dr. Christine Izuakor, Cyber Culture Hacker, PhD, CISSP
Privacy in Action is a series of interviews with privacy-minded Startpage users from diverse backgrounds. The goal of the series is to explore different perspectives on privacy, how privacy takes action in their lives, and provide recommendations for people who value their personal data and privacy. Dr. Christine Izuakor is…
Read more
December 3, 2020
Privacy in Action: John Jackson, Cybersecurity Expert & Author
Privacy in Action is a series of interviews with privacy-minded Startpage users from diverse backgrounds. The goal of the series is to explore different perspectives on privacy, how privacy takes action in their lives, and provide recommendations for people with similar backgrounds. John Jackson is a Cybersecurity Expert, Ethical Hacker,…
Read more
November 24, 2020
Checking for HTTPS to make sure a website is secure
Dan Arel is a privacy and digital rights activist, founder and curator of ThinkPrivacy.ch, as well as an award-winning journalist, and best-selling author. His work has appeared in the Huff Post, OpenSource, Hacker Noon, Time Magazine, and more. You can follow him on Twitter @danarel. — With the pandemic still growing around…
Read more
More Articles
Privacy Guides
October 13, 2020
Why Your Browser Matters
What is a Browser? An internet browser is a software application used to access the internet. Your devices (desktop, laptop, mobile, tablet) typically come with a pre-installed browser such as Safari, Microsoft Edge, or Google Chrome. What are some real-world examples of browsers? The same way you may add apps…
Read more
June 17, 2020
How to Set Up Your Mac for Privacy
Make your Mac private! Here are steps you can take to protect your privacy - from securing your Mac to making Startpage your default search engine. 1. Easily encrypt your Mac with the built-in FileVault FileVault encryption protects the files on your Mac from being seen or copied by encoding…
Read more
More Articles
Startpage Articles
December 8, 2020
Introducing Startpage’s new search results page
Startpage’s latest product update gives users a faster and more dynamic search results page. Our goal, as the world’s most private search engine, is to make it easy to find the information you’re searching for without sacrificing your personal data. Starting today, all global users are able to receive more…
Read more
November 30, 2020
How To Avoid “Cyber Monday Hangover”
According to Mozilla, “The average person sees an average of 4,000 ads a day.” (https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/features/adblocker/) To put that in perspective, think about how many people you see in a day. During COVID-19, it’s probably much lower than usual. Do you see 10 people? Perhaps 50 if your day is packed…
Read more
November 23, 2020
Black Friday and Cyber Monday Best Privacy Practices
Every year, three frenzied days - Black Friday, Small Business Saturday, and Cyber Monday - kick off the holiday shopping season. On Black Friday 2019, “brick-and-mortar sales were up 4.2%” and “online shopping pulled in a record $7.2 billion.” The deals are usually so good that we hear of at…
Read more
More Articles
Newsletter Sign Up
Receive Privacy Please! news and articles by email.
E-mailFirstnameLastnameSubscribe
We partner with a privacy-oriented email platform to manage our lists and send newsletters. Learn more here.
Go Private
Make Startpage your
default search engine
Set as default