http://www.webmasterslibrary.com/privacy.html
Articles
Interviews
Books
Links
Contact Us | About Webmasters' Library | Submit Content | Link to Us | Feedback
Home > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This page discloses the processing and use
of data collected while visiting WebmastersLibrary.com. Your privacy as a
visitor of WebmastersLibrary.com and an Internet user is important to us. We will do everything
possible to ensure your privacy is respected in all dealings with Webmasters' Library.
Location of Service:
The creator of Webmasters' Library, Brad Culbert, is based in Queensland, Australia
Webmasters' Library is hosted by Lunarpages in California, USA
Collection of Data:
You can access our website without disclosing
personally identifiable information. We do not automatically log personal data, nor
do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal
data about specific individuals.
Users have the option of subscribing to the Webmasters' Library email newsletter.
Email addresses collected from subscriptions to the Webmasters' Library newsletter are not sold,
or disclosed to any third parties. These addresses will only be used to send communications related
to Webmasters' Library. You will not receive any emails you did not request.
Non-identifiable web tracking data is collected to gain
information about the use of our website. Information collected includes;
Internet Protocol address, referring URL, browser version, page views and operating
system. This information is used solely for statistical, research and development purposes and
allows us to further improve the services we provide to you.
Webmasters' Library is associated with the following third party organisations. Links to respective
privacy policies are provided for each:
Google AdSense to receive context-sensitive search results on website pages. Google Privacy Policy
Amazon.com for product reviews, images and purchase links. Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Mailer Mailer to manage subscriptions to the Webmasters' Library Newsletter. Mailer Mailer Privacy Policy
Disclosure of Personal Information:
No personal or personally identifiable information about visitors to Webmasters' Library, or subscribers to the Webmasters' Library Newsletter, is disclosed to any third parties.
Cookies:
Webmasters' Library itself, does not create or use any cookies
in visitors browsers. However, third party content displayed on Webmasters' Library, may use
anonymous cookies for traffic analysis purposes.
Please see the Collection of Data
section for links to these third party privacy policies.
External Site Links:
Webmasters' Library contains links to external websites outside
the WebmastersLibrary.com domain. We are in no way responsible for
the privacy practices or content of these websites.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy statement,
please contact us.
Webmasters' Library Newsletter
Subscribe to our free newsletter to get the latest webmaster articles delivered to you monthly.
Privacy Statement
Featured Items
Recommended Sites
Web Development Books
Lunarpages Web Hosting
Bistech - IBM Cognos BI & TM1 Training and Consulting
The contents of this site are copyright © 2000-2009, Webmasters' Library. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Statement