http://www.whoishotnow.com/terms/
Terms | SoftLoan
HomeApply NOWBlogTermsPrivacy Policy
Select Page
TermsPlease read this information carefully and print a copy and/or retain this information electronically for future reference.Permission to Gather / Verify DataYou give SOFTLoan permission to verify the information you provided to us in this application. We may also use the information you provided to gather additional data related to your loan application. This information may come from a number of sources, including consumer reporting agencies and sources named in this application. If we make you a loan and you consent to ACH withdrawals for loan payments, we will use the bank account information you give us to process those payments.Important Information About Procedures for Opening a New AccountTo help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents.Collection and Use of Bank Account Information:If we extend credit to a consumer, we will consider the bank account information provided by the consumer as eligible for us to process payments against. In addition, as part of our information collection process, we may detect additional bank accounts under the ownership of the consumer. We will consider these additional accounts to be part of the application process.Credit Reporting DisclosureWe may make inquiries concerning your credit history and standing, and may report information concerning your performance including, but not limited to, missed payments, or other defaults, to credit reporting agencies. Missed payments or other defaults on your Loan may be reflected in your credit report.Certification and ReleaseBy consenting to these terms, you certify that the information you provide to SOFTLoan is true, complete, and correct. You authorize SOFTLoan, its authorized representatives, servicers, and/or assignees to verify the information by contacting any of the persons or firms listed by you. You fully release all parties from claims of damage that may arise out of or relate to any such contacts. Any false information submitted by you shall be sufficient reason for denial of your request for credit services.Accuracy of Your Account InformationIn keeping with reasonable industry standards, we have procedures to ensure that your financial information is accurate, current, and complete. If you believe our records contain inaccurate or incomplete information about you, please notify us. We will investigate your concerns and correct any information we determine to be inaccurate.Contact and Marketing PreferencesSOFTLoan may contact you by several methods, including but not limited to, electronic mail to any email address you provide; regular U.S. Postal mail to any address we have on file; calling you at any number you provide to us with an auto dialer or pre-recorded message; and text messaging or via other mobile communications method, if you have provided your mobile telephone number to us. We may use one or all of these methods to contact you about your loan or application; inform you of promotions, savings, and/or services we believe may interest you; remind you of upcoming payments; and to communicate with you regarding collections and other loan-related issues. It is your responsibility to update your contact information. If we are unable to reach you using the contact information we have, we may reach out to third-parties to obtain updated contact information for you. You authorize SOFTLoan and its authorized representatives to call you using a predictive dialer or other automated telephone dialing device during reasonable hours at any of the phone numbers you provide to us by pre-recorded message or live representative. However, you are not required to provide this authorization as a condition of entering into your loan. You may update your contact information and preferences by calling us at (888) 789-8976 or emailing us at help@SOFTLoan.com.Children and the InternetWe respect the privacy of your children, and we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We do not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from consumers under the age of thirteen (13). You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to obtain services from SOFTLoan.
Search for:
Loan Amount
Loan Length 12 Months24 Months36 Months48 Months60 Months72 Months
Interest Rate (%) Monthly Payment:
Recent Posts Invoice Factoring vs. Bank LoansAdvertisement:
Trending Topic
RSS © 2020 Soft Loan