https://www.miton.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Privacy and cookies policy
Home/Privacy and cookies policy
Privacy and cookies policy
_df gmbh Customer Support
2018-09-18T08:30:03+00:00
(Effective July 25, 2018)
This website is provided by MITON Systems Ltd. (“MITON,” “we,” “our” or “us”). This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices with regard to personal information about you that we gather or collect via this website and any other MITON website that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as the “Site”).
Please take a moment to review the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that certain features or services discussed in this Privacy Policy may not be offered on the Site at any particular time.
1. Collection of Information About You
The Site is intended to be accessed for business rather than personal purposes. When you visit our Site we may collect two types of information about you: (1) information about you that you voluntarily choose to provide to us and that could reasonably be used to identify you personally or that is associated with information that identifies you (“Personal Information”), and (2) information related to your activities on the Site that we automatically collect as you interact with the Site (“Site Usage Information”).
Information You Provide to Us on the Site
Generally, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are and without giving us any Personal Information. The only way that we collect Personal Information about you through the Site is if you voluntarily provide information in response to requests we may make at various places and through various mechanisms on the Site. This may include, for example, when you fill out and submit forms (such as if you register to receive email communications or newsletters), when you post to any  blog, or chat room that we may make available on the Site, and when you submit a question or request to the Site using a form or e-mail address link on the Site. In such case, we will collect whatever Personal Information you voluntarily provide in response to your request, such as your name, title, company, job title, address, e-mail address, or phone number. Because the Site is intended to be accessed for business rather than personal purposes, however, we ask you not to share your personal information except as it relates to a business purpose. For example, where requested, please use your business-related address, e-mail address, and phone number.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Site
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain Site Usage Information related to your activities on the Site. This may include information such as your IP address, your browser type and operating system, the domain name of your Internet service provider, the address (or “URL”) of the Site that you came from before visiting the Site, the pages you view, the time and length of your stay, and what you clicked on.
To collect Site Usage Information, we may utilize a variety of technologies, such as cookies (a small data file placed on your computer when you visit the Site), web beacons (small graphic images or other web programming code that may be included in our Site pages), and embedded scripts (code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as which links you click on). Some mobile service providers may also provide us and/or our third-party service providers with information regarding the device identifier and/or physical location of the device used to access the Site.
Site Usage Information is usually anonymous information, since it is not normally associated with you or your identity. If Site Usage Information is combined with Personal Information in a manner that it is directly associated with your identity, then it will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Children
The Site is not directed to children younger than age thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) on the Site and we will delete any such information later determined to be from a person younger than age thirteen (13).
2. Use of Personal Information
We retain and use Personal Information that we collect: (1) to provide you with information or services that you have requested; (2) to communicate with you regarding our activities, products and accomplishments (3) to respond to your questions or other requests; (4) to contact you with regard to the Site or other aspects of your relationship with us; (5) to process changes to any account you may have established with us; (6)  to fulfill other reasonable business purposes.
We retain and use the Site Usage Information that we collect for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to help us understand the demographics of the visitors to the Site, to enhance the performance and usefulness of the Site, to customize your experience on the Site, to serve you specific content, to identify trends, or to audit use of the Site.
3. Sharing of Personal Information with Third Parties
We do not share Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ marketing purposes. We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as Site Usage Information or other aggregated user statistics, with third parties. In addition, we may share Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, in any manner in which you expressly consent via the Site, or in the following circumstances:
Third parties providing services on our behalf
We may share Personal Information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. This includes, without limitation, third parties that assist in managing our organization, develop or host our website and/or data, send communications, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, or provide customer service on our behalf. We may provide these third parties with access to Personal Information for the limited purpose of carrying out the services they are performing for us or on our behalf.
Corporate Change
We reserve the right to disclose and transfer Personal Information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, financing, sale of substantially all assets, or other corporate change.
Legal Requirements and Law Enforcement
We may disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an audit or investigation; pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or discovery request in litigation; to verify or enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or other agreements or policies governing the Site and applicable laws, rules, and regulations; or whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of the Site, its users or other third parties. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful.
4. Submission to User Forums
The Site may provide blogs, message boards, chat rooms or other public interactive areas on the Site (“User Forums”) to give users of the Site a forum to express their opinions, comment on materials posted on the Site, and share their ideas, information, materials, and other user-generated content (collectively “Submissions”). Please note that Submissions posted on User Forums will generally be publicly accessible, and that we do not control who will have access to any Submissions that you choose to make public on the Site, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your Submissions. In some cases, Submissions may also be subjected to certain filtering by a third party, and may thereby be subject to the privacy policy of such third party, as disclosed on any applicable User Forum. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Submissions.
5. Updating Your Information
Depending on the functionality associated with the Site feature you are using, you may be able to review, correct, or update certain of the Personal Information that we collect on the Site. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
6. Security of Personal Information
We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure Personal Information we collect. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission, or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Please consider this prior to submitting Personal Information to us via the Site.
7. Third Party Content
When you are on the Site, certain content may be served by a third party. These third parties may also set their own cookies and/or use web beacons or embedded scripts, which may be used to identify some of your preferences or to recognize you if you have previously had contact with those third parties. We do not control the use of such technology by third parties, the information they collect, or how they use such information.
8. Links to Other Sites
The Site may contain links to other third party Sites whose information practices may be different from ours. If you provide Personal Information to such third parties all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the specific privacy policies posted on these Sites prior to submitting Personal information to them.
9. Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to alter, modify, update, add to, subtract from or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at any time, which will become effective as of posting on the Site. We will use Personal Information about you in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless we receive your consent to the new or revised policy.
10. Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us
By e-mail: info@miton.co.uk;
By phone: +44 (0)1923 286501;
By postal mail:
Miton Systems Ltd, 49 Dove Park,
Chorleywood, Herts WD3 5NY
United Kingdom
ATTN: Support
Miton Systems Ltd, Suite 4a Statham House,
Talbot Road, Stretford, Manchester M32 0FP United Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0)1923 286501
E-Mail: info@miton.co.uk
Technical Support:
+44 (0)1923 882101
Support e-Mail: support@miton.co.uk
Newsletter Subscription
E-mail *
Search
This website uses cookies to allow us to provide you the best experience while visiting our website. By continuing to use the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time but if you do, you may lose some functionality. More information may be found in our Privacy Policy.OK