https://www.wowrack.com/industries/legal-firm
Sales | 1-866-883-8808
Legal Firm
Dedicated. Encrypted. Managed.
Specialized Managed Private Cloud built for legal entities.
We’re living in a Digital Age!
In todays digital age, legal firms face unprecedented pressures when it comes to their data.
From clients data to partners and associates data, you need to be able to trust in a proven cloud solutions provider to deliver you a solution that will not only deliver security, but also be able to provide a scale as your firm grows all while being cost-effective.
Data On Demand!
As technology improves, customers’ demands also increase.
Information needs to be available on the go and at your fingertips, allowing you to make better decisions and be able to execute quickly.
Wowrack enables your firm with a unique and customized server infrastructure that delivers and that you can count on 24/7/365 with the best of breed hardware built with redundancies and security in mind as well as the performance to meets your needs today and the future.
Get Your No-Obligation Consultation Today!
Host all your specialized software in a Private Virtual Desktop environment, including:
plus any other software that powers your operations
plus any other software that powers your operations
How we can help?
Data Security & Encryption
Reduce your risks by allowing Wowrack to architect a fully managed and dedicated cloud environment that meets your compliancy requirements.
This customized environment’s data can also be encrypted both at-rest and in-transit.
Managed Security
Wowrack will monitor your environment 24/7/365 not only on a physical level but also from the network level down to the OS itself.
These services are provided proactively with remediation being provided by our engineers who are standing by day and night.
Improve Performance
Being in a house as compared to an apartment is great way to explain a dedicated environment vs a multi-tenant environment via public cloud providers.
Because you will have a dedicated environment, you will be the sole stakeholder who will take advantage of amazing performance powered by cutting-edge storage appliances and hypervisors to power your I/O intensive critical applications and data processing.
Interconnectivity
Privately and securely connect back to your cloud infrastructure hosted in our data center from your offices, branch locations, any company-owned IT infrastructure and even any other public cloud environments you may have.
Wowrack understands the need for interconnectivity and can assist and manage the process of integrating your dedicated private cloud with other critical pieces of your organization.
Wowrack Quick Facts
100+ Employees here to help!
including experts in Linux, Windows Server and related SKU’s, Cisco, Juniper and more!
15+ Years in Business
Wowrack is self-funded and supports the IT operations of start-ups all the way to Fortune 100 companies.
7 POP's Globally
3 locations in the USA, one of which we own and operate entirely with 18,000 sq ft. in Seattle with 4 across Asia and Europe.
Contact Us!
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Email *
Phone *
Best Time to Contact *
Select Time
Morning
Afternoon
Anytime
Known Service Requirements *
Verification Question*
Submit
Get Updates, Discounts and News
Subscribe
Get Updates, Discounts and News
Subscribe
×
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Email *
Phone *
Service Interested In (check all that apply)*
Dedicated Hosting
Hosted VM
Colocation
Disaster Recovery
Backup Services
SD-WAN
Managed Services
Time of day that works best
Select Time
Morning
Afternoon
Anytime
When are you looking to deploy
Time to Deploy
Less than 30 days
30-90 days
90+ days
How did you find us?
Please select
Google
Other Search Engine
Event/Trade Show
Web Forum
Friend/Family Member
Wowrack Employee
Colleague
From a current customer
Other
Brief Description of Project.
Verification Question*
Cancel
Submit
×
Contact Us
Email *
Verification Question*
Cancel
Subscribe
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of such cookies.
Learn more
Accept
We just updated our privacy policy,
Click here to find out more