https://www.openxtra.co.uk/terms#returns
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Menu
Home
Environment MonitorsEthernet Environment MonitorsRack Environment MonitorsGSM Environment MonitorsWi-Fi Environment MonitorsLoRa Environment MonitorsRoom Alert MonitorssensorProbe MonitorssensorProbe+ Monitorssecurityprobe MonitorsSensorsEnvironment SensorsTemperature SensorsFlood SensorsSmoke SensorsAir Flow SensorsPower SensorsTemperature / Humidity SensorsSecurity SensorsSpecialist SensorsSensor AdaptersLoRa Wireless SensorsSecurity CamerasPower SwitchesEthernet Power SwitchesGSM Power SwitchesWi-Fi Power SwitchesIP Power SwitchesAccessoriesMonitor AccessoriesPower Cables & AdaptersSMS ModemsShop By Brand
Account
Settings
Currency
GBP - British Pound Sterling
EUR - Euro
Home
OPENXTRA Limited TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OPENXTRA Limited TERMS AND CONDITIONS
INTRODUCTION
OPENXTRA Limited (Business Registration No 4641663) is committed to offering its customers a high standard of service. The terms and conditions set out below are designed to clearly define OPENXTRA’s obligation to you. Upon purchase you also agree to abide by the terms and conditions set out below.
Purchase Methods
Purchase may be made by cheque, credit card or electronic transfer.Your credit/debit card will not be debited until your goods are dispatched. Should we not have an item in stock we will advise you of delivery times and offer you the option to withdraw your order.
If you have a credit account with OPENXTRA Limited payment is due 15 days after the date of invoice.
Delivery
Your goods will be dispatched on the day your order is received, provided we have stock, if received by 2 p.m. local time and dispatched the next day for orders received after 2 p.m. local time. Applicable from Monday 9 a.m. to Friday 5 p.m..
United Kingdom - Delivery Times
Delivery TypeMethodDelivery TimeCost
Economy
Best Way [1]
2 - 3 business days
Varies by weight [2]
UPS Saver
UPS
1 business day by 12:00 noon
Varies by weight [2]
UPS Express
UPS
1 business day by 10.30 a.m.
Varies by weight [2]
UPS Express Plus
UPS
1 business day by 9:00 a.m.
Varies by weight [2]
[1] Best Way includes UPS Standard, TNT Express and Post Office Signed for Next Day Service. Which service is used depends upon when the order is received and which offers best value when we are quoted. All carriers used are well known couriers and all offer signed for service and tracking.
[2] Each product has a weight. When you enter the checkout and enter your delivery address, you will be quoted for each appropriate delivery type available.
All Other European Countries Excluding UK
Delivery TypeMethodDelivery TimeCost
Economy
Best Way [1]
3 - 5 business days
Varies by weight [2]
UPS Saver
UPS
1 - 5 business days by end of day
Varies by weight [2]
UPS Express
UPS
1 - 3 business days by 12:00 noon
Varies by weight [2]
UPS Express Plus
UPS
1 - 2 business days by 9:00 a.m.
Varies by weight [2]
[1] Best Way includes UPS Standard and TNT Express. Which service is used depends upon when the order is received and which offers best value when we are quoted. All carriers used are well known couriers and all offer signed for service and tracking.
[2] Each product has a weight. When you enter the checkout and enter your delivery address, you will be quoted for each appropriate delivery type available.
Stock Indicators
The following stock indicators are displayed alongside all our products.
In Stock - This product is in stock.
Available in - This product is out of stock but will be dispached within the specified period.
Special Order - This product is not stocked by us and is ordered from the manufacturer, in some cases, this product maybe made to order.
Downloadable - This product is software and can be downloaded.
Also during checkout you may see
Estimated Dispatch in. - There is currently not enough stock available to fulfill this order. Your order will be processed as soon as enough stock becomes available.
Please note that these indicators cannot be guaranteed to be 100% accurate as they are subject to alteration when we process orders, not when orders are placed.
Returns
Goods may be returned for credit by agreement with OPENXTRA Limited or its agents. A charge of 25% of invoice value will be levied on goods deemed ’not wanted’ or ’incorrectly ordered’*. All goods returned under this category must be received in their original supplied condition and packaging and returned to OPENXTRA Limited within 30 days of the original invoice date. The purchaser will bear all costs of return. OPENXTRA reserve the right to refuse full or part refund if we deem that the goods have been used or damaged in some way.
*excludes software. In the case of software purchase it is assumed that you will have evaluated a trial version prior to purchase.
Payment Information
You may pay online using Visa, Mastercard and AMEX cards as well as using PayPal. Orders placed online are processed by Braintree, a payment provider owned by PayPal. Braintree take and process your credit / debit card details. At no time during an online purchase are the credit card details processed by OPENXTRA. The same applies for PayPal transactions. You may choose to allow the OPENXTRA site to save your credit / debit card details. At no time does OPENXTRA store the details on this site or any site owned or operated by OPENXTRA. Braintree store your card details on their own hardened servers.
Offline orders taken via the telephone do require us to record your card details for later processing. We manually record the credit / debit card details on a paper form and shred immediately when the order has been processed.
Warranty/Guarantee
All products supplied by OPENXTRA are guaranteed for 12 months against faults due to materials, workmanship or design. OPENXTRA Limited will refund or replace any product found to be defective within the warrantee period. In the event of the product no longer being available OPENXTRA will offer a product of similar value and function.
VAT and Import Duty
OPENXTRA charge VAT at the standard UK rate of 20.0%.
If you are a customer registered for VAT in an EU country other than the UK, you may be excluded for VAT charge provided you quote your VAT registration number.
All prices listed on the site exclude VAT unless stated otherwise.
Under UK VAT rules, VAT is applied to the charges of all couriers.
For all countries outside of the EU no VAT is charged.
Our VAT registration number is GB 808 9755 81.
Please be aware that your country may require payment of an import duty upon delivery. This is normally collected by the courier and is not connected to nor profited by OPENXTRA Limited.
Privacy
Internet Purchase:
Purchases made through our on-line shop are processed by Braintree, a secure online payment service owned by PayPal. OPENXTRA do not store credit or debit card details online.
Phone/Email/Fax purchase
OPENXTRA will collect your credit/debit card details upon order and will process your payment via the Braintree online portal. Once your payment has been processed your credit/debit card details are destroyed immediately.
Other Customer Information:
Customer information such as purchases made, invoice and delivery addresses and personal details such as name and job title are collected by OPENXTRA Limited. We do not disclose, sell or otherwise distribute this information to third parties.
From time to time, OPENXTRA may email or post you details of offers, new products or news we think may interest you. At any time you reserve the right to opt out of any such communications by using the unsubscribe link on the relevant email or by contacting us by phone, email or letter.
All information is collected lawfully and we comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. OPENXTRA also comply with US and Canada anti-spam legislation.
The OPENXTRA ecommerce system uses cookies in order implement the shopping basket function. For a list of all of the cookies used by this website, please visit the privacy policy.
If you have any questions about information privacy at OPENXTRA, please contact us.
Security
The whole of the OPENXTRA website is protected by a 256 bit SSL certificate issued by GoDaddy. The certificate is an extended EV certificate providing you with the reassurance that OPENXTRA Ltd own and operate this website.
OPENXTRA’s corporate identity has also been validated by GoDaddy, and we is registered with Safebuy and TrustUK.
We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
Liability
Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, and except where the Goods are sold to a person dealing as a consumer (within the meaning of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977), all warranties, conditions or other terms implied by statute or common law are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our liability (if any) under these Terms in respect of any defect in the Goods or of any duty owed to you under the Terms shall be limited to the sale price of the Goods. Where you are dealing as a consumer, none of the above policies shall affect your statutory rights.
All goods are supplied in good faith and the purchaser shall be responsible for ensuring the fitness of purpose for the purchaser’s applications. OPENXTRA Limited cannot be held liable for error or loss during delivery by the courier, however, we will endeavor to resolve any issues on your behalf.
Force Majeure
OPENXTRA shall not be liable for any failure, delay or omission on its part arising from any cause beyond OPENXTRA’s reasonable control including (but not limited to) acts of God, war, fire, strikes or any other industrial disputes, power failure, failure of telecommunication connections or equipment or failure or defects in any hardware or software owned or supplied by third parties.
General
OPENXTRA reserve the right to decline any order for any reason.
These terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales and any disputes will be decided only by the courts of England and Wales.
Compare Products
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.
My Wish List
Last Added Items
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Remove This Item
Go to Wish List
You have no items in your wish list.
Recent Posts
Coronovirus Update 2
AVTECH November 2020 Special Offer
Announcing the new AVTECH Room Alert 12S / 12SR
Coronavirus Update
Announcing the new AVTECH Room Alert 32S