http://www.pmease.com/legal/terms
Your browser was unable to load all of the resources. They may
have been blocked by your firewall, proxy or browser configuration.
Press Ctrl+F5 or Ctrl+Shift+R to have your browser try again.
Toggle navigation
Legal
License Agreements
Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
These Terms of Use apply to the PMEase web site located at www.pmease.com, and all
associated sites linked to www.pmease.com, its subsidiaries and affiliates,
including PMEase sites around the world (collectively, the "Site"). The Site is
the property of PMEase ("PMEase" or "we") and its licensors.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE,
DO NOT USE THE SITE.
You may not use the Services, or accept the General Terms, if (i) you are not of legal
age to form a binding contract with PMEase, or (ii) you are prohibited by law from
receiving or using the Services.
PMEase makes certain Services and Materials available only if you have paid a fee or
have provided PMEase certain Registration Information (as such term is defined in the
PMEase Online Privacy Policy) and/or created an PMEase log-in ID and password
(collectively, "Account Information"). Some Services may also be subject to a subscription
or other agreement, posted guidelines, rules, or terms of service ("Additional Terms").
If there is any conflict between the General Terms and the Additional Terms,
the Additional Terms take precedence in relation to that Service. The General Terms
and any applicable Additional Terms are referred to herein as the "Terms".
PMEase reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or
remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to
check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site
following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.
As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, PMEase grants you a personal,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Services and Materials provided by third parties are governed by separate agreements
accompanying such Services and Materials.
Use of Site, Services and Materials
You agree to adhere to all limitations on dissemination, use and reproduction of any
Materials that you download or access from the Site.
Unless expressly agreed to by PMEase in writing elsewhere, PMEase has no obligation
to store any Materials that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make
available through your use of the Site or via the Services ("Your Content").
PMEase has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or accuracy of any
Materials, including Your Content, the failure to store, transmit or receive
transmission of Materials, or the security, privacy, storage or transmission of other
communications originating with or involving use of the Services. Certain Services
may enable you to specify the level at which such Services restrict access to Your
Content. You are solely responsible for applying the appropriate level of access to
Your Content. If you do not choose, the system may default to its most permissive
setting. You agree that PMEase retains the right to create reasonable limits on
PMEase's use of the Materials, including Your Content, such as limits on file size,
storage space, processing capacity, and similar limits described in the web pages
accompanying the Services and as otherwise determined by PMEase in its sole discretion.
You agree that your Account Information will always be complete, accurate and up-to-date.
It is your responsibility to keep your Account Information confidential at all times
and you are solely responsible for all activity that occurs to your Account Information
when you are logged in to your account. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of
your account or Account Information, or any other breach of security, you agree to notify
PMEase immediately. You may not use another person's Account Information. PMEase may require
that you change your Account Information or certain parts of your Account Information at
any time for any reason.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately
large load on the infrastructure of the Site or networks, or any systems or networks
connected to the Site.
You agree not to access or attempt to access the Services by any means other than the interface
provided by PMEase.
Purchases
PMEase may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site, or to the applicable
prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the
Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and PMEase makes no commitment
to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.
Privacy
PMEase's Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these
Terms of Use by this reference. To view PMEase's Privacy Policy,
click here. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that
Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message
or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is
a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information)
is encrypted.
Feedback
By submitting ideas, defects, suggestions, documents and/or proposals (Feedback) to
PMEase through its feedback, wiki, forum or similar web pages, you acknowledge and agree
that (i) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of
your or of third parties; (ii) PMEase is not under any obligation of confidentiality,
express or implied, with respect to the Feedback; (iii) PMEase, in its discretion, shall
be entitled to use and disclose such Feedback for any purpose, in any way, in any media
worldwide; (iv) PMEase may have something similar to the Feedback already under
consideration or in development; (v) the Feedback automatically becomes PMEase's property
without any obligation to you; and (vi) you are not entitled to any compensation or
reimbursement of any kind from PMEase for the Feedback under any circumstances.
Links to Other Sites
This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites (Linked Sites).
These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked
Sites are not under PMEase's control, and PMEase is not responsible for and does not endorse
the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such
Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction
with these Linked Sites.
Modifications to Site, Services and Materials
PMEase may at any time and from time to time modify or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Site, Services, or Materials, or any portion thereof, with or without
notice. You agree that PMEase shall not be liable to you or any third party for any
modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, Services, or Materials.
Disclaimers
PMEASE DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE
WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED
ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT
TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. PMEASE CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD
FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. PMEASE
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. PMEASE DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN
CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY PMEASE SERVICES. YOU ASSUME
TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY
AGAINST PMEASE FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE
SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN
THE PARTIES.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure
of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or
transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or
unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort,
negligence or any other cause of action.
Violation of These Terms of Use
PMEase may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity)
if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation
or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal
action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) PMEase's rights or property, or the rights or property
of visitors to or users of the Site, including PMEase's customers. PMEase reserves the
right at all times to disclose any information that PMEase deems necessary to comply with
any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. PMEase also may
disclose your information when PMEase determines that applicable law requires or permits
such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations
for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that PMEase may preserve any transmittal or communication by you
with PMEase through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also
disclose such data if required to do so by law or PMEase determines that such preservation
or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce
these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others,
or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of PMEase, its employees,
users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that PMEase may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate
your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that
you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be
associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these
Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause
irrepearable harm to PMEase, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent
to PMEase obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that PMEase deems necessary or
appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies
PMEase may have at law or in equity.
You agree that PMEase may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your
access to the Site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by
law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated
account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service
offered on or through the Site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
Last updated January 18, 2009
© 2020 PMEase All rights reserved.