http://www.s-cradle.com/english/information/legal.html
BREW
C++ Class Library & GUI Framework & XML Middleware / Mobile Java Compression Tool : Sophia Cradle Incorporated
Japanese
Site Map
Contact Us
FAQ
Products
Free Trial
Buy
Support
Developer
News
Company
Home > Term of Use : Sophia Cradle Incorporated
Terms of Use
WARRANTY AND LIMITATIONS
Use of this web site (www.s-cradle.com) is on user's responsibility.
Sophia Cradle, Inc. shall not be liable for any damage caused by the use of information on this web site and other web sites linked from this site. Sophia Cradle, Inc. shall not be liable for the legitimacy, morality, copyright and accuracy of such information.
DISCLAIMERS
Sophia Cradle, Inc. makes no warranty or condition, explicitly or implicitly, as to the fitness or the suitability of the documents and the content on the server for any particular purpose or use thereof.
APPLICABLE LAWS
The contents of www.s-cradle.com are owned by Sophia Cradle, Inc. and protected by the copyright and other laws and regulations of Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, its treaty countries and other jurisdictions.
Sophia Cradle, Inc. makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, or appropriateness for any particular purpose of any such information. Sophia Cradle, Inc. explicitly disclaims liability for any errors and omissions therein and for any damages whatsoever whether arising out of or in connection with your use of, reliance upon, or acting or forbearing to act upon, any information on this web site even if Sophia Cradle, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. This Terms of Use applies only to the extent permitted by applicable laws and jurisdictions.
COPYRIGHTS
The copyrights of all materials on this site, such as information, logos, graphics and movies, are protected by Sophia Cradle, Inc., unless otherwise mentioned. Terms to use these copyrights are as follows
You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, transfer, or distribute in any way any of the contents of this site. You may download content from this site solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Any copies of the content must include Sophia Cradle Inc.'s copyright notice.
You may not reuse, reproduce or redistribute in any way any of the contents of this site without obtaining prior written permission by Sophia Cradle, Inc. Other uses of the site, whith modified or misleading content, are prohibited.
TRADEMARKS
Binary Runtime Environment for Wireless, BREW, BREW SDK, TRUE BREW, BREWStone, and/or other QUALCOMM Incorporated products referenced herein are either registered trademarks or trademarks of QUALCOMM Incorporated. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. The example companies, organizations, products, domain names, email addresses, logos, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, domain name, e-mail address, logo, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
You do not have to notify Sophia Cradle, Inc. or pay a fee to post a link to www.s-cradle.com. Please refer to the next section ( Conditions for Linking to Our Site ) when creating a link.
Links or links to web sites which contain any of the following are prohibited:
Expressions that slander, defame or harm credibility of Sophia Cradle, Inc. and products and services of Sophia Cradle, Inc.
Expressions that disturb public order or that are against public morals.
Unlawful contents or a content, which is or may be related to any unlawful activities.
Frames or other HTML format that may mislead the identification of Sophia Cradle, Inc.
COOKIES
We do not use "cookies" at our web site.
NOTICE
Sophia Cradle, Inc. reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of www.s-cradle.com at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the top page the date it was last updated. Sophia Cradle, Inc. also reserves the right to update this Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy without notice. When you visit these web sites you are accepting the current version of this Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy as posted on the sites at that time. We recommend that users re-visit these sites on occasion to learn of any changes.
REPUBLICATION TO THIRD-PARTY MEDIA
When republishing the contents of www.s-cradle.com to a magazine, a book, an advertisement, or other recording media such as a CD-ROM, please consult with us from Mail Form to obtain permission.
INQUIRIES
For other inquiries, please contact us through our Form.
FAQ  |
Contact Us  |
Site Map  |
Japanese  |
Page Top
SophiaFramework  |
SophiaCompress(Java)  |
SophiaCompress(BREW)
Products  |
Free Trial  |
Buy  |
Support  |
Developer  |
News  |
Company
Site Requirements  |
Privacy  |
Terms of Use
Copyright(c) 2002 - 2020    Sophia Cradle Incorporated    All rights reserved