https://www.qsoftware.com/cookies-policy/
Use of Cookies
Q Software Cookies and Tracking Technologies Policy
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small data file sent from a website and stored in your web browser i.e. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, etc. when you are browsing a website. They are a way of allowing websites to remember details of your previous activity and for gathering information about your preferences i.e. which pages you visited, which links you clicked.
We use this information to profile website visitors, in order to better understand the way they use our website content and to make our website, the information displayed on it and the communications we send you more relevant to your interests.
Can I Opt Out of Cookies?
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can normally modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. For more information about cookies, including how to set your browser to reject cookies, and how to delete them, please go to www.aboutcookies.org.
What Cookies and Tracking Technologies do we use?
Google Analytics Cookies:
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
Google Analytics is a website monitoring tool that allows users to see volumes of website visitors, their source, and to analyse how the content of their website is viewed and navigated. This in turn allows optimisation of the content and pages and the marketing programs that drive traffic to the website. Google Analytics does not store any personal information about website visitors, but does use persistent cookies to identify repeat visitors. You may universally opt-out of all Google Analytics tracking used by all websites, including our own website, by visiting: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
GatorLeads Cookies:
wow.session, wow.anonymousid, wow.schedule, wow.utmvalues, wow.trackingdata, wow.data
GatorLeads is a tool that identifies the business or organisation that website visitors belong to, based on a reverse IP Lookup. GatorLeads also use cookies to process this identification, and personal information about individual users is stored. Cookies used by GatorLeads store information about your current web browsing session (pages viewed, time on site etc) and the dates and times of previous website visits.  We use this information to profile website visitors, in order to better understand the way they use our website content and to make our website, the information displayed on it and the communications we send you more relevant to your interests.
Email Marketing Post-Click Tracking Cookies:
These cookies are used to report on the pages that have been viewed by visitors to the site who have followed links from our email marketing campaigns. This analysis helps us to understand additional content that is viewed by the contacts in our database and therefore allows us to improve and tailor future campaigns to those contacts’ specific areas of interest.
Beacons/Pixels:
In our emails we use web beacons. When we send emails to Customers, we may track behaviour such as who opened the emails, who clicked the links and which pages of our website they have visited. This allows us to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our website. To do this, we include single pixel, also called web beacons, in emails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details.
Google Maps cookies:
SID, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, HSID, NID, khcookie, SNID PREF
These cookies are not set directly by our website, but are set by Google services that are used to insert useful content into the site. We make use of Google’s mapping service to provide a useful, interactive map of our locations and our partners locations.  These cookies are set when you visit a page with an embedded Google map.  For more details, please visit Google’s privacy policy information pages at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
YouTube cookies:
SID, LOGIN_INFO, use_hotbox, PREF, SSID, HSID, watched_video_id_list, __utma, __utmz, demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Google sets a number of cookies on any page that includes a YouTube video. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of YouTube users, including information that links your visits to our website with your Google account if you are signed in to one. Information about your use of our website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to Google and stored on servers in the United States. This cookie does not identify you personally unless you are logged into Google, in which case it is linked to your Google account.
If you continue to use our website without rejecting cookies, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make our marketing and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.
May 2018
Contact Us
Sign Up for News
Support
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2013-2020 Q Software Global Limited
Business Solutions
License Audit
Audit Reporting
Segregation of Duties
Fraud Detection and Prevention
Security Management
Products and Services
For Oracle ERP Cloud
For Oracle E-Business Suite
For JD Edwards EnterpriseOne
For JD Edwards World
Events
Oracle ERP Cloud
Oracle E-Business Suite
JD Edwards
ERP Resources
Oracle ERP Cloud
Oracle E-Business Suite
JD Edwards EnterpriseOne
JD Edwards World
Business Solution Resources
SoD, Audit, SOX Compliance
Fraud Detection and Prevention
Security Management
Oracle License Audit
About Us
About Q Software
The Leadership Team
News
Job Vacancies
Partners
Worldwide Partners
Partner Portal
Search
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used.
If you continue to use this site, we will assume you are happy with this.
To find out more, including how to disable cookies, see our Cookie policy.
OKCookie Policy