https://www.poikosoft.com/privacy
POIKOSOFT
Home
Products
EZ CD Audio Converter
EZ Meta Tag Editor
Purchase
Support Forum
Contact
Poikosoft privacy policy
At Poikosoft, we recognize and value our customer's privacy. As such, Poikosoft, is committed to ensuring that its customers are informed how their personal information will be used and kept secure. This privacy policy applies to information received by Poikosoft through the website, products and services.
BY VISITING POIKOSOFT WEBSITE, OR BY USING OR PURCHASING THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED BY POIKOSOFT, YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO POIKOSOFT'S USE OF YOUR INFORMATION IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Information that Poikosoft collects
To comply with the GDPR (EU General Data Protection Regulation) Poikosoft does not collect, store, or share any information about your identity or personal preferences.
Encryption
All website transmissions are encrypted using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Protocol with 256 bit encryption.
Cookies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser of your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are and other details. Cookies may be set by a website or originate with third parties, such as advertisers. A cookie itself is not designed or intended to read any information from a user's computer (other than the contents of the cookie). A cookie is simply an identifier used by the website that originally placed it on your hard drive. The actual contents of the cookie information can be retrieved by the same server to identify the computer and subsequently to customize, track, or regulate the use of a site based on information stored on the host server.
We may make use of cookies on our website. We use cookies to allow us to automate the access and the data entry functions of our website.
Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of the website if cookies are disabled.
For more information on how to disable cookies you should consult the documentation or instructions that accompanied your web browser.
Links
We may offer links from our website to other websites which we think may be of interest to you. Third party websites are not governed by this privacy policy and Poikosoft makes no representation as to their practices for dealing with your personal information. We recommend that you check the privacy policy of any website at the beginning of your visit to determine its practices.
Contact us
Any questions in respect of this policy should be sent to us via contact form at www.poikosoft.com/contact.