http://www.codeaero.com/privacy.html
code:aero technologies privacy statement
Your privacy is important to Code:Aero. Therefore, Code:Aero is committed to respecting Your privacy and the confidentiality of Your personal data, traffic data and communications content. This Privacy Statement is designed to assist You in understanding how Code:Aero uses and safeguards the information You provide us when ordering our software.
MyCommerce (Share-it), being Code:Aero's reseller, collects and processes personal data relating to You, as permitted to (1) process Your order when shopping with us, (2) for license administration (3) send update notifications.
In this Privacy Statement the following capitalized definitions are being used, singular as well as plural.
Personal Data: any information that Code:Aero possesses relating to an identified or identifiable user of Code:Aero Software.
Code:Aero: means under this Privacy Statement the company Code:Aero Technologies
Code:Aero Technologies Software: Software for collections that allows You to organize various types of collections by downloading data from various Internet databases
Website: the website located at www.codeaero.com.
You: You, the user of the Code:Aero Software, also used in the form "Your" where applicable.
Contents
- What is Code:Aero and what services does it offer?
- What information does Code:Aero collect?
- How does Code:Aero use this information and for what purpose?
- To whom does Code:Aero transfer Your personal information?
- What are cookies and how does Code:Aero use them?
- How far does Code:Aero's responsibility extend?
- How does Code:Aero protect Your personal information?
- Can this Privacy Statement be modified?
- What rights do You have and how can You contact Code:Aero?
- How long is Your Personal Data kept by Code:Aero?
1. What is Code:Aero and what services does it offer?
Through the Website, Code:Aero Technologies offers you Music Label, Movie Label and Password Memory.
2. What information does Code:Aero collect?
In order to provide the licensing engine for Code:Aero Software and other services, Code:Aero gathers and processes the following information: Order ID and E-mail address.
3. How does Code:Aero use this information and for what purpose?
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide You with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use the information defined in this Privacy Statement to: provide the services and customer support You request; resolve disputes, and troubleshoot problems; enforce our Terms of Service; inform You about service or software updates, and promotional offers unless You opt out; compare information for accuracy, and verify Your identity; provide other services for You as described when we collect the information. Additionally we may use Your information as described below.
Register Information: You do not need to register to use Code:Aero Software, but Register Information may be needed if You want to use particular services of Code:Aero.
E-mail Addresses: Code:Aero respects the privacy of personal e-mail accounts and stores Your e-mail addresses just as securely as other Personal Data. Code:Aero will not send You unwanted e-mail messages or junk mail, and Your details will not be passed to third parties for their marketing. However, Code:Aero will use e-mail to keep You up to date with news about the Code:Aero Software. If You do not want to be kept informed in this way by e-mail, please contact Code:Aero at support@codeaero.com. Further, Code:Aero reserves the right to use e-mail to notify You of any eventual claims related to Your use of Code:Aero Software, including without limitation claims of violation of third party rights.
4. To whom does Code:Aero transfer Your personal information?
Except as provided below, Code:Aero shall not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any Personal Data to any third party without Your explicit permission, unless it is obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities.
Information collected on the Website may be stored and processed in any country in which Code:Aero maintains facilities. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data in accordance with this article 4, Code:Aero reserves the right to transfer information outside of Your country. By using Code:Aero Software You consent to any such transfer of information outside of Your country. As Code:Aero continues to develop its business, Code:Aero might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions as well as in the event Code:Aero or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information of Code:Aero users will generally be one of the transferred business assets. We reserve the right to include Your personal information, collected as an asset, in any such transfer to a third party.
5. What are cookies and how does Code:Aero use them?
CodeAero.com does not use any cookies. Our resller MyCommerce may use cookies on their sites during the shopping flow to process your order.
6. How far does Code:Aero's responsibility extend?
The Website may contain links that will let You leave the Website and access another website. Linked websites are not under the control of Code:Aero and it is possible that these websites have a different privacy policy. The Privacy Statement applies solely to personal information that is acquired on the Website, so Code:Aero urges You to be careful when You enter any personal information online. Code:Aero accepts no responsibility or liability for these other websites.
7. How does Code:Aero protect Your personal information?
Code:Aero shall take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the Personal Data provided to it or collected by it, and shall not retain it any longer than permitted in order to perform its services or as required under relevant legislation. Your Personal Data can only be accessed by authorized employees of Code:Aero who need to have access to these data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties.
8. Can this Privacy Statement be modified?
Code:Aero reserves the right to modify the provisions of this Privacy Statement if deemed necessary. We will inform You of these changes by publishing the revised Privacy Statement at www.codeaero.com/privacy.html. The revised Privacy Statement shall become effective within thirty (30) days of such publishing, unless You expressly accept the revised statement earlier by clicking on the accept button. You agree that the express acceptance by You, or Your continued use of the Code:Aero Software after the notice period of thirty (30) days, shall constitute Your acceptance of the Privacy Statement.
9. What rights do You have and how can You contact Code:Aero?
If You would like to exercise your right to view, correct, complete or remove Your Personal Data, please contact Code:Aero at support@codeaero.com. Within a reasonable period of time and upon verification of Your identity, Code:Aero will fulfill Your request, provided Code:Aero will not act contrary to applicable legislation by fulfilling Your request.
10. How long is Your Personal Data kept by Code:Aero?
Code:Aero will retain Your information for as long as is necessary to: (1) maintain the licensing engine; (2) carry out Code:Aero marketing activities; (3) comply with applicable legislation, regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts; (4) enforce our Terms of Service; or (5) fulfill any of the other purposes detailed in this Privacy Statement.
Last revised: May 15, 2019.
terms of use
Welcome to Code:Aero Technologies Homepage ("the Site"). Please read the following Terms of Use carefully before using this Site or ordering/downloading any of our products, so that you are aware of your legal rights and obligations with respect to Code:Aero Technologies and its affiliates and subsidiaries (individually and collectively, "Code:Aero").
By using the Site, purchasing software or other products, you signify your irrevocable acceptance of these Terms of Use. You also agree to ensure that anyone who uses this software on your computer also abides by the Terms of Use. Code:Aero has the right to revise the Terms of Use at any time without providing notice to its users. Your continued use of the Site shall be deemed irrevocable acceptance of those revisions.
We reserve the right to change, modify, suspend or discontinue any portion of the Site at any time. We may also impose limits on certain features or restrict your access to parts or the entire Site without notice or liability.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us at Code:Aero. To better protect your rights we have provided the Code:Aero Privacy Policy to explain our privacy practices in detail.
Use of our Software
Music Label, Movie Label or Password Memory sometimes referred to as (the "Software") and accompanying documentation that are made available by download from this Site or on DVD format are the copyrighted work of Code:Aero. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement that accompanies or is included with such Software and is also referenced on this website. You will not be able to download or install any software that is accompanied by or includes an end user license agreement unless you agree to the terms of such end user license agreement. If you do not agree to such terms, you will not be able to use the Software. You may not decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software available on the Site.
Warranties and Disclaimers
Except as expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between you and Code:Aero, the materials in or purchased through this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Code:Aero disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or the warranty of non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, Code:Aero does not warrant that the functions contained in the service will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this service or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Code:Aero does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this service in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Code:Aero) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. Without limitation of the foregoing, you acknowledge that as a service to users of the Code:Aero service, we include links to other web sites on the world wide web portion of the internet and that Code:Aero has no control over, and makes no representations of any kind whatsoever, regarding the content or appropriateness of content on such web sites and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such web sites.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Code:Aero be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials, the site, or any other web site, even if Code:Aero or a Code:Aero authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. No advice or information, whether written or oral, obtained by you from Code:Aero or from or through the site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use. In no event shall Code:Aero's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for purchasing any materials or products.
Terms of Use
The license for use of the Site and the Materials is effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any time by destroying the Materials together with all copies thereof. This license will terminate upon conditions set forth elsewhere within this Terms of Use or if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this Terms of Use. In such event, no notice shall be required by Code:Aero to effect such termination. Upon termination of this Terms of Use, you agree to destroy the Materials together with all backup copies, modifications, printed or written materials, and merged portions in any form, or return same to Code:Aero at your expense.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Code:Aero, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, your use of the Site, your connection to the Site, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
Trademarks
Music Label, Movie Label, Password Memory, the Code:Aero logo and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks of Code:Aero Technologies or other related companies.
Code:Aero's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Code:Aero's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Code:Aero. All other trademarks not owned by Code:Aero or any of its related companies that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Code:Aero.
Copyright
All content and compilation of content included on Code:Aero's website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and software, is the property of Code:Aero Technologies and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Terms of Use or any issues raised in this Terms of Use or on the Site, please contact us at: info@codeaero.com
Last revised: May 25, 2018.