http://www.upenn.edu/almanac/v47/n04/OR-eprivacy.html
OF RECORD
The following electronic privacy policy passed University Council
on April 26, 2000, and was
subsequently published in Almanac with a For Comment period
extended until September 15, 2000. Since no additional suggestions have
been received during the comment period, the policy is now in effect. This
policy was developed by the Committee on Communications, and was discussed
during four separate Council sessions last Spring. Per Council's advice,
this policy will be in effect for a one-year trial period. In September
of 2001, we will re-evaluate its effectiveness and implementation.
--Robert L. Barchi, Provost
Policy on Privacy in the Electronic Environment
(September 15, 2000)
I. Preliminary Observations
The University affirms that the mutual trust and freedom of thought and
expression essential to the academic mission of a university rest on an
expectation of privacy, and that the privacy of those who work, study, teach,
and conduct research in a university setting will be respected. The University
recognizes that as faculty, staff and students create, use and store more
information in electronic form, there is growing concern that information
the user or creator considers private may be more vulnerable to invasion
than information stored in more traditional media. This policy is intended
to highlight some general principles that should help to define the expectations
of privacy of those in the University community. While no document addressing
the fluid issue of technology can be exhaustive or inflexibly dictate outcomes
in all circumstances, this policy attempts to articulate current practices
and provide guidance, so that individuals may make informed and appropriate
decisions concerning their various interactions in the electronic environment.
Before addressing these issues, it should also be noted that in carrying
out their operations, various departments of the University accumulate information
about members of its community, e.g., for purposes of payroll, employment
or enrollment. Data are also created, though not necessarily compiled or
retained on a personally identifiable basis, as an incident to the use of
technology, e.g., the charging of purchases on Penn Card or the borrowing
of library books. The University does not condone disclosure or release
of such personal information stored or transmitted through University systems,
except for legitimate University purposes as outlined in this policy.
Those responsible for maintaining the University's computers and electronic
networks have an important and special responsibility to recognize when
they may be dealing with sensitive or private information. They may access
such information without the user's consent and without obtaining higher
level approval, but only when necessary to fulfill their official responsibilities,
and they are expected to carry out their duties in ways that are not unreasonably
intrusive. They will be subject to disciplinary action if they misuse their
access to personally identifiable data or to individuals' personal files,
e-mail and voice mail or otherwise knowingly act in ways counter to University
policies and applicable laws.
Finally, this policy should be understood in light of the many other
University policies and laws that bear on individuals' rights to privacy
and the institution's responsibilities with respect to information in its
possession about individuals. Examples of applicable laws include the Family
Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (the "Buckley Amendment"),
the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, and medical records regulations
promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996. Examples of applicable University policies include the Acceptable Use Policy
for the Electronic Environment, Administrative Computing Security Policy,
Policy for Closed Circuit Television Monitoring and Recording of Public
Areas for Safety and Security Purposes and policies on Records Confidentiality
and Safeguarding
University Assets.
II. Policy on Information Created, Stored or Transmitted Through University
Electronic Media
A. In General:
The University provides computers, computer and e-mail accounts, networks
and telephone systems to faculty members, staff and students for the purpose
of furthering the University's academic mission and conducting University
business. While incidental and occasional personal use of such systems,
including e-mail and voice mail, is permissible, personal communications
and files transmitted over or stored on University systems are not treated
differently from business communications; there can be no guarantee that
such personal communications will remain private or confidential (see Appendix).
As is the case for information in non-electronic form stored in University
facilities, the University's need for information will be met in most situations
by simply asking the author or custodian for it. The University reserves
the right, consistent with this policy, to access, review and release electronic
information that is transmitted over or stored in University systems or
facilities. When questions arise about such access, review or release of
information, the University commits to treat electronic information no differently
from non-electronic information. As with paper information, it is often
the case by custom or rule that electronic files are shared and properly
accessible by multiple parties in office settings. Where that is the case,
the special provisions for access and notification outlined here need not
be followed. In other cases, properly authorized University officials including
the Vice President for Audit and Compliance and the Information Security
Officer may access e-mail, voice mail or computer accounts without the consent
of the assigned user when there is a reasonable basis to believe that such
action
Is necessary to comply with legal requirements or process, or
May yield information necessary for the investigation of a suspected
violation of law or regulations, or of a suspected serious infraction of
University policy (for example alleged research misconduct, plagiarism
or harassment), or
Is needed to maintain the integrity of University computing systems,
or
May yield information needed to deal with an emergency, or
In the case of Staff, will yield information that is needed for the
ordinary business of the University to proceed.
Except as may otherwise be dictated by legal requirements, individuals
will be notified of access to, or disclosure of, the contents of their e-mail,
voice mail or their computer accounts as soon as practicable. In cases where
such notification might jeopardize an ongoing investigation of suspected
wrongdoing it may be delayed until the conclusion of the investigation.
The Office of General Counsel is responsible for maintaining an official
record of e-mail searches performed by authorized parties.
B. Faculty:
The University has the utmost respect for the freedom of thought and
expression that are at the core of Penn's academic mission. Whenever possible,
therefore, the University will resolve any doubts about the need to access
a University computer or other systems in favor of a faculty member's privacy
interest. Computer files, e-mail and voice mail created, stored, transmitted
or received by faculty will be afforded the same level of privacy as the
contents of their offices. The Policy on Safeguarding University Assets
governs access to faculty records in connection with investigations carried
out by the University's Office of Audit and Compliance, and provides for
prior consultation with the Provost and Faculty Senate and for notifying
the subject of a search of any files or materials taken during an investigation.
Except as may otherwise be dictated by legal requirements, the procedures
outlined in that policy will be followed with respect to a faculty member's
computer files, e-mail or voice mail in connection with other investigations
or proceedings.
C. Staff:
It is generally not University policy to access staff members' electronically
stored information. As noted above, the University's need for information
will normally be met by asking an employee for it. Properly authorized University
officials, including supervisors acting with the consent of their management,
may, however, access, review and release the contents of staff computer
files, e-mail or voice mail transmitted over or stored on University systems
when, for example, an employee is absent or has left the University and
the information is not available elsewhere, or in other situations in which
it is necessary if the ordinary business of the University is to proceed.
In more complicated situations-where, for example, a supervisor believes
University resources are being misused-he or she should consult with senior
administrators, the Division of Human Resources, or the Office of General
Counsel.
D. Students:
Students are provided e-mail and computer accounts for use primarily
in connection with their academic activities. While the University does
not generally monitor or access the contents of a student's e-mail or computer
accounts, it reserves the right to do so. However, access to and disclosure
of a student's e-mail messages and the contents of his or her computer accounts
may only be authorized by any one of the Dean of the student's School or
his/her designate, the Vice Provost for University Life, or the Office of
Audit and Compliance, in consultation with the Office of General Counsel.
E. Multiple Affiliation:
Some individuals have multiple University affiliations (e.g. students
employed by the University). When the need for access to information arises
from a particular status, the provisions above for that status will be applied.
In other cases, the provisions for the individual's primary status will
be applied.
III. Violations of this Policy
Members of the University community who believe that this policy has
been violated with respect to their privacy should attempt initially to
resolve the issue within their unit or department, if necessary with the
mediation of the leadership of their representative assembly or the University
Ombudsman. Others who become aware of violations of this policy should report
them to the University Information Security Officer, Office of General Counsel,
Division of Human Resources or the Office of Audit and Compliance. All University
offices that substantiate such violations should report them to the University
Information Security Officer, who will monitor them for repeat instances
and patterns. Those who violate this policy may be subject to disciplinary
procedures up to and including dismissal.
Appendix: Special Note on E-mail Privacy
Despite the best intentions of users and the University or other system
operators, it is difficult, if not impossible, to assure the privacy of
e-mail. E-mail is not a good medium to use for sensitive matters that you
would not want disclosed. There are numerous ways that plain text e-mail
may be disclosed to persons other than the addressee, including:
Recipient's address is mistyped; message is sent to someone else.
Recipient forwards e-mail to someone else.
Intruders break into e-mail system and read/disclose messages.
Despite owner's belief that s/he deleted it, e-mail continues to exist
on computer hard drive or a copy is archived on tape backup; disclosure
of such copies may be required in connection with judicial or administrative
proceedings or government investigations.
E-mail is observed as it travels over public networks like PennNet
and the Internet.
In addition, e-mail users may want to consider routinely or periodically
deleting old messages, and encrypting personal messages. Systems administrators
should consider shorter retention of backup tapes, consistent with data
integrity requirements.
See also:
Proposed
Policy on Privacy in the Electronic Environment (Almanac,
Vol. 46, No. 16, January 11, 2000 )
Revised
Proposed Policy on Privacy in the Electronic Environment (Almanac
Between Issues, February 4, 2000)
Proposed
Policy on Privacy in the Electronic Environment (Revised 3/17) (Almanac Between Issues, March 17, 2000)
FOR COMMENT:
Proposed Policy on Privacy in the Electronic Environment (Almanac,
Vol. 46, No. 28, April 11, 2000)
FOR
COMMENT: Proposed Policy on Privacy in the Electronic Environment (Almanac Between Issues, May 18, 2000)
Almanac, Vol. 47, No. 4, September 19, 2000
| FRONT
PAGE | CONTENTS
| JOB-OPS
| CRIMESTATS
| COUNCIL
BYLAWS, 2000 | POLICIES OF RECORD: PennNet
Host Security, Opereration
of DHCP & BOOTP Servers, Affirmative
Action, Sexual
Harassment and Privacy
in the Electronic Environment | TAT:
"Facing Reality" (L. Hunter) | TALK
ABOUT TEACHING ARCHIVE | BETWEEN
ISSUES | SEPTEMBER at PENN
|