http://www.paycheckcity.com/legal/privacy
PaycheckCity Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy of Symmetry Software CorporationLast updated September 9, 2019GeneralThis statement sets forth Symmetry Software Corporation's ("Symmetry") Privacy Policy for this website (the "Site") and describes the practices that Symmetry will follow with respect to the privacy of users of this Site, including but not limited to in connection with the use of the Site's various calculators and scenario predictors (collectively, the "Services"). The terms of this Privacy Policy are in addition to the Site's Terms of Use, which are incorporated here by reference as if fully recited herein.Symmetry reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy any time by reasonable notice, including without limitation by posting revised terms on the Site (which shall constitute reasonable notice), and such amended terms will go into effect and shall be binding upon you as soon as they are posted to the Site. You should consult the most recent version of the Privacy Policy each time that you view the Site or use the Services. Your use of the Site constitutes your consent to this Privacy Policy.This Site is not intended for children, so any persons under the age of 18 should not use this Site. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from our Site about children under the age 13.What personal information do we collect?Symmetry collects only personal information about you that you choose to provide to us through the Site, which may include but may not be limited to:Payroll tax calculators: address;Newsletter subscription / Contact Us: name, e-mail address, phone number;Paid Subscribers and Subscription Services (where applicable, as defined in the Site's Terms of Use): username and password, names, addresses, email addresses and other profile and/or company information.Symmetry also collects nonpersonal information that helps us to understand site visitor demographics such as company, size of company, industry, job function, etc. Our employees are trained and required to safeguard your information and, using physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, we reasonably restrict access to personal information to those employees and agents for business purposes only. Additionally, we periodically review and update the adequacy of our security procedures.How is information collected, used, and disclosed?A. Account Registration (for Subscription Services, where applicable): We may use, at our discretion, your name, address, phone number, and email address to register your account for certain Services we provide and to communicate important information to you. We may obtain additional personal information about you, such as address change information, from commercially available sources, to keep our records current. If you set up an administrator account that may be accessed by people other than you, please note that they may see and have the ability to change or delete your personal information.B. To Provide Our Services and Operate Our Business: We may use, at our discretion your information to operate our business, including providing Services you requested, provide you with support related to our Services, and to help us protect our Services, including to deter fraud and protect your information. We do not give your personal information to anyone outside of Symmetry for their promotional or marketing use. If you register to receive newsletters, you may also get periodic emails from Symmetry or our trusted partners. These emails may contain information from companies that offer legitimate products and services typically in the finance, taxation, accounting, or payroll related areas. You may always unsubscribe from such newsletters or periodic emails.Whether you provide any information is entirely up to you. If you have voluntarily provided information, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information to the extent the law allows and as described in this Privacy Policy. Also, Symmetry may provide aggregate statistics about visitors to our sites, such as volume, traffic patterns, visitor demographics and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personal information. Symmetry may also disclose information in special cases when we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to:conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;protect and defend our rights or property;enforce the Site's Terms of Use;or act to protect the interests of our users or others.C. Third Party Service Providers: We may share, at our discretion, your information, including personal information and usage data, with third party service providers who perform various functions to enable us to provide our Services and help us operate our business, such as website design, sending email communications, fraud detection and prevention, customer care, or performing analytics. These third party service providers include, but may not be limited to Auth0, Stripe, Crazy Egg, and Intercom. Our contracts with these third parties generally require them to maintain the confidentiality of the personal information we provide to them, to act on our behalf and under our instructions, and not to use personal information for purposes other than the product or service they're providing to us or on our behalf. To the extent your information is shared with these third party service providers, you further agree to their respective privacy policies in addition to the privacy policy of Symmetry. The links for their privacy policies may be found here:https://auth0.com/privacy (Auth0)https://stripe.com/us/privacy (Stripe)https://www.crazyegg.com/terms (Crazy Egg)https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy (Intercom)https://logrocket.com/terms-and-conditions/ (LogRocket)The third party services and their privacy policies and/or their website location may be updated from time to time, and it is the obligation of you, the user of the Services, to inform yourself of any such changes.D. Response to Subpoenas and Other Legal Requests: We may share, at our discretion, your information with courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government bodies when we have a good faith belief we're required or permitted to do so by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to protect our company, or to respond to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other law enforcement request.E. Protection of Symmetry and Others: We may share, at our discretion, account information, personal information and usage data when we believe it is appropriate to enforce or apply our products' Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Symmetry, our Services, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personal information of our customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Statement.F. Information Sharing Among Symmetry Entities: We share your information, including your personal information, with and among our affiliates and subsidiaries, except where prohibited by law. Affiliates and subsidiaries means companies related by common ownership or control. The reasons why we share your information include for our everyday business purposes, such as to: process your transactions, maintain your accounts, operate our business, facilitate the calculators, etc. We will also share your information in order for us to be able to offer our products and services to you. We may also share information about your creditworthiness, your transactions and experience so that we can operate our business effectively, detect and prevent fraud, and improve our Services.G. Sale of Our Business: If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, we may be required to share your information. If so, you will be asked if you'd like to stop receiving promotional information following any change of control.H. Cookies and other Tracking Technologies: Cookies may be used by third-party advertisers who serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use nonpersonal information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.Some PaycheckCity or Symmetry sites, like many other commercial web sites, may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" to collect information about how our site is used. Cookies were designed to help a web site operator determine that a particular user had visited the site previously and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. Cookies are small strings of text that web sites can send to your browser. Cookies cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or obtain your e-mail address. If you are simply browsing a PaycheckCity or Symmetry informational site, a cookie may be used to identify your browser as one that has visited the site before.We may also make use of memory-based cookies in support of authenticating the user of certain PaycheckCity or Symmetry web applications. Similarly, we may use cookies so that we can provide information based on preferences you have indicated while using the site. Although you have the ability to modify your browser to either accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is sent, or reject all cookies, it may not be possible to utilize PaycheckCity or Symmetry services which require registration if you reject cookies. Please note that even if you opt-out of such cookies or otherwise opt-out of interest based advertising, you will still receive advertisements, they just won't be tailored to your interests. Also, if you opt-out and later delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.How do we protect your information?We use reasonable industry standard techniques, which may include firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection and site monitoring to reasonably protect your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we aim to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. This is especially true for information you transmit to us via e-mail. We have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our servers. Internally, we will restrict access to your information to employees who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. These employees are limited in number, and are committed to our privacy policies. We will review our security arrangements from time to time as we deem appropriate. We also engage in the following practices to help secure the privacy of your information:Work to update our security practices to implement accepted best methods to protect your personal information, and review our security procedures carefully.Comply with applicable laws and security standards.Securely transmit your sensitive personal information.Train our staff and require them to safeguard your data.Transmit, store, protect, and access all cardholder information in compliance with the industry's data security standards.How can you help protect your information?If you are using Subscription Services, we recommend that you do not divulge your account registration information to anyone. For example, if you received a password and username, we recommend that you do not share that information with anyone. This also applies to any accounts with Auth0, Stripe, or Intercom. Also remember to sign out of the registered Site and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This may ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if others have access to your computer.Is your information protected when you leave our Site?The Site may contain links to other sites, including those of our business partners and third parties. While we aim to link only to sites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites. You should review the privacy policy of any sites that you visit in order to determine what information about you is collected and how that information is used.Questions?If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please contact us at support@paycheckcity.com.