http://www.iomart.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
When you visit this web site, you can browse it and access important information without revealing your identity.
In order to improve our website and to improve your user experience, we may use “cookies” to track your visit. We do this using Google Analytics and Lead Forensics which uses anonymous cookies.
We also use cookies to detect whether you want to use Live Chat.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
What information is kept by a cookie?
A cookie will typically hold
the name or IP Address of the website that it has come from
how long the cookie will stay on your computer or other web connected device
a value – usually a randomly generated unique number
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(1) in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;
(2) in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
However if you block cookies, you will not be able to use many of the features of this website.
Remarketing cookies
We also use cookies for the purpose of Adwords Remarketing which is a remarketing and behavioural targeting service provided by Google.
You can opt out of the cookie tracking here: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
Opt-out of using Cookies on this website
For more information on how to change your cookies settings please see the links below…
Contact Us
If you would like further information about this cookie policy please contact us:
iomart Group plc
Lister Pavilion
Kelvin Campus
West of Scotland Science Park
Glasgow
G20 0SP
United Kingdom
Tel: 44 (0) 141 931 6400
Email: marketing@iomart.com
We've updated our privacy policy in line with data protection requirements. Please go here to see the full policy
Ok