http://www.commzgate.com/page/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Cloud SMS
Overview
Cloud SMS Portal
Cloud SMS API
PushBox Mobile App
Direct-to-Telco™ Guaranteed Delivery
GO Plan for marketing
Price Plans
On-Premise SMS
CG-ONE appliance
Why CG-ONE
Software Tour
Features List
FAQ
Enterprise SIM Cards
Custom Systems
Push Messaging
MACH Push Platform
MACH Pricing
MACH Login
Log In
Sign up
Data Protection and Privacy Policy
Pacific Synergy Pte Ltd (including its related corporations and business units) (collectively referred to herein as “Pacific Synergy", "us", "we" or "our") respects your privacy and recognises that your personal data is important to you. Pacific Synergy collects, uses and discloses your personal data for the purposes of providing products and services to you, to enhance your customer experience with us, to improve our products and services.
Our Data Protection and Privacy Policy is as follows:
Personal Data
In this Data Protection Policy, “Personal Data” refers to any data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access, including data in our records as may be updated from time to time.
Examples of such Personal Data you may provide to us include (depending on the nature of your interaction with us) your name, telephone number(s), mailing address, email address, network data and any other information relating to any individuals which you have provided us in any forms you may have submitted to us, or via other forms of interaction with you.
Collection of Personal Data
Generally, we collect Personal Data in the following ways:
when you submit an application form or other forms relating to any of our Products and Services;
when you interact with our customer service officers, for example, via telephone calls, letters, face-to-face meetings and emails;
when you use some of our services, for example, websites and apps including establishing any online accounts with us;
when you request that we contact you, be included in an email or other mailing list;
when you respond to our promotions, initiatives or to any request for additional Personal Data;
when you are contacted by, and respond to, our marketing representatives and customer service officers;
when we receive references from business partners and third parties, for example, where you have been referred by them;
when we seek information from third parties about you in connection with the Products and Services you have applied for; and
when you submit your Personal Data to us for any other reasons.
When you browse our website and/or Pacific Synergy App(s), read pages, or download information, the web server will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. This information includes Internet Provider (IP) addresses, which are captured in web server log files by default. We may use your IP address internally to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web Site and/or Pacific Synergy App(s) and to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information, or cause damage.
If you provide us with any Personal Data relating to a third party (e.g. information of your spouse, children, parents, and/or employees), by submitting such information to us, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of the third party to provide us with their Personal Data for the respective purposes.
You should ensure that all Personal Data submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our inability to provide you with the Products and Services you have requested.
Purposes for the Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Your Personal Data is collected strictly for administrative purposes. Except where specifically provided in these Terms and Conditions the information you provide will not be released to any third party without your permission except where Pacific Synergy considers the release appropriate to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Pacific Synergy its members or others. In cases where we obtain your permission to disclose your Personal Data to any third party, all such parties will be under obligation to maintain the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data, and to process the data in accordance with our instruction.
Notifications and Emails From Pacific Synergy
Pacific Synergy has found that informative notifications (e.g., SMS and Push Notifications) and emails are a quick and effective way to communicate with our registered users and subscribers about new resources and upcoming events. We maintain an opt-out, user-customisable subscription database of users who have requested to receive these notifications and emails. Every notification and email you receive provides an option for you to unsubscribe to such information.
Access And Updating
Pacific Synergy will provide access to, update and/or amend the Personal Data in accordance with applicable law. You may request access to, and have the opportunity to update, amend or withdraw your Personal Data by contacting Pacific Synergy. For security reasons, Pacific Synergy reserves the right to take steps to authenticate the identity of the requesting party before providing access to Personal Data in accordance with this section of the Data Protection Policy.
Retention, Security And Privacy
Pacific Synergy will store personal information only for the time necessary for fulfillment of the purposes for which such Personal Data is collected, or upon your formal request to us to cease storing of your personal data, or as permitted by applicable law. If you would like to request the withdrawal of your Personal Information, please contact Pacific Synergy.
While Pacific Synergy will make all reasonable efforts to store personal information collected by Pacific Synergy in a secure server and/or secure files and to keep this information accurate and up-to-date, the Internet is not a secure medium for the transmission of information. Therefore, Pacific Synergy cannot accept responsibility for, warrant or guarantee, the security of information you send to or receive from Pacific Synergy over the Internet. You also agree that Pacific Synergy also will not assume responsibility or liability for any claim, damage or loss connected to the loss of, or unauthorised use of, any personal information, whether by unauthorised access to the server or files or otherwise. Unauthorised access to the Pacific Synergy server or files, whether to upload or modify information or to use the Contents, is strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including, without limitation, the Computer Misuse Act (Cap 50A).
Pacific Synergy will maintain reasonable technical and organisational security measures to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. Pacific Synergy uses cookies on its websites for enabling certain features and functions on our websites such as account
preferences and capturing usage statistics.
Most internet browsers provide you the option of turning off the processing of cookies, but this may result in the loss of functionality, restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.
Advertisements on Pacific Synergy websites may be provided by third party advertisers and their agencies. These may generate cookies to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. Pacific Synergy does not control these third parties and their cookie policies.
Pacific Synergy is not responsible for the Personal Data policies (including Personal Data protection and cookies), content or security of any third party websites linked to the Pacific Synergy website.
Variation
Pacific Synergy may amend this Data Protection Policy from time to time. We encourage you to visit the Web Site and/or Pacific Synergy App(s) regularly to stay updated with these changes.
Governing Law
This Data Protection Policy and your use of this Web Site and/or Pacific Synergy App(s) shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Singapore.
Contact Us
If you have questions, comments or concerns about data privacy, Pacific Synergy's Data Protection Policy or the security of personal data that we process, you may send an e-mail or postal mail to the following:
Email: supportdesk@commzgate.com
Address: 1 Commonwealth Lane, #03-07, Singapore 14954
CommzGate
About Us
Jobs
Our Offices
Contact Us
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Cloud SMS
Overview
Cloud SMS Portal
Cloud SMS API
PushBox Mobile App
Direct-to-Telco™ Guaranteed Delivery
GO Plan for marketing
Price Plans
CommzGate @ Work
On-Premise SMS
CG-ONE appliance
Why CG-ONE
Software Tour
Features List
FAQ
Custom Systems
Push Messaging
MACH Push Platform
MACH Pricing
MACH Portal Login
Resources
Downloads
Guides & Resources
- Cloud SMS
- On-Premise SMS
- MACH Push Messaging
Submit Support Ticket
Check Request
Follow Us