http://www.emperorlinux.com/etc/policy/privacy/
/ etc / policies / privacy policy
News
FAQ
About
Contact
Home
Why?
Quality
Hardware Support
Systems by Type
Systems by Mfgr
Compare Systems
Accessories
Order / Sales
Depot Install
Jobs
/etc
Contributions
Logos
Mailing Lists
Policies
Site
Privacy Policy
EmperorLinux, Inc. Privacy Statement
[Go Up]
[Print]
EmperorLinux, Inc. Privacy Statement
EmperorLinux understands that you care how information about you is used and
shared.
This document describes our privacy policy.
Information EmperorLinux Collects
The information we receive from customers allows us to process their quotes
and orders and to improve their experience with EmperorLinux.
The types of
information we gather include:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store information you enter on our web site; information you
send us by email, phone, or fax; and information you give us in any other
way.
Common examples of this type of information are your name and contact
information.
We use this information for the purposes of responding to your
requests, processing your orders, communicating with you, and improving your
experience with EmperorLinux.
You can choose not to provide some of this
information.
Information from Other Sources:
It is sometimes necessary for us to receive information from you about other
sources to add to your customer information.
Most commonly this information is
from your employer for either corporate and university purchases.
Cookies:
At the present time, EmperorLinux does not use cookies on our web site.
In the
future, we may use cookies to enable specific site features, such as online
ordering.
This privacy policy will be updated at that time, as necessary.
Sharing Information
We share customer information only as described below, in ways directly
involved with providing our services to our customers.
We will not sell our
customer information to third parties.
Affiliated Businesses:
As value added resellers (VARs) for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs),
such as
Dell,
IBM,
Lenovo,
Panasonic,
Sony, and
Sharp,
it is sometimes necessary for us to share some information about our customers
with those manufacturers.
This is generally less information than you would
share in contacting those manufacturers' warranty departments.
The privacy policies of these companies are at least as strict as those of
EmperorLinux.
Agents:
We employ other companies in the process of delivering our services to our
customers.
Examples include delivering packages and processing credit card
payments.
They have access to the personal information necessary to perform
their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Protection of EmperorLinux and Others:
We must sometimes release personal information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other policies; or
protect the rights, property, or safety of EmperorLinux, our customers, or
others.
This includes exchanging information with third parties for fraud
protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent:
In instances other than those described above, you will be given notice that it
is necessary to share your information with a third party, and you will be
given the opportunity to choose not to share information.
Information Security
Your customer information is stored on a secure server.
We reveal only the
last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order.
We
must, of course, transmit the complete credit card number to our credit card
processing company when your order is transacted.
These transactions are
processed using equipment and procedures approved by the issuing credit card
companies.
Your Access to Your Information
Customer Information:
Automatic access to customer information is limited.
Please
contact EmperorLinux by phone or email to review or
update your customer information.
Mailing Lists:
When you receive confirmation of a shipped order, you will be invited to join
our support mailing lists.
Additionally, anyone may subscribe to the general
EmperorLinux mailing lists for announcements
and other information.
You will not be subscribed to these lists by
EmperorLinux.
If you have subscribed to one of our mailing lists, you can use
the tools available on our list
server to update your preferences for those lists or to remove yourself
from them.
You may opt out of these lists at any time.
Children's Privacy
Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information
about visitors to our site that are under 18 years of age.
If we discover that
we have inadvertantly collected information about a minor, we will delete it
from our records.
If you are under 18 years of age, you may interact with
EmperorLinux only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use
If you choose to visit EmperorLinux.com, your visit and any dispute over
privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and to our
Terms and Conditions of Use, including
limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of
the state of Georgia.
If you have any concerns about privacy at EmperorLinux,
please contact us with a thorough description, and we
will try to resolve them.
Our Privacy Statement and Terms and Conditions
of Use may be subject to change as our business changes.
Unless otherwise
stated, our Privacy Statement applies to all information we have about you.
We
will not, however, change our policies to make them less protective of our
customer information without first giving notice of the changes via this site
and our
"Announce"
mailing list and allowing a period for customer comments on the proposed
changes.
(Effective 1/1/2005)
Comments to our WebElf.
©1999-2020 EmperorLinux
Privacy and other policies.
Tux by Larry Ewing.
Linux © Linus Torvalds.