https://www.fzautomotive.com/privacy-policy-2/
PRIVACY POLICYYou are here: Home / PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: May 10, 2017
fusionZONE LLC respects the privacy of individuals who visit our websites, send us an e-mail, or participate in features and services we offer online. We take the privacy of you, the website user, seriously and utilize security measures to safeguard your privacy online. Because fusionZONE LLC gathers information from visitors to our sites, we have developed this privacy policy to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This statement discloses the types of information we gather, how it is used, and for what purposes.
Our online privacy policies and procedures regarding online privacy have been developed using the following guiding principles:
No-Spam: We avoid sending unwanted communications by limiting our contact to individuals who have voluntarily provided their contact information, agreed to receive our communications, inquired about our products and services, and/or who have done business with us in the past. We allow email and telephone communication recipients to easily opt-out of future communications.
Collection for Users: We collect information online primarily to provide our visitors with a more relevant experience on our sites.
Security: We take reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial measures to safeguard information you provide to us.
Sharing: We carefully share information with our business partners for the purpose of providing you with relevant products and services. We avoid selling or otherwise transferring your personal information to third-parties who are not involved in providing you with our products, services and related services.
WEBSITE USER AGREEMENT
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we use it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our websites. By accessing or using our websites, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of any of our websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our websites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of their features, register on our websites, make any purchases through our websites, use any of the interactive features of our websites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screenname or username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the information provided in the “Contact Us” section provided at the end of this policy.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Contact information that you provide to us (such as your email address, mailing address, or telephone number) is security stored on our webservers and we use encryption technologies for payment and financial information.
But the safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Using an unsecured internet connection (such as public unsecured WiFi) may also result in your information being jeopardized by third parties.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. Although we endeavor to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our websites. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our websites.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect several types of information from and about users of our websites, including:
Information that is about your use of our websites and how you access them, such as information about your browser, service provider, internet connection, IP address and search engines used to find our websites.
Information that you decide to provide to us (such as by filling in forms or applications on our websites), by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, any other information collected that can be used to identify you, or any other identifying information by which you may be contacted online or offline (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Our use of Personally Identifiable Information includes providing you with information you’ve requested about our products or services, and for marketing and promoting such products and services.
Records and copies of your correspondence with us, if you contact us (such as emails, live chat features, and telephone records).
Details of transactions you initiate or carry out through our websites, including financial information (such as credit applications submitted through our websites)
Information that is about you, but individually does not identify you, such as navigational information on what links you click on our websites, search inquiries, and any other information you produce in interacting with our websites, which may or may not be stored along with Personal Information.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us (such as when you submit online forms or applications to us).
Automatically as you navigate through our websites (as explained in further detail in the next section of this policy).
From third parties, such as advertising companies that help us locate potential customers. We maintain such information in accordance with the standards set forth in this privacy policy, as we do with all other Personal Information that you provide.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
We use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: details of your visits to our websites, such as traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites such as information about your computer and internet connection, such as your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways, or receive from third parties. This information is typically used to help us to improve our websites to deliver a better and more personalized service including by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns; compile broad statistical data; analyze visitor use of our websites and tailor sites to meet their interests; store website user preference and speed up their searches; and recognize return visitors.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or “browser cookies”). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies, or otherwise limit their use, by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our websites or you may be required to reenter information more frequently. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies (or otherwise limit their use), our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our websites.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our websites may use local stored objects (or “Flash cookies”) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our websites. These may also be disabled or otherwise limited by activating the appropriate settings on your browser.
Web Beacons. Our websites or email communications may also contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as “clear gifs,” “pixel tags,” and “single-pixel gifs”) that permit fusionZONE LLC, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics.
Similar Technologies. fusionZONE LLC may adopt other similar technologies for similar purposes.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information collected about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
To present our websites and their contents to you.
To provide you with information, or offers regarding our products, services, or financing of our products or services.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide information.
To provide you with notices regarding any accounts or payments you have with fusionZONE LLC.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our websites or any products or services we offer or provide through them.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our websites.
In any other way we describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your affirmative consent.
We may disclose aggregated or statistical information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your personal information:
If fusionZONE LLC has a good faith belief that such disclosure is appropriate in order to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
In the event that fusionZONE LLC sells or otherwise transfers substantially all, or even a particular portion of its business assets (such as selling the business to new owners), consumer information may be transferred as part of the transaction, whether by sale, merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other asset transfer, whether as a going concern or as part of any bankruptcy, liquidation, similar proceeding or sale of assets.
To enforce or apply the terms of any sales or lease contract we have with you, or other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If fusionZONE LLC has a good faith belief that disclosure is appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of fusionZONE LLC, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We do not:
Share customer personal information with other companies for their direct marketing use.
Sell, rent, or trade consumer information to third parties, other than as described herein.
Have any responsibility for any third parties who collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our websites.
Provide website visitors with the ability to review and correct personal information that has previously been submitted. However, should you wish to update your current email address, mailing address, or any other information, please contact us as the email address or telephone number provided at the bottom of this policy.
AGENTS
From time to time, fusionZONE LLC uses other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include administering email services and running special promotions. Such parties will have access to personal information relevant to perform these functions and may not use or store the information for any other purpose. Subscribers or site visitors will not receive unsolicited email messages from agents working on our behalf.
ACCESSING OUR WEB SITES FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
Our websites are designed for, and intended to be used exclusively by, United States residents. We are not responsible for their use in any foreign nation or territory. If you are visiting our websites from a location outside of the United States your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States. Any information you provide during your visit will be processed and maintained on our webserver and other internal systems located within the United States.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Our websites contain links to other sites run by third parties. fusionZONE LLC is not responsible in any way for such third-party websites, including, without limitation the privacy practices or the content of such sites. To help ensure the protection of your privacy, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site you visit.
PUBLIC FORUMS
Our websites may utilize chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or similar forum technologies at various times. Unless otherwise stated, any information that is disclosed in these areas is public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any information in these areas, especially any personal information.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Opt-Out Procedures. If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Company to promote our products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to the email address listed at the bottom of this policy. Our websites allow users to opt-out of receiving communications at the point where personal information is requested, or through other identified means. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions or use the unsubscribe link provided in our email to you. This opt out does not apply to non-advertising information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase. If you have any difficultly in opting-out of any communications from fusionZONE LLC, please immediately contact us at the phone number and email listed below.
Additionally, some browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) feature that, when turned on, signals to websites and online services that you do not want to be tracked. Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to a DNT signal, we do not currently respond to DNT signals on this website or on websites where we provide advertisements, content, or other services.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY / EFFECTIVE DATE
We post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page and include a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the homepage(s) of our website(s). If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the homepage(s) of our website(s) and may, in our discretion, contact you by email to notify you as well.
The Effective Date is identified at the top of this policy (i.e. the date this Privacy Policy was most recently revised). You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our websites and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may contact us at support@fzautomotive.com.
SALES:
(424) 232-0728
Request Demo
Fax: (888) 863-5707
SUPPORT:
(888) 576-1136
Website Support
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Scroll to top
NewsletterLike what you're reading? Sign up for our newsletter below! No spam, just high quality tips and tricks direct from the experts.Name *Email *WebsiteSign Up
TOYOTA WEBSITE PROGRAM
Send us your info and we’ll contact you right away,
so you can learn more about the Toyota Program with fusionZONE.
Name *FirstLastEmail *Your Phone *Your DealershipComment or MessageNameSubmit
ACURA WEBSITE PROGRAM
Send us your info and we’ll contact you right away,
so you can learn more about the Toyota Program with fusionZONE.
Name *FirstLastEmail *Your Phone *Your DealershipComment or MessagePhoneSubmit