https://www.canaudit.com/privacy-policy/
Tel.(800) 774-1717
twitter
facebook
googleplus
Menu  HomeIndustries
Financial ServicesHealthcareLegalEducationInsuranceGovernmentFortune 500Utilities
Services
IT Security and IT Audit Services
Network Penetration Testing and Vulnerability AssessmentWeb Application Security AssessmentIT System Audits and IT Security ReviewPhysical Security ReviewIT Policy and Procedure ReviewSocial Engineering ReviewIT Forensic AnalysisChange Management Audit
Compliance
HIPAA-HITECHPCI DSSPCI DSS 3.1PCI DSS SAQSOXFFIECGLBAFERPANERC CIPISO 27001 & ISO 27002
IT Security Training
Auditing IT: Identifying ExposuresAuditing the IT EnvironmentControl and Security of E-CommerceControl and Security of LinuxControl and Security of MS ExchangeControl and Security of MS SQL ServerControl and Security of UNIXControl and Security of Web Applications
Control and Security of WindowsData Breaches: Paths and PreventionIntroduction to Computer ForensicsIS Auditing for Integrated AuditorsIT Audit and Security Boot CampIT Auditing: The Next StepPerforming a Security BaselinePerimeter and Physical Security
About Canaudit
CanauditCorporate ResponsibilityContact Us
Contact Us
Southern CaliforniaNorthern CaliforniaJoin Our List
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. are committed to keeping personal information of individuals accurate, secure and confidential. This Website Privacy Policy applies to personal information that you may provide while using Canaudit, Inc.’s Website located at www.canaudit.com and TWHC’s Website located at www.twhc.com (Websites) and how we may use the information that we collect from your visits to the Websites. Any personal information that Canaudit, Inc. or TWHC receives from you through these Websites or otherwise will be handled and stored in a secure manner to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Some of the information that we keep on our web server is information that you volunteer to provide through forms, and some is collected automatically. TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. will only use such information for the purposes we advise you of when it is collected. Unless you volunteer to submit personal data yourself, TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. will not use any information collected automatically to identify you.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED AND STORED
During your visit to our Websites, TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. automatically collect and temporarily store the following information about your computer and your visit. This information will not be used to identify you:
The domain and host from which you access the Internet
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Websites, if applicable
The date and time you arrive at our Websites, time spent on the Websites and which pages you visit
Your internet protocol (IP) address
Your computer’s operating system and browser software
TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. use this information for website and system administration purposes and to improve the Websites. TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. may disclose the information to others for those administrative purposes or permanently archive it for future use.
TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. may use “cookie” technology to obtain information from their online visitors. Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We do not extract personal information in this process, nor do we provide this information to third parties.. Cookies allow us to customize your user interface to speed up the navigation process and to make the website experience more efficient. If your browser is configured to reject cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features of the Websites.
Our Websites use the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our Websites. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors of our Websites. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Websites. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising through third-party sites you may visit Network Advertising Initiative to access tools that will enable you to do so.
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU SPECIFICALLY PROVIDE
During your use of the Websites, you may be asked to voluntarily provide certain personal information (such as your name and/or e-mail address) for purposes such as facilitating communications with you or providing you with other general information about TWHC and/or Canaudit, Inc. (by e-mail or other forms of communication), including press releases or other information. It is always your choice whether or not to provide personal information. If you choose not to provide requested personal information, you may not be able to use certain features through the Websites.
In addition, TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your questions, to process inquiries and instructions, and to facilitate and enhance your use of the Websites. TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. may send to you, from time to time, e-mail or other communications containing information about TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. and other matters TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. believes will interest you. At any time you may ask TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. to stop sending you unsolicited e-mail and other information by contacting us at info@canaudit.com.
LINKS
TWHC and Canaudit, Inc.’s Websites may contain links to other websites. We try our best to ensure that these links are safe for everyone, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked website are entirely separate from TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. and are not covered by this Website Privacy Policy. Other websites may also link to the TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. Websites. TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of websites that link to TWHC and Canaudit, Inc.’s Websites or that TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. provides a link to through our Websites.
CHANGES AND ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
On request, TWHC or Canaudit, Inc. will inform you about the personal information it has in its possession and control relating to you and will give you reasonable access to that information. You can request that we correct, update and/or delete personal information from our database by writing us at the address below.
TWHC
100 N. First Street Suite 202
Burbank, CA 91502
Canaudit, Inc.
100 N. First St. Suite 201
Burbank, CA 91502
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
TWHC and Canaudit, Inc. may periodically review the appropriateness of this Website Privacy Policy and make, at its discretion, such changes as are necessary. If we decide to change this Website Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here.
Southern California
100 North First Street, Suite #201
Burbank, CA 91502
Tel: (818) 955-9499
(805) 583-3723
info@canaudit.com
Northern California
268 Bush Street, Suite #1700
San Francisco, CA 94104
Tel: (800) 774-1717
(415) 824-9700
info@canaudit.com
Home
Industries
Services
About Canaudit
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved Site Map
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Join Our List