https://www.rexel.com/en/legal-notices/
Imported Layers
next
prev
icon-s-fb--lrg
s-in--lrg
icon-s-tw--lrg
icon-s-tw--simple
icon-s-tw--simple-w
icon-s-yt--simple
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this website, you accept the use of cookies to provide you with optimum service and personalized content. 				Know more about the cookies
Buy online
Contact
Search
Buy onlineChoose your country
Back
Contact us
You have a large project that requires expertise of the Rexel teams
Commercial contact
You would like to contact our departments
Select one
General
Press
Finance
Careers
Sustainable development
Ethics
Share
on Facebook
on Twitter
on Google+
on Pinterest
on LinkedIn
by email
Redirection
It's seems you're located in . Where do you want to be redirected?
Go to your local branch
See all branches
Legal notices
I. LEGAL NOTICES
1 – Introduction
This site is owned and published by Rexel, a French Company with limited liability (société anonyme) with share capital of €1,520,510,065;
R.C.S. Paris 479 973 513;
13 bd du Fort de Vaux, 75838 Paris Cedex 17 – France;
Tel.: +33 1 42 85 85 00
The Director of Publication is Sébastien Thierry, Secrétaire Général de Rexel.
Managing Editor: Julien Fernandez, Group Communications Manager.
Content Manager: Hugo Haddouf, Group Communications Officer.
2 – Website hosting
This site is hosted by:
Jaguar Network SAS, a simplified joint-stock company (société par actions simplifiée) with share capital of €3,600,000;
R.C.S. Marseille B 439 099 656;
71 av. André Roussin – BP 50067 – 13321 Marseille Cedex 16 – France;
Tel.: +33 4 88 00 65 10.
II. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
3.1 – Copyrights
This site is an intellectual work as defined in the provisions of Articles L. 111-1 et seq. of the French Intellectual Property Code. As such, as the owner of the intellectual property rights related to this site, Rexel benefits from the protection and rights reserved by law.
All of the elements that you see, hear, or read on the site and the site itself are protected by copyright legislation. You may not under any circumstances use, distribute, copy, reproduce, modify, alter, or transmit the site or elements of the site such as text, images, or sounds without the express prior consent of Rexel as its author.
Failure to comply with this prohibition constitutes an infringement that may incur civil and criminal penalties against which Rexel reserves the right to claim compensation for any and all damages.
3.2 – Images displayed on the site
The images or photographs of people or places displayed on the site are the property of Rexel or are used by Rexel with the consent of the holders of the rights. The use of these images or photographs is prohibited without the specific express consent of Rexel. Any unauthorized use may result in a violation of copyright, image rights, rights of persons, or any other regulations applicable to communications or advertising.
3.3 – Trademarks, other intellectual property rights
Rexel or its affiliated companies are the owners of the rights attached to the trademarks, corporate names, commercial names, banner, and other Intellectual Property rights that are expressly recognized valid by all users.
The trademarks and logos appearing on the site are the property of Rexel or require authorization to use. No right or license can be assigned to any one of these elements without the written permission of Rexel or the third party that is the holder of the rights to the trademark or logo appearing on the site.
No mention is made of rights with respect to other trademarks, company names, commercial names, or signage, whether or not they are registered and that may be attached to certain words or signs used on this site. However, the absence of such a reference does not imply in any way that such trademarks, corporate names, commercial names, signage, or words are not protected.
It is expressly acknowledged and accepted by all users of the site that any product, service, or technology described in these materials may be subject to other Intellectual Property rights in favor of Rexel or a third party. No right to use such Intellectual Property rights is granted here.
4 – General warning
Rexel cannot be held responsible for any damage that may result from the access or use of the site, including any damage or virus that may infect your computer equipment or any other asset.
Even though we have taken every measure to ensure the reliability of the information contained on this site, Rexel may incur no liability for errors, omissions, or results that may be obtained, transmitted, retransmitted, or collected by the use of such information.
In particular, the use of hypertext links during your visit to our site may lead you to other servers for access to the information sought. Rexel has no control over such servers and will not assume a risk relating to their content.
5 – Limitation of liability and indemnification
Rexel or any other party involved in connection with the site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, or other damages that may result from the access or use of the site or the information contained therein. You shall indemnify, defend, and preserve Rexel and its subsidiaries, as well as its directors, officers, employees, representatives, licensees, or anyone involved in the creation, production, and distribution of the site against any demands, liabilities, costs, and expenditures resulting from your violation of these terms and conditions of use or in connection with your use of the site.
6 – Adherence to regulations
The site is established by Rexel, which is head office are registered in France. Internet users accessing the site from places other than France must ensure compliance with locally applicable laws.
7 – Access to the site
Rexel reserves the right, regardless of the reason and at its sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend, or interrupt access to all or part of the site, including in particular the content, features, or times of availability, without prior notice. You acknowledge and agree that in the context of the use of the site, the purchase of all necessary equipment to allow connection to the Internet remains your responsibility.
8 – Changes to conditions
Rexel reserves the right to change or, more generally, to update these general terms and conditions at any time and without notice. For this reason, you are invited to consult them regularly.
9 – Disputes
These legal notices are established in compliance with French law.
In the event of disputes relating to the site, only the courts within the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal of Paris will be competent, including in the event of a plurality of defendants, provisional measures or actions in warranty.
III. PERSONAL DATA
10 – Collection and use of data
Personal data may be collected on the site in the following cases:
– contact form from the user;
– visitor statistics;
– social network sharing buttons.
With respect to contact forms, we inform you that the required data are necessary for the management of your request. This information is intended for Rexel, which is responsible for processing it.
You have a rights over how we use your data:
Access. You have a right to know whether we hold personal information about you. Where this is the case, you may request a copy of your personal data we held, as well as information about how it is being used. Your request will be responded to within one calendar month of your request. Please note that we may require you to provide proof of identity and, in certain cases, a fee, before we are able to provide any information.
Rectification. Where information held about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request its rectification or completion.
Objection. You have a right to object to the use of your data for marketing purposes. Additionally, where we have used your data in pursuit of our legitimate interests, you can ask us to stop (subject to conditions).
Restriction. You have a right to ask us to restrict our use of your personal data in some circumstances, for example whilst we investigate a complaint that the data we hold about you is inaccurate (subject to conditions).
Erasure. In certain circumstances, you may request that your information be erased (subject to conditions).
Data portability. In certain circumstances, you have the right to receive a copy of the personal data transmitted to Rexel or to have them transmitted to another company.
Withdrawal of consent. You are allowed to withdraw your consent to our use of your data at any time. If there is no other justification for the use of your data, we will stop using it.
To exercise any of these rights, or for further information on how your personal data is handled, you can:
Use the contact form available at rexel.com or;
Contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
Rexel Développement SAS
13 boulevard du Fort de Vaux,
75017 Paris, FRANCE
Or through email: Data.protection@rexel.com
Furthermore, we inform you that, for the processing of requests for access, we have implemented a trace file containing the following information: first and last name of customer, photocopy of the form of identification submitted as proof (when necessary), date of receipt of the request, date of dispatch of the response, and copy of the response.
Your data is used exclusively for the purposes for which it is collected. It will not be communicated to non-authorized third parties, except for statutory or regulatory requirements. Once we no longer need the data, we delete it from our systems, provided that such data is not subject to statutory storage periods and obligations.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Contact who will investigate the matter. If you are dissatisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law, you can complain to the French Data Protection Authority : Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (la CNIL), 3 place de Fontenoy – TSA 80715 – 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07.
11 – Links to other sites
The site provides links to several Rexel Group websites. These sites may also collect personal data. The visiting of these sites and the collection and use of personal data on these sites are subject to the terms and conditions of use and personal data protection policy of these sites.
12.1 – Cookies
When you visit the site, cookies may be installed on your computer. This section allows you to better understand how these cookies work and how to use existing tools to set them up.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a text file saved on your computer when you visit a site. It is especially designed to collect information about your navigation on the site and send you personalized services. On your computer, cookies are managed by your Internet browser.
Third-party cookies
The site uses an analytics tool developed by the third-party provider Applied Technologies Internet SAS, which requires the use of a cookie. This allows us, via IP address recognition and other methods, to refine information regarding traffic and behavior of visitors to the site.
The site also uses plug-ins to share content directly on social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn. Solely because of their presence, social plug-ins present on the site may place cookies on your computer to track your navigation or identify your centers of interest, whether or not you are a user of these social platforms. We have no control over the process employed by social networks to collect information about your navigation on the site.
The issuance and the use of cookies by such third parties are subject to their own privacy policies, which we invite you to read.
12.2 – Accepting or refusing cookies
Your internet browser settings
You can choose to disable cookies. Your browser can also be set to warn you about the cookies installed on your computer and ask you whether or not you want to accept them. You can accept or decline cookies on a case-by-case basis or refuse them automatically. Note, however, that changing your browser settings may change your experience on the site.
Every browser is configured differently. This is described in your browser’s Help menu, which will tell you how to change your cookie preferences.
You can also disable cookies by following these instructions:
a. If you are using Internet Explorer:
– In Internet Explorer, click on the “Tools” button, then on “Internet options”;
– Under the “General” tab, under “Browsing history,” click on “Settings”;
– Click on the “View files” button;
– Click on the “Name” column header in order to sort the files in alphabetical order, then scroll down the list until you see file names starting with the “Cookie” prefix (all cookies have this prefix and usually contain the name of the website that created the cookie);
– Select the cookies containing the “Rexel” name and delete them;
– Close the window displaying the file list, then click on “OK”, and again “OK” on the next window, to return to Internet Explorer.
b. If you are using Firefox:
– Go to the “Tools” tab, then select the “Options” menu;
– In the pop-up window, choose “Privacy”, then click on “Remove individual cookies”;
– Locate the files containing the “Rexel” name;
– Select them and delete them.
c. If you are using Safari:
– In your browser, choose the “Edit > Preferences” menu;
– Click on “Security”;
– Click on “Show cookies”;
– Select the cookies containing the “Rexel” name and click on “Remove” or “Remove all”;
– After deleting the cookies, click on “Done”.
d. if you are using Google Chrome:
– Click on the “Tools” menu icon;
– Select “Settings”;
– Click on the “Show advanced settings” tab and go to the “Privacy” section;
– Click on the “Show cookies” button;
– Locate the files containing the “Rexel” name. Select them and delete them;
– Click on “Close” to return to your browser.
To learn more about the options offered by your navigation software and the terms and conditions of the cookies stored in your terminal, depending on the browser(s) installed in your terminal, you can visit the “Vos traces” section (in French only) of the French Data Protection Authority’s website at the following address: http://www.cnil.fr/vos-libertes/vos-traces/les-cookies/
Rexel reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time, to take into account particular developments in the technologies used, the publication of new services, and new regulations. All changes will take effect once they are published online.
libero id Aenean lectus quis risus. elit. adipiscing