http://www.fastvirtual.com/company/policies/privacy.html
Search
|  Contact  |
Site Map  |
Print
Web Hosting  |
Domain Names  |
Web Site Builder  |
Internet Access  |
Support Center  |
About FastVirtual
home
about fastvirtual
policies & agreements
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
How personal information collected
by FastVirtual is used.
Service Agreement
Web Hosting Terms
Dial-Up Access Terms
Domain Registration Terms
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for, and applies
solely to information collected by FastVirtual. It covers:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through
our web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data;
The security procedures in place to protect from the misuse of your
information;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owner of the information collected on our web site.
We only collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, our
control panel system, our online order forms, and/or other direct contact
we have with you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
This information includes your name, address, phone number, fax number,
email address, and credit card information required to establish service.
When you contact us, we will use your information to respond to your
question, or to provide you with information regarding our services. We
will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization,
other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email, phone, fax,
or mail in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services,
or changes to our policies.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may view and/or update information we have about you through you
account control panel under "Account Profile".
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the web site, your information is protected both online
and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted
and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking
for a "closed-lock" icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking
for "https" in the location bar of your web browser.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted
online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need
the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer
service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The
servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept
in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a small piece of data stored
on your hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and helps
us identify repeat visitors to our site. These cookies are primarily used
to store configuration information in your account control panel, and
never contain personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we
are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other
web sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our web site, and
to read the privacy policy of any other web site that collects personally
identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should
contact us immediately.
Rev. 09/04/2004
Company Overview
FastVirtual Data Center
Policies & Agreements
General Service Agreement
Hosting Services Acceptable
Use Policy
Domain Registration
Terms
Domain Registration Personal
Data Statement
Domain Dispute Resolution
Policy
Additional Terms for
Internet Dial-Up Access
Billing Terms
Termination &
Suspension of Services
Terms of Web Site Use
Privacy Policy
Newsroom
Technology Partners
Testimonials
Web Hosting  |
Domain Names  |
Web Site Builder  |
Internet Access  |
Support Center  |
About FastVirtual  |
Articles  |
Search  |
Contact  |
Site Map
FastVirtual, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  |
Web Site Usage Terms  |
General Service Agreement