https://www.cauce.org/legal/
CAUCE
Home
About Cauce
Join
Members
Report spam
Contact
Legal
08 October 2020
CRTC UNDERTAKING NOTESOLUTION INC. (ONECLASS)
On September 30, 2020 the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) announced a new undertaking under Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) with Notesolution Inc. (OneClass) that alleges multiple violations of the anti-spam Act.
The undertaking reads that OneClass voluntarily entered the undertaking for the following alleged violations of paragraphs 6(1)(a), 8(1)(a), 10(1)(a), 10(3), 10(4), and 10(5)(a) of the Act as well as sections 4 and 5 of the Electronic Commerce Protection Regulations (CRTC) SOR/2012-36 (the Regulations (CRTC)). These alleged infractions took place between October 2016 and March 2020.
The results of the undertaking between the CRTC show that OneClass has agreed to pay $100,000 in penalties, bring their software and marketing efforts into alignment with the Act and implement a compliance program.
The CRTC has also updated their guidance for installing a computer program on their information pages, Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation Requirements for Installing Computer Programs.
CAUCE Applauds the work of the CRTC in taking action to protect consumers and provide guidance for business that may be building or considering building applications similar to those described in the undertaking.
For more information read CAUCE Board members blog post about this on EmailKarma.
Posted at 17:37 in Canada, Legal, News
| Permalink
Tags:
Canada, CASL, Notesolution, OneClass, Undertaking
Reblog
(0)
01 October 2019
RIP Don Blumenthal
It is with a heavy heart that we note the passing of dear friend, colleague and member of the CAUCE board board of directors, Don Blumenthal on September 28, 2019 in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He was 67.
Don was an anti-spammer for as long a there was an anti-spam community: he helped design, deploy and maintain the famous ‘Spam Fridge’, the repository of junk email maintained by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). He contributed the wisdom he gleaned from that experience to the design process of Canada’s Spam Freezer.
Don Blumenthal later worked at the Public Interest Registry (PIR.org) maintaining anti-abuse work for the .ORG TLD
Don was a welcome, active participant to the Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG.org), at the meetings held by the Messaging Anti-Abuse Working Group (M3AAWG.org), the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (icaan.org) and, of course, he was a long-time board member of the Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email (CAUCE.org).
His interests also lay outside the realm of anti-abuse work, Don was a football scout for the Oakland Raiders.
Don Blumenthal worked tireless to make the Internet a better place, had a considerable degree of success doing so, and he will be sorely missed by us all. Simply put, he was a tremendously nice guy.
Rest in peace, Don.
Posted at 21:48 in History, Legal, News, United States, World
| Permalink
|
Comments (2)
Reblog
(0)
27 October 2017
Standing Committee on Industry, Science and Technology Review of CASL
Standing Committee on Industry, Science and Technology
Review of CASL, Canada's Anti-Spam Law
Hour 1: Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Hour 2: Neil Schwartzman & Matthew Vernhout, CAUCE.org
http://parlvu.parl.gc.ca/XRender/en/PowerBrowser/PowerBrowserV2/20171024/-1/28163
Posted at 17:50 in Canada, Legal, News, World
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
24 October 2017
Verbal Comments to INDU about CASL, Ottawa 10/24/2017
Verbal comments by Neil Schwartzman, Executive Director and Matthew Vernhout, Director-at-large of the Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email to the Standing Committee on Industry, Science and Technology, Ottawa, October 24, 2017
Neil Schwartzman
With apologies to The Bard of Avon,
Friends, Parliamentarians, countrymen, lend me your ears;
I come to praise CASL, not to kill it.
The evil that critics of CASL do lives with them;
The good is imbued in its sections;
So let it be with CASL.
CASL’s noble adversaries may tell you the law is too ambitious, as If it was a grievous fault.
CASL enshrines the work of 2005's federal task force on spam, best practices found in our final report are now global industry standards. Best practices do nothing without holding bad players accountable.
CASL is a crowd-sourced law, taking input from hundreds, working tens of thousands of hours. The Messaging Anti-Abuse Working Group, MAAWG, is a one hundred eighty five member industry association of companies such as Apple, Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Bell Canada. MAAWG participated in the CASL process and sent a letter to the Prime Minister urging passage of the law.
My name is Neil Schwartzman, I am the executive director of CAUCE, the coalition against unsolicited commercial email. I wrote the world’s first distributed spam filter, and 20 years later, here we are.
I am a management consultant; my clients include the world’s largest company and the world’s biggest sender of email, and I teach cyber investigation methods to international law enforcement.
Spam filtering costs recipients 20 billion dollars a year according to researchers at Microsoft and Google, and the fact is spam has become much worse of late, ransomware and phishing payloads are vicious.
Affiliate spam, 90% of the pouriel hitting our networks is a open sewer spraying 1 BILLION messages per hour at our families, friends and colleagues.
Unsolicited junk email, texts and phonecalls from Wal-Mart, DirecTV, and Fidelity are some of the affiliate spam sent by third parties earning commissions from the brand. CASL was purpose-built to remedy such activity.
Studies and data have proven CASL is protective shield to the spam coming into, and out of Canada.
Law enforcement can’t possibly investigate - nor do they know about - all spam attacks. CASL’s Private Right of Action, a right integral to America’s CANSPAM Act, has been suspended, lamentably preventing Canadian ISPs, businesses and organizations from seeking compensation for damages to their networks and users.
Declarations of CASL’s damaging effects are laughable. The OECD has projected Canada’s 2018 economic growth outlook to be the best of the G-7; Quebec enjoys their lowest unemployment rate in three decades.
Yes, legitimate companies bear costs to become compliant, just as when PIPEDA came into force.
Business must be vigilant - data breaches occur daily, business email compromise results in losses in the hundreds of millions. CASL defines the modern standards  of data integrity and permission companies must maintain in the global economy. The EU’s updated GDRP privacy law comes into effect in 2018. Failing to maintain parity will put us at a severe economic disadvantage.
In two cases prosecuted by the CRTC, the marketing departments of Rogers and Kellogg's were found to bought spam email lists from third party firms.
Why are spammers afraid of CASL and trying to gut it of effectiveness? Because it is working. We will hear from my colleague Matt who is a 20-year marketing professional, who has data proving marketing has grown in volume and effectiveness under CASL.We keep hearing about chilling effects, yet, our economy is growing, marketing is more effective. Chilling? I’m feeling rather warm.
CASL is so frightening to spammers, that they lobby Canada’s law enforcement and legislators. American groups with direct business interests to shady, black-hat spamming groups will make presentations to this very body.
With this in mind, I exhort you to leave CASL intact. Adjust, yes, clarify, no doubt, but do not come here to kill CASL. Do Caesar proud.
Thank you.
Matthew Vernhout
Good Afternoon, to our distinguished Members of Parliament thank you for inviting us to speak with you today.
My name is Matthew Vernhout, I am here on behalf of the CAUCE. In my professional capacity I am the Director of Privacy and Industry Relations for email analytics firm 250ok, the Chair of the Email Experience Council’s Advocacy committee, and an active member of the global email marketing community. I participated in the drafting of America’s CAN-SPAM act and had the pleasure of speaking to this Committee in support of CASL in 2009.
I have published dozens of articles, been quoted in the press, spoken at numerous industry events, and consulted with some of North America’s top brands regarding CASL compliance.
In fact, one of the comparative benchmark reports I authored for ISED; was recently cited in the CRTC decision on the constitutional challenge by CompuFinder.
The positive effects of CASL on the email industry are remarkable.
I am delighted to say analysis finds the email industry thriving and experiencing significant growth. Businesses ensure they have recipient consent and they are seeing the positive benefits of those efforts.
A common trend has emerged from several reports published in the past three years: more messages are delivered to Canadian consumers inboxes post-CASL, due to better list management practices and increased consumer trust.
A recent industry report shows that two countries with the toughest anti-spam legislation, Canada and Australia, also have the best deliverability of commercial emails to inboxes in the G-8 countries studied.
The basic framework of CASL is a series of email marketing best practices that have been the basis of most of my consulting efforts over the past seventeen years:
•Ask permission first
•Honour opt-outs
•Be clear of who you are and why you are writing to your customer.
CASL has taken these ideas made them the law of the land.
As my colleague stated, CASL is working to diminish spam, moreover, it is working to make legitimate email marketing more successful, and more effective.
There is far too much baseless fear, uncertainty and doubt being spread by the naysayers of CASL, who are neither anti-abuse nor marketing professionals.
When I speak with marketers about their compliance efforts and the changes that they make to their digital marketing I often hear, “This is a lot of work, but isn’t nearly as difficult as I thought it would be.”
However, we still have a long road ahead of us. The Spam Reporting Centre receives 6,000 complaints per week, totalling more than one million complaints since 2014.
For example, the blacklist operators SURBL notes that there are currently 70 DOT C A domains spamming counterfeit goods scams to Canadians.
There are also active spam gangs set up on hosting providers in Montréal, Hamilton, and Vancouver.
Regarding the PRA suspension, this renders CASL toothless. I recommend the PRA be revisited to allow network operators who carry the cost of spam to avail themselves of redress.
In closing, it is our hope that the law remains a strong and viable tool to protect email marketing, networks, and consumers from unwanted spam messaging.
Canadians, like all consumers, deserve nothing less.
Update
TO: INDU@parl.gc.ca
October 28, 2017
To whom it may concern,
We are forwarding an electronic message from Deborah Evans of Rogers Media Inc.
The undertaking that RMI signed with the CRTC on November 26, 2015 reads, in part:
AND WHEREAS the CCEO has advised RMI that Commission Staff is of the view that express consent is required to send commercial electronic messages on behalf of unknown third parties. More specifically, Commission start is of the view that implied consent cannot be relied upon to send commercial electronic messages on behalf of unknown third parties, without obtaining prior specific express consent in accordance with the Act, Regulations and Regulations (CRTC);
Should anyone see daylight between our stated position and that of RMI, we would wish to correct the record. Ms. Evans’ email reads as follows:
Date: Sat, 28 Oct 2017 15:23:18
From: Deborah Evans <Deborah.Evans@rci.rogers.com>
To: John Levine <john.levine@cauce.org>
Subject: Re: INDU Committee
CAUCE’s comments to the industry committee were that Rogers was prosecuted and found to have bought spam lists from third parties.
This is factually incorrect. We do not buy lists.
The reference you made to our undertaking was not that we bought lists, but sent messages (to our existing lists) on behalf of third parties using implied consent.
We were not found guilty of this, the Chief Compliance Officer merely noted that she disagreed with our interpretation of the rules.
CAUCE has publicly stated that Rogers bought spam lists. Again, I cannot stress enough that this is factually incorrect.
The matter is obviously not resolved. I was really hoping we could deal with this amicably but this does not seem to be the case. We will pursue other options.
Neil Schwartzman
Executive Director,
CAUCE.org Inc.
Posted at 14:52 in Canada, Legal, News, World
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
27 April 2017
Follow-up-up To Loudmouths Wanted: Sorry, not sorry
In March, I posted a call to action to those of us in the community who have the inclination to fight against a movement to redact information critical to anti-abuse research. Today i felt compelled to react to some of the discussions on the ICANN discussion list dedicated to the issue of WHOIS reform:
Sorry, not sorry: I work every working hour of the day to protect literally hundreds of millions of users from privacy violating spam, phish, malware, and support scams.
Should access to WHOIS data be redacted in any way beyond what it is at present, my work will be made impossible. I spend 90% of my day in WHOIS data, the other 10% sculpting the data in a manner to provide reason and proof to hosting provider and registrars to take action against real-life criminals on their networks.
I also prepare cases for law enforcement to act upon. Contrary to popular belief in some quarters, LE cannot possibly begin to know about the stuff I (and my many, many colleagues) see, until we tell them.  That’s how it works. Any of the big botnet and crime ring take-downs and arrests you’ve ever seen have involved a public-private collaboration between individuals, researchers such ads myself, and law enforcement.
So, I’d like to issue congratulations to all those who want to redact. You will, without a single iota of uncertainty, will expose many more people to real – not potential or hypothetical –  privacy issues of a far more serious nature than you could possibly imagine, all in the badly mangled, misguided, and muddleheaded notion of what privacy actually is in the real world. ‘Cut off your nose to spite your face’ has never been more apt.
I hope you tell your Mom, family and your friends what you are trying to do here, while I spend my time trying to protect them from real evil: Revenge porn. Identity Theft. Plain old theft. Stalking. Photographic representation of the rape of children. Trolling, leading to the destruction of people’s lives. Emptied bank accounts.
Tell them you don’t want me to be able to do my job, and that you are trying to make it impossible, because you think access to the data that has been public and without challenge under the world’s privacy laws for twenty years is better off limited to the point of uselessness, sacrificed on some misshapen altar of privacy.
If I sound angry at what you are attempting to do, then I’ve hit my mark. i am furious. The security sector is furious. We are terrified that you may have any degree of success in this regard, because you apparently don’t know, or don’t care what the actual results will be. Placating with ‘gated access’ means there will be some among my peers and colleagues, far more talented and effective than I, who simply cannot gain access, and the resulting mess will be on your head, and at risk of overstating my case, the blood on your hands.
So again, congratulations. Mother’s Day is coming up. Be sure to make mention of this in the card you send. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ll go back to diving in the data lake of WHOIS, trying to keep spam and far worse evil off’ve your network.
K bye tnx.
Neil Schwartzman
Executive Director
Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email
http://cauce.org
Twitter : @cauce
Posted at 08:57 in Legal, Prognostication, World
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
05 January 2017
Chart of Legal Actions taken under CASL
A PDF Chart of all legal actions taken by enforcement agencies since CASL came into effect. The PDF has live links to the case files.
CASL Cases.pdf
Posted at 16:22 in Canada, Frequently Asked Questions, History, Legal
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
18 June 2016
"Spam King" Sanford Wallace finally goes to jail
Sanford Wallace has been sending spam for over 20 years. Despite losing innumerable lawsuits, he's managed to stay out of jail until now. His luck finally ran out, in a case where he was convicted of contempt of court and hacking many Facebook users.
Laura at Word to the Wise wrote about how Spamford's mail got her into spam fighting in the 1990s.
Article at The Register
Posted at 12:34 in Legal, News, United States
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
04 December 2015
Canadian regulators use CASL to take down a botnet
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) used Canada's Anti-Spam law to take down a control and command server in Toronto for the Dorbot botnet.
The CRTC's press release is here. They worked with industry and government in many countries. Microsoft sent out a release with more details on the way Dorkbot works.
In addition to its anti-spam provisions, CASL sets rules for downloaded installable software, which ranges from benign smartphone apps and browser plugins to malicious botnets and password stealing malware. The CRTC investigation is ongoing so they haven't disclosed the details, but the authority to take down the C&C server appears to come from the prohibition against unauthorized downloads and installs. CAUCE congratulates the CRTC on this sophisticated and effective use of its new enforcement authority.
Posted at 12:16 in Canada, Legal, Technology
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
20 November 2015
CRTC fines another big company that should have known better
Today the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) announced that Rogers Media, one of the largest mobile phone and cable companies in Canada, had agreed to pay $200,000 to resolve long running violations of Canada's Anti-Spam Law. For over a year, July 2014 to July 2015, Rogers sent e-mail with opt-out links that didn't work, or if they did work Rogers continued to send mail anyway. The details of the undertaking Rogers agreed to are here.
Rogers is a big sophisticated company, and there's no good reason they can't manage their mail to stop sending ads when people ask them to. This kind of spam is particularly hard to filter, since the same message might be sent to a Rogers customer who'd agreed to receive it, and to someone else who't told them to stop.
Posted at 22:48 in Canada, Legal, News
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
26 August 2015
The Case of Spamford Wallace: Guilty at Last!
My anti-spam community friends were all abuzz today with the news that Spamford Wallace had pleaded guilty in a Las Vegas court to "compromising approximately 500,000 Facebook accounts" in order to deliver "more than 27 million spam messages."
What might amaze the General Reader is that this is the SAME Spamford Wallace case that began with an indictment on July 6, 2011.
According to the Indictment, Wallace created an account on November 4, 2008 under the name "David Frederix" and then tested posting spam messages to his 'real' wall "Sanford MasterWeb Wallace" experimenting with which posts would best evade Facebook's filters.
He then made a script that would automate the process of logging in to a Facebook account, obtaining a list of all of the Friends of that account, and then posting his advertising message to each of those friends' walls.  Spamford then created a domain registrar account at Moniker Online and another at Dynadot (using the name Laura Frederix) and between the two created 2,500 domain names that would be used in these spamming attacks against Facebook users.
On November 5 and 6, 2008, Sanford sent approximately 125,000 spam messages to Facebook users using this method.  On December 28, 2008, another run was made, posting nearly 300,000 spam messages, by logging in through 143 different IP addresses that were used as proxies to disguise his origins.  On February 17, 2009, another 125,000 messages were posted.
At this point, a civil injunction was served on Sanford Wallace in the case of Facebook Inc v. Sanford Wallace (Northern District of California No 09-00798 JF) where Judge Jeremy Fogel ordered Sanford Wallace to no longer access Facebook's computer network.  (Orders issued on March 2, 2009 and March 24, 2009).  Sanford logged in on April 17, 2009, in violation of this order, while flying on a Virgin Airlines flight  from Las Vegas to New York.
In 2011, Sanford was back on Facebook, using a profile called "David Sinful-Saturdays Fredericks"
Counts 1,3, 7 - Fraud and Related Activity in Connection with Electronic Mail, carry a possibility of 3 years imprisonment.
2, 6, and 9 - Intentional Damage to a Protected Computer, carries a maximum sentence of 10 years imprisonment.
4, 5 and 8 - Fraud and Related Activity in Connection with Electronic Mail, carries a 3 year imprisonment possibility, and a possible $250,000 fine.
Counts 10 and 11  - Criminal Contempt, have unspecified potential penalties.
What's Happened Since?
Lots and lots of lawyering. . . behold the process of a Fair and Speedy Trial!!!!
04AUG2011 - the indictment was unsealed
04AUG2011 - notice of related cases was received.  These included:
the case of Facebook v. Sanford Wallace, Adam Arzoomanian, Scott Shaw, and John Does 1 through 25, for Violation of the CAN-SPAM ACT, violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, Violation of the California Business Code Section 229489 AKA the California Anti-Phishing Act, and Violation of California Penal Code section 502, the California Comprehensive Data Access and Fraud Act.  That case describes:  "At least one of the Defendants, Sanford (aka "Spamford") Wallace, is a notorious Internet scam artist who has been involved in various illegal spamming and malware activities since the mid 90s.  Indeed, Mr. Wallace has both Federal Trade Commission and civil judgements against him for these activities that total in excell of $235 million."  Myspace, Inc. v. Wallace; FTC v. Seismic Entertainment Prod., Inc; CompuServe v. CyberPromotions, Inc (Ohio, 1997)
This case resulted in a Default Judgement in favor of Facebook signed by Judge Jeremy Fogel on 29OCT2009.
22AUG2011 - bail hearing
28SEP2011 - case reassigned to a new Judge (Judge D. Lowell Jensen)
30SEP2011 - Order to Waive Appearance proposed )amd gramted_
03OCT2011 - Status hearing held
04OCT2011 - case reassigned to Judge Edward J. Davila
31OCT2011 - Pretrial services form 8 submitted.
28NOV2011 - Status hearing held
09JAN2012 - "Fair and Speedy Trial Act" exemption requested due to AUSA Attorney being engaged in another trial, and for additional time for the defendant's need for effective preparation of counsel. "The ends of justice served by granting the requested continuance outweight the best interest of the public and the defendant in a speedy trial." - extension granted until 09APR2012.
02APR2012 - extended to 07MAY2012 by mutual consent.
and again to 06AUG2012, and again to 01OCT2012, and again to 19NOV2012
Status hearings held 14JAN2013, 11MAR2013
11MAR2013 - hearing grants a modification to pretrial release conditions to allow Spamford to travel to Albuquerque, New Mexico for work.
More delays 31MAY2013, 08AUG2013, 20SEP2013, in each case ordering that time be "excluded" from consideration in the Fair and Speedy Trial Act to allow for effective preparation for the case.
02NOV2013 - Sanford's attorney (K.C. Maxwell) files a sealed document asking to be relieved from the case 09DEC2013.
Extension granted to 03FEB2014
17MAR2014 set as the date to hear the Motion to Withdraw as Counsel.
Continued to 31MAR2014, when Wallace assigns his new counsel, William W. Burns, Esquire.
25JUN2014 new counsel asks for more time to prepare
18JUL2014 William Burns petitions the court to withdraw as counsel
21JUL2014 Burns Relieved
21JUL2014 a Financial affidavit is delivered to the court pertaining to Spamford Wallace
01AUG2014 - "The individual named above as defendant, having testified under oaht or having otherwise satisfied this court that he or she (1) is financially unable to employ counsel and (2) does not wish to waive counsel, and because the interests of justice so require, the Court finds that the defendant is indigent, therefore, IT IS ORDERED that the attorney whose name, address and telephone number are listed below is appointed to represent the above defendant." (Wm. Michael Whelan, Jr. / 95 South Market St, Ste 300 / San Jose, CA 95113 / (650) 319-5554 cell)
19AUG2014 - time extended to allow Whelan to prepare
22SEP2014 Status conference held, Jury Trial date set for 05MAY2015 through 22MAY2015.
29SEP2014 Whelan petitions the court that drug testing no longer be required since Sanford has never tested positive. (Granted 15OCT2014)
02MAR2015, status hearing extends case until an 08JUN2015 status hearing
12JUN2015 - new financial affidavit entered under seal
30JUN2015 - a change of plea hearing is requested for 27JUL2015
24AUG2015 - Sanford Wallace pleas guilty to a single count - Count 3.  Sentencing scheduled for 07DEC2015 at 1:30 PM
Guilty of Count Three
So, if we go back to the indictment, what does this mean that Sanford has plead guilty to?
COUNT THREE: (18 U.S.C.  §§1037(a)(1) and (b)(2)(A) - Fraud and Related Activity in Connection with Electronic Mail.
22. The factual allegations contained in Paragraphs One through Eleven above are realleged and incorporated herein as if set forth in full.
23.  On or about December 28, 2008, in the Northern of California and elsewhere, the defendant, SANFORD WALLACE, knowingly accessed a protected computer without authorization, and intentionally initiated the transmission of multiple commercial electronic mail messages from or through such computer, in and affecting interstate and foreign commerce, to wit: the defendant accessed Facebook's computer network in order to initate the transmission of program that resulted in nearly 300,000 spam messages being sent to Facebook users.
What were 1 through 11?  The only really important paragraph is number 5:
5. From approximately November 2008 through March 2009, WALLACE developed and executed a scheme to send spam messages to Facebook users that compromised approximately 500,000 legitimate Facebook accounts, and resulted in over 27 million spam messages being sent through Facebook's servers.)
Post by Gary Warner, originally appeared on his Cybercrime & Doing Time Blog
Posted at 07:28 in Legal, News, United States
| Permalink
Reblog
(0)
Older
»
Subscribe to this blog's feed
Tweets by @cauce
Categories
Canada
Frequently Asked Questions
History
Legal
News
Press Releases
Prognostication
Technology
United States
Warnings
World
See More
Archives
October 2020
June 2020
March 2020
October 2019
September 2019
April 2019
February 2019
December 2017
October 2017
May 2017
Search
Powered by Typepad