http://www.kmcsonline.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
kmcsonline.com
operates the Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at kmcsonline.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Disclaimer
Thank you for visiting the Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online.
Please note that the information provided on kmcsonline.com and other related web properties are for informational purposes only.
The information is provided by kmcsonline.com and whilst we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of kmcsonline.com. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Our Website is provided by Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online on an “AS IS” basis.
Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials or products included on the site.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and/or conditions of merchantability or satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Knowledge Marketing Company & SEO Online does not warrant that the site, or the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful components.
SUBSCRIBE
LATEST POST
5 Conversion Rate Formulas You Must Know
10+ Marketing Tips the You Need To Grow Your Law Practice
3 tips for online marketing for Chiropractors
SEO tips for law firms
GET IN TOUCH
Copyright © 2018 Tyler Lockett Jersey Privacy Policy