http://www.netcetera.co.uk/about/privacy/
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the
information that we collect about you lawfully.
Data Protection Act Registration No: N001671
This privacy policy sets out how Netcetera uses and protects any personal information that you give Netcetera when you use our website.
Netcetera is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Netcetera may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st January 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Credit card details for recurring credit card payments only
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant for customer surveys and/or offers
We do not store credit card cards for PayPal customers.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information that we think you may find interesting using the email address that you have provided.
Should you opt in we may use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or post. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Opting out of Marketing Communications
You can opt out at any time of our marketing communications using any of the following methods:
Use the unsubscribe link in any marketing email
Inform any member of the Netcetera team that you would prefer not to receive any marketing emails or phone
Email support@netcetera.co.uk asking to be removed from any marketing communications
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The Netcetera website uses SSL/TLS encryption to keep personal information private. However, data sent by other unencrypted methods, including email, may not be secure. Therefore, Netcetera cannot accept responsibility for loss of data that is beyond its control.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about our web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Google Analytics Tracking
Netcetera uses both Google Analytics to record data on our web site visitors. This data is purely used for internal purposes for monitoring the effectiveness of our marketing, improving our user interfaces and for support purposes only.
This tracking is not compulsory and you can opt out by following these links. https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to allow us to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at dpo@netcetera.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Data Disposal
Netcetera takes data disposal very seriously. Combined with our corporate responsibility policy we will personally shred any paper records. These records will then be passed for recycling by our own contracted cleaning staff.
All electronic media is stored on spinning drives or solid-state media. Should a drive be reused we will ensure the drive is formatted before being inserted into another customer’s server. Should the hard drive have failed the disk will be formatted to destroy any data and then returned to the Supplier for a replacement.
Once a hard drive has reached its end of life we will ship the drive to an authorised disk destruction company. This company uses a method certified by the CESG to IS5 standards for destruction.
Alternatively, should the customer be reluctant for this to happen we can offer for the failed drive to be shipped to the customer. In this case Netcetera may charge a fee for the replacement drive.
Although Netcetera can handle physical electronic data that has been supplied by a customer we prefer to have all data sent electronically via a secure method like HTTPS, SFTP or FTPS.
Should a customer supply data physically we recommend this be delivered in person to avoid being lost or intercepted. Netcetera does not hold any responsibility should this information be lost in transit.
Social Media Content
Netcetera does not control the content on these platforms and we are not responsible for how it is shared across platforms. However, we may share content ourselves and will abide by the relevant platforms own Terms and Conditions.
Accessing your Information
Should you wish a copy of the data we hold on you please send an email to dpo@netcetera.co.uk or by writing to Data Protection Officer, Netcetera, The Dataport, Ballasalla, Isle of Man IM9 2AP.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Updated May 2018
About usNetcetera is a premier Service Provider that offers Domain Names, Managed Hosting, Cloud Services, Dedicated Server Hosting and Datacentre Colocation.We specialise in personalized, flexible solutions with an industry reputation for reliability, support, and customer success. NewsletterSubscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and deals! Latest Blog Latest Tweet! Our #BlackFriday deals are here and they're better than ever! If you want to buy domains, this deal is perfect for… https://t.co/k3Te9nzdGB
Reviews
Netcetera is rated 4.2/5 stars by Reviews.co.uk based on 59 merchant reviews
Help & Support 03330 439780 Live Chat Open Ticket Support Site Knowledge Base System Status UptimeAboutAffiliatesReviewsSearch SiteSite MapLoginSignupServices Home Domain Names Web Hosting Cloud Hosting Dedicated Servers Datacentre Colocation Solutions OffersContact us Telephone Open Ticket Login Live Chat EMail www.netcetera.co.ukWe accept     Copyright ©1996-2020 Netcetera ® - All Rights Reserved. Prices exclude VAT @ 20% Privacy Policy | Terms | AUP | Complaints |
W3C Valid | CSS