https://www.awddesign.co.uk/legal/privacy.php
0208 707-5660
Login
Webmail
Toggle navigation
Home
Web Design
Web Design
4 Page Web Design
6 Page Web Design
9 Page Web Design
15 Page Web Design
Web Hosting
Web Hosting
Domain Names
Web Hosting Features
Hosting Data Center
Spam Mail Protection
Free Script Solutions
Control Panel
Portfolio
Awd Group
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AWD DESIGN is committed to protecting your privacy. That's because we base our business on the trust you place in us. The information we collect is gathered to ensure secure ordering and to provide a more personalized shopping experience.
How much information must you share?
The amount of information we collect depends on you. We collect information needed for secure ordering and customizing your experience.
IP address
- We use IP addresses to measure our site traffic and to help provide a relevant shopping experience. Your IP address is not linked to your customer information.
Referral site - If you come to our site via a link, the location of the referral is captured. This is used to help us know where our users come from.
Browser type - This information is captured to help us optimize our site to match the latest technology used by our customers.
Movements through our site - We keep track of pages you visit to help us provide a more personalized and relevant shopping experience.
Purchase product online from awddesign.co.uk
Name, address and payment information, although credit card and PO numbers may be phoned in as an alternative.
Subscribe to e-mail newsletter
You must create an E-Account in order to subscribe to our e-mail newsletter.
E-mail a link to product information to a friend/colleague "Send to Friend"
E-mail address of your friend/colleague and your e-mail address.
Receive a catalog
Name, address and phone number.
Contest entries, surveys and other registrations
Name, e-mail and phone number, but varies by promotion or purpose.
Is your information used for any other purpose?
We require only the personal information that is needed for safely processing your online order and for contacting you about your transactions. It is used exclusively for that purpose. If you become a AWDDESIGN.CO.UK customer, you may receive mailings from your account information and your account information may be analyzed as part of our standard business practices.
Will your information be given to any other party?
Your personal information is not shared with any other party.
Do you purchase information about your customers from other companies?
We do not purchase any personal customer information. The company information we purchase includes size of company, number of employees and annual sales. This is used for customizing the user experience online and for supplementing our internal sales information.
What about e-mail?
When you purchase online from AWDDESIGN.CO.UK, we will contact you by e-mail to confirm your order and to update you on the status of your order. If you entered a contest at AWDDESIGN.CO.UK, you may receive a follow-up e-mail. This is the only e-mail you will receive from such entries.
Customer satisfaction
AWDDESIGN.CO.UK is committed to providing all customers with a world-class experience. In order to measure how well we are doing and to better understand how we can continually improve our product offerings and our ability to meet your unique requirements, from time-to-time we may contact you by phone or e-mail and solicit your participation in research. Your participation is voluntary and you may request to remove yourself from future efforts of this kind.
NOTE:
Your accounts manager may occasionally send you promotional or product information. In addition, AWDDESIGN.CO.UK may, on occasion, send you updates on important information about our company and services. If you do not wish to receive such e-mails, simply let your accounts manager know.
Who can see your account information?
Only authorized sales, customer service and accounting personnel are permitted access to your account information. Employees who violate our privacy pledge will be subject to our normal disciplinary process. Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services, we will require them to conform to our privacy pledge and to allow us to audit them for compliance.
What if you change how you use my information?
If we change how we use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting notice of the change to this site.
What about cookies?
We use cookies as a way to give you better service. They personalize your shopping experience and they help identify you. You will need to set your browser to accept cookies if you wish to add items to a shopping cart. Information collected or stored via cookies includes purchases; log in data, and pricing level. This information is kept in a secured area within AWDDESIGN.CO.UK.
How do you give us feedback?
Simply click here to send us feedback via e-mail. Please note that feedback given in this manner becomes property of AWDDESIGN.CO.UK and may be used for promotional purposes. If you prefer not to have your comments used in this manner, simply use your own e-mail to send a message to webmaster. Or you can indicate your preference at the top of your message.
A special note about promotions:
If you elect to enter any contests or other promotions related to AWDDESIGN.CO.UK please note that, by entering, you are giving your permission to use your information for promotional purposes.
Security
As required by under UK data protection laws, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given to us, to prevent unauthorised access. We use industry standard technology to encrypt your personal information. However, the Internet is not a secure environment and we cannot guarantee the security of any information which you send to us.
Access rights
You have a right to access the personal data that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please e-mail Here.
There is a £19.00 charge to "Awd Design" to cover our administration costs.
When contacting us, please state your name, postal address and mobile phone number and provide brief details of the information that you require.
Contacting Us
If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments on our privacy practices, please send an e-mail by going here Contact Us
This page was last modified on: Thursday 16th of April 2015 (GMT)
Legal Menu
All Legal Documents relating to Awd Design and its Services.
Legal Notices
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Spam Policy
Disclaimer
Hosting Terms & Conditions
Web Design Terms & Conditions
Domain Registration Agreement
Payments We Accept
Hosting Services
Compare Hosting
Bronze Hosting
Silver Hosting
Gold Hosting
Platinum Hosting
Useful Links
Web Design
Web Hosting
Portfolio
Awd Group
Contact us
Contact Us
Awd Design
London, UK
Phone: 0208 707-5660
Mob: 0795 637-9033
Email: info@awddesign.co.uk
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 Awd Design All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Terms & Conditions |
Site Map