http://www.freegraphics.com/privacy.html
CLICK HERE
to Email this site
to a friend!
FreeGraphics.com Privacy Policy
Link to FreeGraphics.com
Why Sites Get Rejected
Privacy Statement
This is the web site of FreeGraphics.com.
FreeGraphics.com can be reached via e-mail at
webmaster@freegraphics.com
For each visitor to this Web page, the Web server automatically recognizes no
information regarding the e-mail address.
This site does collect aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit and
information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or
site registrations.
The information collected is used for internal review and is then
discarded, used to improve the content of the web site and not shared with
other organizations for commercial or any other purposes.
When you supply your name and/or e-mail address when registering to access
any of the interactive services on this site, that data is not gathered for any
other use than to identify you when you access those services.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Our site does not use cookies.
However, some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or
control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
Advertisers
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by the ad companies,
and we do not have access to this information. We work with Google Adsense. Please check their website for their privacy policy.
###
FreeGraphics.com
Home
Graphics Archive
Free Graphics Tools
Create 3D Text
Fun Stuff
Coloring Pages
Animal Wallpaper
Dollhouse Miniatures
Housekeeping
About this Site
Link to Us
Distance Learning
PLEASE NOTE: Yes, these sites all have
free graphics (you pay no money), but some do have
usage restrictions such as requiring a link back to their
site and different restrictions for personal vs. commercial
use.
Be sure to read the usage requirements at each site
as they vary greatly.
©1998 - 2011 FreeGreaphics.com, All Rights Reserved.
webmaster@freegraphics.com