http://www.epic.org/privacy/surveillance/testimony_061302.html
TESTIMONY OF MARC ROTENBERG,
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR,
ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER (EPIC), DC JOINT PUBLIC OVERSIGHT HEARING
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY ON PUBLIC WORKS AND THE ENVIRONMENT CITY COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Thursday, June 13, 2002
Madam Chairwoman, members of the DC City Council,
thank you for the opportunity to testify today at this Joint Oversight Hearing
on the proposed video surveillance plans of the Metropolitan Police Department.
I appear before you today in both a professional and personal capacity. As
Executive Director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), I
work on a wide range of privacy issues concerning new technology. I have taught
Information Privacy Law at Georgetown University Law Center for more than
a decade. I served as Counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee after law
school and focused on new technology issues. I also served on the ABA Criminal
Justice Committee that developed guidelines for Technology Assisted Physical
Surveillance (TAPS) specifically addressing the question of the use of video
surveillance cameras by the police. Finally, I have also lived in Washington
for almost twenty years. My wife, a former economist, is now a public school
teacher here in the District and our children are in the DC public school
system. We have a strong personal commitment to the city, the schools, and
our community.      Let me now thank you and the members of the
DC City Council for your efforts to create a legal framework for the use of
video surveillance in Washington, DC. No other city has looked so closely
at how best to regulate this new technology. I commend you, Councilmember
Patterson, for your important work on this issue. It is clear that the deployment
of a video surveillance system in Washington is a matter of great public concern.      First, the use of surveillance cameras in Washington,
DC raises far-reaching Constitutional questions that implicate the rights
of residents and visitors, and most significantly people who engage in peaceful
public protest in our Nation's capital.      Second, the benefits of video surveillance
systems as a means to reduce crime and deter terrorism have been significantly
overstated. Studies from London and Sydney make clear that the value of cameras
is overstated and that money is better spent on officers than on cameras.
Moreover, the particular effort to promote the use of face recognition technology
may be one of the biggest corporate boondoggles in recent history, costing
taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars with little benefit in return.      Third, the proposed guidelines of the Metropolitan
Police Department fail to provide adequate protection for residents and visitors
in Washington, DC. The rules take too restrictive a view of the expectation
of privacy and First Amendment protected activities. The proposed system of
public surveillance lacks adequate means of independent oversight. The reporting
requirements are vague, the policy on usage and retention is insufficient,
the definitions are too narrow and the auditing is too limited.      If a system of video surveillance is established
in Washington, DC, there must be a far more robust legal framework than the
one currently before the City Council. The use of electronic surveillance
is highly regulated in this country under both federal and state law. The
use of video surveillance, which would sweep far more broadly across innocent
activity, must be regulated at least as stringently as surveillance of electronic
communications. This will require judicial review, public reporting, rules
for minimization, and clearer restrictions on the use of any information obtained.      Fourth, I strongly urge you to consider the
creation of an independent commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the
plans and to review these proposals on an ongoing basis. Many cities around
the world are considering whether to adopt CCTV systems. Washington could
help bring the principles of democracy, transparency, and public participation
to this significant challenge. I. USE OF SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS IMPLICATES CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS      Some have stated that the legal question concerning
video cameras in public spaces is simply whether one has a reasonable expectation
of privacy in a public place. I believe that this perspective fundamentally
misstates the Constitutional interests at stake in this debate.      There is no dispute that the police have a
critical role in protecting public safety in the Nation's capital. This is
particularly true when a large number of people are gathered for political
protest. Protesters, as well as residents and tourists, have an interest in
ensuring that public assemblies are peaceful and do not endanger persons or
property.      I want to be clear that this concern about
surveillance of Constitutionally protected activity is more than theoretical.
Shortly after EPIC learned of the plan to install video cameras in public
places, we submitted a series of Freedom of Information Act to several agencies
in the District. A response that we received from the United States Park Police,
attached to this statement, is particularly revealing.      The documents that we obtained contain individual
logs of the aerial surveillance conducted by the DC Municipal Police. I would
like to call your attention to the activities of surveillance by the MPD.
On October 16, 2000, aerial surveillance was undertaken by the United
States Park Police of the National Mall of the Million Family March.
On January 22, 2002, aerial surveillance was conducted by the Park Police
of the pro-life demonstration to the Supreme Court.
On that same day, aerial surveillance of the pro-life demonstration was
conducted by the FBI.
On January 20, 2001 the Metropolitan Police Department conducted aerial
surveillance of the demonstration activity at 7th and Pennsylvania Avenue
during the Presidential inaugural parade.
On January 18, 2001 aerial surveillance was conducted by the MPD of "demonstration
activity." The Park Police "provided downlink photos of coffins/demonstrators."
Although all of these incidents implicate Constitutional matters, the last
example may be the most significant because it makes clear that video surveillance
is specifically undertaken of individuals engaged in political protest. This
clearly implicates Constitutionally protected freedoms.      It is also clear that aerial surveillance is
increasing. Many of the records we obtained concerned the recent protests
in April of this year.
On April 20, 2002, the Metropolitan Police Department conducted a "downlink
video of demonstration activity" at Connecticut and Florida.
On April 22, 2002, the United States Park Police conducted surveillance
of demonstrators.
On April 22, 2002 the Metropolitan Police Department provided a "downlink
of MPD Command Center w/demonstrators."
There will be serious Constitutional questions
that arise when images obtained by the police are used in trial against a
criminal defendant. Particularly with a technology where it is so easy to
manipulate images and so difficult to ensure the integrity of a digital file,
very clear rules for retention, chain of custody, and use must be established. II. THE BENEFITS OF CAMERAS HAVE BEEN OVERSTATED      I'd like to make a few remarks about the value
of CCTV to protect public safety. Here again, I would like to provide a bit
of perspective on these issues. There is no doubt that technologies and certain
common sense practices reduce crime. Locking car doors, for example, is a
simple and effective practice that dramatically reduces the risk of car theft.
In the realm of criminal investigation, fingerprint identification continues
to play a critical role in crime scene investigations.      But the benefits of CCTV and particularly face
recognition technology that may soon follow have been dramatically overstated.
A far-reaching study by Dr. Clive Norris and Gary Armstrong of the Centre
for Criminology and Criminal Justice at Hull University, "The Unforgiving
Eye: CCTV Surveillance in Public Spaces" found that:
The gaze of the cameras do not fall equally on all users of the street
but on those who are stereotypical predefined as potentially deviant, or
through appearance and demeanor are singled out by operators as unrespectable.
In this way youth, particularly those already socially and economically
marginal, may be subject to even greater levels of authoritative intervention
and official stigmatization, and rather than contributing to social justice
through the reduction of victimization, CCTV will merely become a tool of
injustice through the amplification of differential and discriminatory policing.
(P. 8)
According to a second study in Sydney, the
CCTV system produced one arrest in 160 days. The study concluded, "Before
limited resources are spent on surveillance cameras, close attention must
be paid to the claimed benefits."      Even the study conducted by Booz Allen of the
National Capital Area raised significant questions about the value of CCTV.
A report titled "Counter-Terrorism Plan for National Park Service, National
Capital Region", obtained by EPIC under the Freedom of Information Act,
stated that:
the most effective countermeasure available to the NPS is the beat officer.
No computer or other technological device can replace the human officer
whose perceptual system and brain far exceed any other device in coming
to a logical analytic and conclusion concerning a potential terrorist situation.
(p. vii)
The report goes on to recommend integrated
detection, monitoring and surveillance, including CCTV, which would "allow
surveillance of multiple memorials and sites simultaneously," but then
goes on to note that "CCTV will not replace the need for an officer to
view and assess the situation."      This report, which is the most comprehensive
survey of counter-terrorism measures for the national Capital that has been
released to the public to date make clear that, at best, CCTV will be only
a partial solution to any steps that are taken to safeguard the National Parks
and memorials. III. Review of the Proposed changes to the DC Code      I will now go through the specific provisions
in the proposed changes in the DC Code and point to the areas where changes
should be made. PURPOSE (Section 2500)      At the outset, the purpose of the Metropolitan
Police Department Use of Closed Circuit Television is not clearly stated.
Sect. 2500. Instead we are told that the MPD has deployed a CCTV system "within
the Synchronized Operation Command Complex (SOCC) that are highly secured
and protected against unauthorized access." This is troubling. What is
the purpose of the camera system? It should be stated at the outset. And regarding
the MPD's representations that the network is secure, we understand that many
of the cameras operate on a wireless feed, which raise obvious security problems.      The statement that the MPD shall comply with
federal and district law is a good starting point but hardly answers the question
of what precisely the MPD will do. Sect. 2500.2. Is the MPD aware that the
use of audio recording in conjunction with CCTV necessarily triggers the federal
wiretap statute? A better formulation of this section would include the specific
provisions of law that are currently applicable, as well as acknowledgement
of any other provisions that may also apply. POLICY (Section 2501)      The Policy statements that follow, such as
the "CCTV systems represent a valid use of government's power to protect
its citizens and will be utilized to enhance public safety" read more
like a press release than a finding of fact or a statement of purposes. Sect.
2501.2. Specifically, I am not aware that a legislative determination has
been made that the use of CCTV "represents a valued use of government
power" and I do not believe that anyone can assure the city that the
system will be used only to enhance public safety. On this particular point,
if the lessons of London are clear, it is more accurate to suggest that the
use of CCTV will be to extend social and political control over the people
who work, live, and visit Washington, DC.      Sect. 2501.3 suggests that the CCTV proposal
may be as much about perception management as it is about actual crime reduction.
One would not dispute the aim of preventing crime, but to see that the CCTV
systems are also intended to augment the District's efforts to prevent "fear
of crime" suggests that plan is very much about public perception. This
approach raises a particular problem on the evaluation side: how does one
evaluate the success of a CCTV system? Let us imagine that crime has gone
up after CCTV is installed but the public, perhaps aided by an effective public
relations campaign, believes that the cameras have helped deter crime. How
do we evaluate the system under the standard set out by the proposed provision
in the DC Code?      Section 2501.4 should make clear that the system
should not be used where it would chill First Amendment freedoms.      Section 2501.5, which permits the MPD to obtain
video feeds from public and private entities, authorizes a general purpose
search without judicial review that flatly contradicts the intent of the Fourth
Amendment. Should the police be able to obtain a real-time transfer of the
banking transactions conducted by a customer at an ATM machine on Connecticut
Ave.? Of course not. Then what could be the basis to allow a video feed of
the same conduct without judicial approval?      If the City Council approves this provision,
and I urge you not to, then there must be very elaborate systems of public
oversight and judicial review. There is also no indication in section 2502
of the limitations on duration. This is clearly necessary. USAGE (Section 2503)      The section on Usage, section 2503, is possibly
the most critical section of the new chapter. Sect. 2503.1 correctly prevents
the use of CCTV to target individuals on a discriminatory fashion. But 2503.2
goes on to say that the CCTV system should be used to observe "locations
that are in public view where there is no reasonable expectation of privacy."      Here a critical point must be made -- the expectation
of privacy is dependent on the nature of the observation. A person sitting
on a bench during lunchtime reading a newspaper near the reflecting pool on
the Mall is certainly aware that they may be viewed by others who pass nearby,
but does anyone really believe that this person expects to be observed by
a hidden camera 50 yards away, or that as they read the newspaper with no
one in sight, that several people could be observing the person from a television
monitor in the SOCC? This is the critical flaw in the expectation of privacy
analysis set out in the new chapter: the diminished expectation of privacy
associated with the presence of others in one's physical vicinity cannot become
the standard for hi-powered CCTV system that covertly observes, monitors and
records activities for observation by others that cannot be seen and are not
known to the subject.      Such an approach to the expectation of privacy
analysis confuses the subjective expectation of the observed with the technological
prowess of the observer. It is contrary to the legal analysis and it will
set the District on a downward spiral that will transform our wonderful public
spaces into broad-based zones of surveillance.      Section 2503.3 seeks to protect First Amendment
rights, but it focuses on the wrong subject. It is not the handbills or fliers
that have First Amendment rights, it is the individuals participating in peaceful
public protest that have these rights. Section 2503.3 must be altered so as
to make clear that CCTV will not focus on the faces of the individuals, that
is to say the identity of the individuals, without indication of an actual
threat to public safety. Any other standard makes a mockery of this provision.
Said differently, if a hundred thousand people participate in a pro-life march
how are their First Amendment freedoms protected if the signs they carry are
not observed but their faces, and the faces of their friends and children
who may join them in protest, are observed and recorded? PROCEDURAL GUIDELINES (Section 2504)      Section 2504 is far too vague. There must be
explicit documentation requirements and a clear format for reporting, similar
section 2518 of the federal wiretap act. The names of the person conducting
the recording should be noted as well as the period of record, the use, and
the disposition of any data obtained. RETENTION (Section 2505)      The retention provisions in section 2505 lack
the fundamental requirement of independent judicial review. In the federal
wiretap context, it would not be left to the police to determine whether to
extend the period of an authorized wiretap. Such approval would be obtained
from the judiciary. Most critically, this is nothing here that limits continual
extension of the data retention period by the chief of police. That can not
be right.      There must be a provision that makes clear
that in no case may retention be extended beyond 30 days without court approval.
Moreover, the indexing provision contemplated in 2505.1 raises privacy concerns
if the index is linked to identifiable individuals. In those circumstances,
both federal and state law will limit the collection, use, and disclosure
of the records maintained. PUBLIC NOTIFICATION (Section 2507)      I fully support the effort in section 2507
to notify a community about the decision to deploy cameras in residential
areas and to provide the community with the opportunity to comment on the
plan. But for community input to be meaningful, the notice has to be made
widely available, the full capabilities of the system publicized, and final
decisions subject to judicial approval. Moreover, a time period must be specified
for the camera installation, otherwise we can simply anticipate that over
time, more and more camera systems will be deployed across Washington. Specifically,
in section 2507.8 the MPD must provide the exact capabilities of the CCTV
systems, their precise location, and their use in departmental operations,
absent a specific and articulable reason on a case-by-case basis why such
information should not provided. How else does a parent know when they kiss
their child in the morning at the front door of their home whether their action
will be viewed and recorded by a police camera across the street? And if there
are going to be video cameras in residential neighborhoods in the District
(and that is an issue that residents must carefully consider) the standards
for the use of video cameras in residential neighborhoods must clearly be
higher than they are in places of public gathering.      Regarding the signal provision in 2507.9, a
mere notice provides no privacy protection. In fact, it will defeat claims
of privacy. A far better approach is to provide a means for residents and
visitors to contact an independent commission if the believe that the cameras
have been misused or are inappropriate. There should be an 800 number to call,
unrelated to the MPD, that allows individuals to register complaints about
the presence of the cameras and that should be included on any sign regarding
video surveillance in the Nation's capital.      The reporting requirements suggested in 2507.10
and 2507.11 should be far more specific. The annual report should indicate
locations of camera, periods of operation, whether recording occurred, the
purpose of the recording, the disposition of the tape, the officer in charge,
and some evaluation of whether the camera promoted public safety according
to scientific procedure and by comparison to other jurisdictions. AUDITS (Section 2508)      The outcome of the audits described in 2508.1
should be made easily accessible to the public, perhaps by posting on the
Council of the District of Columbia website. DEFINITIONS (Section 2509)      The definitions set out in 2599 are far too
narrow. For example, in this context, CCTV should mean any CCTV system deployed
by the MPD or any other agency of the District of the Columbia or any person
acting on behalf of the MPD or any agency of the District of Columbia. The
definition for exigent circumstances should also make clear that it exists
when it is impracticable to comply with the regulations and should, in any
event, be limited in time to 48 hours. CONCLUSION
The DC City Council has begun a very important
effort to bring the use of new surveillance technology within the rule of
law. This is critically important for the protection of privacy and I want
to thank you for your efforts.      But the proposed revisions will need to go
much further to comply with Constitutional requirements, to safeguard the
rights of residents, the people who work in Washington, and those who visit
our nation's capital.      The District of Columbia is beginning the process
of building a system of hi-tech police surveillance for a city that has long
cherished freedom. I urge you to proceed with great caution. REFERENCES EPIC, Video Surveillance Information Page
www.epic.org/privacy/surveillance/ The Observing Surveillance Site
www.observingsurveillance.org CONTACT
Marc Rotenberg, Executive Director
Electronic Privacy Information Center
1718 Connecticut Ave., NW, Suite 200
Washington, DC 20009
1 202 483 1140 (tel)
1 202 483 1248 (fax)
www.epic.org