http://www.netregistry.com.au/domain-names/domain-privacy/
Looking to build a website?
Download our free checklist to make sure you've thought about everything!
Download Checklist
Netregistry, helping Australian businessess succeed online for over 20 years.
Download your website launch checklist
Manage My Domain
Domain Transfer
Domain Renewal
Domain Protection
Domain Privacy
Domain Privacy
Protect your identity online and retain complete control of your domain.
What is Domain Privacy?
When you register a domain name with any provider, your details (name, address, email and phone number) are automatically added to a public WHOIS directory. This is a regulatory requirement for anyone who registers their domain. With Domain Privacy you can hide your personal information from public view, protecting you from spammers, data miners and marketers to reduce unsolicited phone calls and emails.
Prevent spam
Domain Privacy masks your business details, minimising unsolicited calls and emails from people using the public directory.
Easy to manage
Once you have Domain Privacy set up with us, you can turn on your service anytime.
Protect your online identity
Perfect for growing businesses who have a home office. Domain Privacy keeps all your personal contact details private.
Hide your domain registration info
We take your privacy and protection seriously. Protect your personal details from being publicly listed in the WHOIS directory and let us be your proxy. With domain privacy services, we will list our details on the WHOIS directory to restrict any public access to your name, company name, phone number, home or business address and email. If someone wants to get in touch with you about your domain, we will net the call and screen it before contacting you to ensure you’re not bothered by anything trivial.
Get Domain Privacy
Was $
only
$11.95
/year*
Add to cart
Remain anonymous
Anyone can perform a WHOIS lookup on most domains. Domain Privacy hides your personal contact information from public view, replacing it with the privacy service details as a proxy. This keeps your personal information private and protects it from being shared to the public.
Prevent domain-related spam
Spammers, data miners and marketers often use the public directory to extract private details, like your name, address, phone number and email. Domain Privacy masks the contact information you submitted with your domain registration, minimising unsolicited calls and emails from people using the public directory.
Easy to activate and manage
Domain Privacy is easy to manage through your Netregistry account after purchase. You can turn the service on or off at any time, so you have complete control over when your information is public and when it’s private.
Note: Those who are a resident in the EU will be covered by the GDPR and will not need Domain Privacy.
Domain Privacy protects your domain ID
Take a look at the example below. To the left, a typical, publicly-available WHOIS registration.
To the right, a secure WHOIS registration, with protection from the Domain Privacy service.
Supported by the best
We're here to help. Got any questions?
Call 1300 638 734 or enquire below
* Per domain.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Privacy policy.