http://www.aspectsecurity.com/en_gl/news/2020/09/ey-announces-an-alliance-with-uipath-to-help-businesses-drive-hyperautomation
Skip to the content
EY Homepage
Search
Close search
See all results in Search Page
No results have been found
Recent searches
(container)
See all results for
Topics
General
People
Trending
Will your digital investment strategy go from virtual to reality?
2 Dec 2020
Digital
What elevated levels of political risk mean for business in 2021
9 Dec 2020
Geostrategy
Are you running an analogue supply chain for a digital economy?
23 Nov 2020
Supply chain
Who we are
What we do
What we think
Work with us
Our locations
COVID-19
Select your location
Change
No search results have been found
Local sites
Connect with us
My EY log in
Welcome to EY Global (EN)
You are visiting EY Global (EN)
Press release
15 Sep 2020
London, GB
EY announces an alliance with UiPath to help businesses drive hyperautomation
LONDON, 15 SEPTEMBER 2020. EY today announces an alliance between UiPath, the leading enterprise robotic process automation (RPA) software company, and Ernst & Young LLP (EY US), to help businesses implement hyperautomation at scale.
Press contact
Joanna Hardy
Joanna Hardy
Assistant Director, Global Media Relations and Social Media, Global Alliances and Acquisitions; Global Innovation, Technology and Solutions, Ernst & Young LLP
Media relations and social media professional. Runner, traveler, fitness enthusiast, news connoisseur and lover of puns.
email
LinkedIn
Twitter
Related topics
Alliances
Technology
Link copied
Alliance provides broad automation strategy, assets and implementation support services
Drives business value through operating and business model enhancements
EY today announces an alliance between UiPath, the leading enterprise robotic process automation (RPA) software company, and Ernst & Young LLP (EY US), to help businesses implement hyperautomation at scale. The alliance has also been established with the respective EY member firms in Romania, India and Australia, with further global expansion planned in the future.
The EY Transformation Realized framework, an EY approach to help companies enhance their ability to adapt and drive value, brings tangible benefits to clients by placing humans at the center and providing technology at speed to scale innovation. As a leading provider of broad intelligent automation (IA) consulting services, EY teams provide industry-leading IA strategy and implementation support services across the globe with robust sector and process knowledge, to help clients generate long-term value. Together, with UiPath’s market-leading hyperautomation platform, EY teams will help businesses create an effective digital workforce using automation to not only do things differently – better, faster and cheaper, but also to do different things – allowing organizations to accomplish new tasks not previously possible without automation.
According to a recent study, “Gartner predicts 69% of routine work currently done by managers will be fully automated by 2024.”1 This dramatic growth in the adoption of RPA, as well as artificial intelligence (AI) technologies such as machine learning, virtual agents, natural language processing and computer vision, helps companies unlock new levels of efficiency and effectiveness, as well as drive digital transformation. In addition, as businesses reframe their future amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, organizations that have reached scale with automation efforts have experienced the resilience of the digital workforce while their global human workforce was suddenly and significantly disrupted.
The UiPath hyperautomation platform, and EY teams’ IA methodology with reusable assets and accelerators, can help businesses achieve consistent and successful delivery of IA at the pace of hyperautomation. In addition, the alliance will assist organizations to implement hyperautomation at scale across complex global processes to achieve greater levels of business transformation.
Specifically, the EY-UiPath Alliance encompasses IA strategy, automation operating model development, opportunity discovery, IA technology design and development, and postproduction IA managed services. Leveraging these capabilities, businesses can effectively adopt RPA and other IA platforms that help drive significant return on investment, mitigate risk and improve resiliency, while also improving customer and employee satisfaction.
Jeff Aldridge, EY Americas Intelligent Automation Leader, says:
“Automation is key to driving digital transformation and staying relevant in an increasingly competitive landscape. As one of the largest providers of UiPath implementation services for EY clients and the largest UiPath customer, based on our internal use of the UiPath platform, we are confident that we are aligning with a trusted and reliable RPA leader. Across industries, companies can leverage the combination of EY and UiPath to scale their automation programs, and benefit from operational cost reduction, improved process effectiveness and increased customer and employee engagement.”
Eddie O’Brien, Senior Vice President Operations and Partners, UiPath, says:
“Advancing automation to help organizations become faster and more agile is the core of our brand. Aligning our hyperautomation platform with EY allows us to enhance our offerings for customers by layering IA strategy and implementation services with our trusted and leading solutions. Together, we are elevating the value of RPA and IA across all business sectors and helping companies recognize the power and benefits of integrating hyperautomation.”
For more information, visit ey.com/en_gl/alliances.
-ends-
Notes to editors
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, strategy and transactions and consulting services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. Information about how EY collects and uses personal data and a description of the rights individuals have under data protection legislation is available via ey.com/privacy. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
This news release has been issued by EYGM Limited, a member of the global EY organization that also does not provide any services to clients.
Source: Gartner Press Release, Gartner Predicts 69% of Routine Work Currently Done by Managers will Be Fully Automated by 2024, published January 23, 2020
Related news
Show more
Show less
Previous
Next
Connect with us
Our locations
My EY
Site map
Legal and privacy
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
EY | Assurance | Consulting | Strategy and Transactions | Tax
About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, consulting, strategy and transactions, and tax services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical role in building a better working world for our people, for our clients and for our communities.
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.
© 2020 EYGM Limited. All Rights Reserved.
EYG/OC/FEA no.
ED MMYY
This material has been prepared for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as accounting, tax, or other professional advice. Please refer to your advisors for specific advice.
Welcome to EY.com
In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, Advertising/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties with whom we execute advertising campaigns and allow us to provide you with advertisements relevant to you,  Social media cookies, which allow you to share the content on this website on social media like Facebook and Twitter.
You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the privacy policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website.
Review our cookie policy for more information.
Customize cookies
I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies