https://www.objectiflune.com/en/privacy
Privacy Policy
At Objectif Lune, we understand the importance of privacy and we are very responsive to the protection of personal information. This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you of our commitment in that matter. This policy applies to any information you can submit to the website so please read it carefully. It contains the following provisions:
Acceptance of the Privacy policy
Changes to the Privacy Policy
IP addresses and cookies
Use of non-personal information
Submission of personal information
Protection of personal information
Use of personal information
Promotions, contests and surveys
Interactive discussion
Linked sites
Disclosure of information
Accuracy of information
Removal of information
Notice to European users
Disclaimers
1. Acceptance of the Privacy policy
Each time you use the website, you signify your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the Privacy Policy described herein. If you are using the website on behalf of your employer, you represent that you are authorized to accept the Privacy Policy on its behalf. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, or if you are not authorized to agree to and accept the Privacy Policy on behalf of your employer, do not access or use the website.
2. Changes to the Privacy Policy
Objectif Lune reserves the right to make changes to the Privacy Policy without notifying you. The most current version of the policy can be reviewed by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link located at the bottom of our web pages. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes. Please note that Objectif Lune will always use your personal information according to the Privacy Policy effective at the time such information was provided.
3. Permission-based web tracking technologies
Like most other websites, Objectif Lune automatically collects information regarding website users like their IP address, the IP address of their Internet provider, the date and time of their access, and so. We also use a Web Tracking solution from Click Dimension. The ClickDimensions solution uses a first party cookie to track visitor activity on our web sites.
Objectif
Lune uses this information
to administer the website and to gather broad demographic information to create anonymous statistics. It also helps Objectif Lune to better understand what you are seeking on the website, and, in the end, to improve it. Objectif Lune uses cookies to facilitate the use of the website and to keep track of usage services or links provided on the website.
If you fill out a web form on this site your information will be stored in our CRM system and some amount of your past browsing on this site may be available to our staff to determine your interests so we may more effectively engage with you and so we may improve our site. If you do not wish for us to have your personal information please do not fill out any of the web forms on this site. You may set your browser to decline cookies, by using private browsing settings. Although in most cases you may refuse cookies and still fully navigate our website, access or use of certain parts of the website may not be possible without the use of cookies
4. Use of non-personal information
Objectif Lune may use non-personal information to compile tracking information reports regarding website user demographics and website traffic patterns. This anonymous data helps Objectif Lune to better understand and know its clientele. That anonymous data may be provided to third parties but never in such a fashion as to identify you personally. None of the tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of a specific user.
5. Submission of personal information
Certain portions of the website may require that you submit personal information, such as your name, title, company name and email address. Others may require you to create an account and submit additional personal information such as telephone number and mailing address.
6. Protection of personal information
The security of your personal information is a high priority for Objectif Lune. We therefore maintain appropriate safeguards and security standards to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. Although Objectif Lune cannot take responsibility for any theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction of data by a third party, Objectif Lune takes all reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law.
7. Use of personal information
Personal information submitted to the website, typically your name, title, company name, address, telephone and email address, may be used to provide the selected services and information, to activate software, to administer contests or promotions, to measure and improve marketing endeavors or to send you information about Objectif Lune and its products. At any time, you can request to opt-out from being contacted by Objectif Lune. Bulk emails sent from Objectif Lune provide a clear unsubscribe link which will immediately remove you from any or all of our mailings as you specify. You can always choose not to provide personal information but by making this choice, Objectif Lune may not be able to provide you with the product, service, or information requested.
8. Promotions, contests and surveys
From time to time, Objectif Lune may run online promotions, contests and surveys (collectively the "Contest"). To participate, you may be asked for personal information that Objectif Lune may use to contact you, if necessary. Objectif Lune may make the results of any survey available to the public without attributing any particular response to specific website users without their express permission. All Contests are subject to specific rules and participation is always voluntary. In some instances, the applicable rules may contain additional or different uses for the information provided by website users who therefore shall make sure to review those rules carefully before entering.
9. Interactive discussion
Certain portions of the website are designed to offer you the opportunity to post information, including, but not limited to, personal information. For example, you may be allowed to post messages on Objectif Lune's newsgroup, or in chat rooms, message boards or mailing lists this website makes available. You must remember that such posted information becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose information about yourself. Objectif Lune may use personal information posted on the website to contact you in the event that an issue or dispute arises about any posted information.
10. Linked sites
For your convenience, the website may contain links or references to third-party Internet sites or resources and business operated by other persons (collectively 'Linked sites'). Linked sites are independent from Objectif Lune and Objectif Lune has no responsibility, liability for or control over the content or the privacy policies and practices of Linked sites. Since their practices may differ from ours, Objectif Lune encourages you to read the privacy statements of Linked sites.
11. Disclosure of information
Objectif Lune does not sell the information submitted by website users to third parties. However, Objectif Lune may share this information with third parties acting on its behalf to provide products and services or to verify and validate information. In such cases, Objectif Lune will use reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information is used in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. Disclosure of information may also be permitted or required by law.
12. Accuracy of information
You can help Objectif Lune maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when there is a change to your name, title, company, address, phone number or email address. To do so, please write to olmarketing@ca.objectiflune.com .
13. Removal of information
You can request that Objectif Lune removes your information from its records. Subject to Objectif Lune's requirements for continued retention of information, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request.
14. Notice to European users
The information entered on the website or otherwise provided to Objectif Lune may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area for purposes of processing by Objectif Lune Inc., a company located in Montréal, Québec, Canada or its subsidiaries located worldwide, including those located in countries which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union. By agreeing to this privacy policy, you consent to the transfer of all information provided to Canada and other countries which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the European Union and to the processing of that information as described in this privacy policy.
15. Disclaimers
Objectif Lune intends to take reasonable precautions to abide by this privacy policy. Nevertheless, in the event that Objectif Lune does not comply with all terms contained in this privacy policy, you agree that by using and submitting information to the website, your sole and exclusive remedy against Objectif Lune will be to have Objectif Lune promptly correct the handling of your information in the future to accord with this privacy policy. In no event shall Objectif Lune be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary loss or damages arising from, connected with, or relating to the website.
Count me in !
Subscribe to our newsletter to get the most
out of your Objectif Lune products and services