https://www.kanguru.com/info/privacy-policy.shtml
View Cart
Home
Products
All Kanguru Products
Secure, Encrypted Flash Drives, Hard Drives & Solid State Drives
KRMC Remote Management
KanguruClone™ Duplicators
Secure Firmware USB Drives
Optical Drives/Blu-ray, DVD Burners
USB Flash Drives, External Drives, DVD / Blu-ray Burners, Windows To Go®
Windows To Go® Mobile WorkSpace
AntiVirus | SSPM & Accessories
Product Information Sheets
Learn More
Learn More About Our Solutions
About AES Hardware Encryption for Secure USB Flash Drives
Secure Solutions for Any Industry
Kanguru USB Drives with Secure Firmware
Kanguru USB Drives with a Physical Write Protect Switch
Customization for Kanguru USB Drives
Kanguru TAA Compliant Products
Partners
Where To Buy Kanguru Products
Our Partners
Resource Center
About Us
Contact Us
Kanguru News
GuruBlog
About Kanguru
Support
Technical Support
Register Your New Product
KRMC Login
Kanguru Privacy Policy
Kanguru Privacy Statement
We at Kanguru recognize the importance of your personal
information and are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Statement describes how Kanguru (referred to collectively
as “Kanguru”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, processes, stores and protects any personal
information shared with us. This Privacy Statement applies to all personal
information collected about you by Kanguru. Any information that is collected
that can be used to identify you when using the Kanguru website or any other
Kanguru controlled web service will only be used in accordance with this
privacy statement.
This policy is effective from
September 1, 2018.
Types of Information We Collect
The information that we
collect includes personal information and non-personal information.
“Personal Information” is any information that can be used to
either directly or indirectly identify you as an individual. This does not apply
to public information that is lawfully made available to the general public through
federal, state or local government records. Personal Information that we
collect may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit card number
We use this personal information so that can provide service
to you. If you decide not to provide certain personal information, or if you
ask us to delete it, we may not be able to provide you with service.
“Non-personal information” is
any information that does not by itself identify you as an individual. This information
includes anonymous information about use of the website including, among other
things, the date and time of the visit, pages of the website visited, path
through the website, IP address, type of browser and operating system used.
Summary
How We Gather Personal Information
How We Gather Non-Personal Information
What We Do With Your Information
Disclosure Of Information
Data Retention
Your Rights
Children's Privacy
Cookie Statement
Types Of Cookies
Opting Out Of Cookies
Changes To Privacy Policy
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy at info@kanguru.com
How We Gather Personal Information
We will not collect personal information unless you
specifically and knowingly disclose it. Personal information is generally
collected when you order Kanguru products, register your product, provide
information on a website, use a web service directly owned by or controlled by
Kanguru, or sign up to receive Kanguru product and service updates. If you
disclose personal information, we will only store and use the information for
as long as needed in order to perform our contractual obligations to you and
fulfill our legal obligations, to run our business efficiently, and to provide
you with improved service.
Product Purchases
When purchasing product through the website, our registration process requires that you provide us with your first and last name, billing and shipping information (which includes your home or other physical address, the name of your city or town, your telephone number, your e-mail address). This may be corporate or personal information depending on the use case.
We use this information to supply you with product. If you choose not to provide your personal information at the point of collection, we will not be able to provide you product through the website.
Product Registration
When you register a Kanguru product,
we may ask for your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, type of
product, serial number, date of purchase, place of purchase or other product-related
information. We use this information to provide support and information and to maintain
a relationship with you. If you choose not to provide this information, you
will not be able to register products on the website; however, you may continue
to use the products.
Personal Contact Information
We gather your contact
information to complete and support purchases from us, to communicate with you
(including, if you have consented, sending marketing communications) and to
comply with any requirements of law. Your personal contact information may be
disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your
transaction, the delivery of your order, or support of your product.
Credit Card Information
When you order any product
through our website or obtain RMA (Returned Merchandise Authorization) service,
you may be required to provide your credit card information including the
credit card number, card security code (also called CVV2, CVC2, CID code),
expiration date and billing address. This information is used to perform our
contract to supply you with products or services and for our legitimate
interest of collecting payments due to us.
Correspondence
If you contact us with feedback,
comments, questions or for any other reason, we may keep records of that
correspondence and collect your personal information for the purpose of
processing your inquiries, responding to your requests, and improving our
service.
Please be aware if you
disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us, you represent
that you have the permission to do so and permit us to use the information in
accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Back to Top
How We Gather Non-Personal Information
We automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable
information each time you visit our website. We may use cookies, tags, server
logs and other technology to acquire or store this information. We collect this
anonymous information so that we may better understand how visitors are using
the website and how we can improve your online experience.
Cookies
Cookies are text files containing
small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when visiting
our website. For information about the cookies we use and the purposes for
which we use them, please read our Cookie Statement.
Log Files
Log files contain information related
to your visit to our website. This includes, but is not limited to: IP
addresses, browser versions and types, internet service providers, pages
visited, entry/exit pages, referring sites, platform types, connection speed,
etc. We use this information to better understand how our visitors are using
the website and to decide how we might better serve our customers.
Navigational Data
As you browse the website, we may
gather technical, usage and navigational data that shows us which pages you visited
and for how long. This information will not reveal your identity or be linked
to you personally. We use this information to improve the website; to comply
with any requirements of law; and for our own internal purposes.
Back to Top
What We Do With Your Information
We use your personal information to provide, improve, and
develop our products and services. We also use your personal information to
communicate with you, and to offer targeted advertisements and services. Kanguru
collects and processes your personal information and non-personal information for
the following purposes:
Providing, improving and developing products and services
We use personal information to
help us improve, and develop products, services, and advertising.  This
includes using personal information for purposes such as data analysis. Such
processing is based on our legitimate interest in offering you products and
services.
Communicating with you
We regularly send product updates
and promotional e-mails as a service to our customers, and to individuals who
have consented to receive such updates and emails. Subject to your prior
express consent, we may use personal information to send you marketing communications
in relation to Kanguru products and services; communicate with you about your
account or transactions; and inform you about our policies and terms. If
you no longer wish to receive communications for marketing purposes, you can
contact us to opt out at any time at  info@kanguru.com.
Offering and measuring targeted advertisements and services
Subject to your prior express
consent, we may use personal information to personalize your experience with
our products and services, and to determine the
effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
If you have provided express consent for us to use your
information in a particular way, you can withdraw your consent at any time by
contacting us.
Back to Top
Disclosure Of Information
We will not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose personal
information that we collect to any third party without notifying you and/or
obtaining your consent, except as expressly set forth in this statement.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information only for as long as
required to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes
of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Your Rights
The right to access – You have the right
to request access to your personal data and to know how your data is being used
after it has been gathered. Kanguru will provide a copy of your personal data,
free of charge and in electronic format if requested.
The right
to be forgotten –Kanguru will
only
store and process personal data for no longer than is necessary for the
purposes for which personal information is processed.  If you are no longer a customer, or if you
withdraw consent to use your personal information, then you have the right to
have your personal information deleted.
The right
to data portability – You have the right to have your personal
information transferred from one service provider to another. Data transfers
will be processed in a commonly used and machine-readable format.
The right to be
informed – You have the
right to be informed before personal information is collected. When
personal information is collected, you will be clearly informed about the
extent of data collection, the basis for processing personal information, how
long data is retained, if data is being transferred to a third-party, and
disclosure of any automated decision-making that is made on a solely
algorithmic basis. You must choose
to opt-in for your personal information to be gathered, and consent must be
given freely rather than implied.
The right to have
information corrected – You have the
right to update your personal information if it is out of date or incomplete or
incorrect.
The right to
restrict processing – You have the
right to request that your personal information is not used for processing.
Please note that restricting the processing of personal information may result
in the inability to provide you service.
The right to
object – You have the
right to deny processing of your personal information for direct marketing
purposes. There are no exemptions to this rule, and any processing must stop as
soon as the request is received.
The right to be
notified – If there has
been a data breach which compromises your personal information, you have the
right to be informed within 72 hours of Kanguru first having become aware of
the breach. However, notification is not required if Kanguru has implemented
appropriate protective measures that render your personal information
unintelligible to any person who is not authorized to access it (e.g.
pseudonymization through encryption).
Back to Top
Children's Privacy
Kanguru’s website complies with the US Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations protecting
children’s privacy on the Internet. We do not allow persons under 18 years of
age to create user accounts. The website does not knowingly collect any personal
information from children under the age of 18.
As a parent or guardian, you have the right to request that
Kanguru remove all personal information pertaining to your child that was
submitted without your consent or by misrepresenting his or her age. At your
request, we will remove such information from our database.
Back to Top
Cookie Statement
This Cookie Statement describes how Kanguru uses cookies on
our websites and online services, and the choices you have.
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information
on web browsers.  Cookies are widely used to store identifiers and other
information on computers and other devices.  We use cookies to provide,
protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content,
offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and optimizing
the website for a better online experience.
Types of Cookies
We describe below the various types of cookies we use and
the purposes they perform.  Please note that the specific cookies we may
use vary depending on the specific websites and services you use.
Essential cookies: These cookies are necessary to
provide you with our websites and services and to enable essential features,
such as providing shopping cart functionality.
Performance and functionality cookies: These
cookies collect information about how you use our websites and services and
allow us to remember the choices you make while browsing.  The information
these cookies collect allows us to optimize our websites and make them easier
for you to use, and does not personally identify you.
Analytics and customization cookies: These
cookies collect information we use to help us understand how our websites and
services are being used and how effective our marketing campaigns are, and to
help us optimize our websites.
Third-party cookies:
You may also encounter cookies on our website and services that are placed by
third parties.  For example, when you buy our products online, our
e-commerce vendor may use cookies and other technologies.  We may also
allow third parties to place cookies on our websites to track information about
your online activities and/or across third-party sites or online services,
including to send you targeted advertisements based on that information. This
Cookie Statement does not apply to cookies or websites that are owned or
operated by third parties.
Opting Out of Cookies
Your browser may provide options that allow you to choose
whether browser cookies are collected and to delete them.  For more
information about these controls and to exercise your cookie preferences, refer
to your browser or device’s help material.  If you choose to reject
cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services.
Changes To Privacy Policy
Kanguru has the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy
at any time. Any changes made to the Privacy Policy will be posted on the
website. We encourage you to periodically check the website for any updates or revisions
to this Privacy Policy. If you object to a change in our Privacy Policy, then
you should contact us regarding your objection.
Back to Top
Kanguru highly respects your privacy. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy please contact us at info@kanguru.com.