http://www.metavr.com/howtobuy/maintenance-policies.html
Skip to main content
Product Maintenance and Technical Support
SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT
Technical support for your VRSG and Terrain Tools software licenses is provided by our software engineers. Software maintenance enables you to install and execute the latest developed software, including all of the currently developed features. When you contact support@metavr.com for technical support, you will be asked to provide the licensed product dongle ID number, as this information will help us better assist you with a response and provide a solution. A software engineer may also request additional information about the software’s operating condition, including certain configuration and log files.
Summary of MetaVR's software maintenance and technical support
Maintenance and technical support includes:
Email response from MetaVR to reports of problems encountered in a software product.
Email and telephone assistance from MetaVR about product installation and use.
Product updates, upgrades, and enhancements to the software that MetaVR generally releases to its customers during the maintenance and support period.
Access to software patches, software updates intended to fix reported errors, and releases of the version of the software product licensed. During the active maintenance period, all software releases for a specific software license are available at no additional cost via download from our FTP site.
Maintenance and technical support are only provided for the current released version of these software products:
Virtual Reality Scene Generator™ (VRSG™)  6.4
Terrain Tools 1.6 for Esri® ArcGIS®
MetaVR provides all maintenance and technical support remotely during its normal business hours. Please contact us if you require onsite technical support or additional training. A new, perpetual use software license of VRSG or Terrain Tools provides for the first year of software maintenance and technical support, at no additional charge. Thereafter, you should consider renewing the maintenance and support coverage to extend the active maintenance period annually. If expired, you will not be able to run software releases issued after the expiration of your software license's maintenance period.
Following the active software maintenance period, you can renew software maintenance and technical support by purchasing directly from MetaVR. This is offered as an annual purchase and the period of performance can be managed to meet your budgetary requirements. Request a quotation for annual software maintenance. Reviving expired software maintenance and technical support will include any pro-rated expired timed from the last date of active maintenance. Additional information, details regarding your specific license and any limitations can be found in our software end user license agreement and by contacting MetaVR sales.
MetaVR makes available use of the VRSG and Terrain Tools software during the purchasing cycle, by providing you a temporary unlock code for your license(s). The temporary date coincides with the expected completion of the purchasing cycle. Upon request, MetaVR will provide a long term authentication license in the form of an unlock code when the amounts associated with the license of the software product and any other services or materials identified in the Purchase Order, are paid in full. The one (1) year period of active software maintenance and technical support for your license(s) begins upon your receipt of the permanent unlock code, but no later than twenty-four (24) months from the initial acceptance of the Purchase Order.
Support for Earlier software versions
With the release of MetaVR VRSG version 6.4, we no longer sell or distribute earlier versions of VRSG. We no longer provide software maintenance and technical support for VRSG versions 3 and 4, or for the retired software products WorldPerfect™ and Metadesic™ Compiler. The warranty period for these software products has expired. Customers of the retired terrain generation products WorldPerfect and Metadesic Compiler must upgrade to the current version of MetaVR’s Terrain Tools for ArcGIS software with the purchase of active software maintenance.
Contact MetaVR sales for more information about your specific license agreement.
Prior to the installation of a new version of a MetaVR software product, removal of the previous version of the product from the system on which the new version will be installed is required.
Hardware has one-year free labor and parts depot for any defective component as a result of normal use. The customer shall pay shipping charges to and MetaVR will pay shipping from the production facility using economy ground service for any returned parts. All returns require prior authorization.
.
EMAIL support@metavr.com
All policies on this page are subject to change without notice.
MetaVR Navigation
Home
Products
VRSG
Overview
What's New
Features
User Interface
Using a 6DOF Controller with VRSG
Using a Gamepad or Joystick with VRSG
Scenario Editor
System Requirements
Terrain Tools
Overview
What's New
System Requirements
3D Models
3D Models Overview
3D Model Libraries
Featured Models
Model Search
New & Updated Models
3D Terrain
Regions
Airfields
Ranges
Urban Environments
Ordering New Terrain Area of Interest
Technology
Building Virtual Worlds
Metadesic Round-Earth Terrain Architecture
Terrain Threshold Requirements
Modeling Urban Structures
Using City Engine To Create Urban Environments
UAV Imagery Collection For Building 3D Terrain
Creating Runways
FBX Utility
Open Flight Utility
3D Terrain Workflow
Rendering Technologies
3D Oceans
Damage States
Characters
Environment and Weather
VR and Tracker Support
Effects
Sound Support
Interoperability With SAF
Aerial Refueling
Lights and Lighting
Multichannel
Stereoscopic 3D Vision
Physics-Based IR Simulation
Radar Simulation
UAS / RPA Simulation
First Person Simulator
ROVER Simulated Views
Deformation of Terrain for Craters
Digitally Aided Close Air Support
Night Visual Effects
Resources
CASE STUDIES
UAV/RPA
JTAC
Fixed Wing
Rotary Wing
Ground
Commercial
Simulator Hardware
Complete Solutions
Deployable Joint Fires Trainer
Fixed-Wing Part Task Mission Trainer
Graphics Cards
JTAC Desktop Simulator
Navigational Controllers
Storage Devices
VR Solutions
About MetaVR
Careers
Company Profile
Contact MetaVR
Fight Like a Girl
Honor Flight New England
Legal Counsel
Audited Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Trademarks
Other Resources
Documentation and
Brochures
Event Summary
Media Ads
MetaVR In The News
Newsletter Archive
Press Releases
Video Playlist
Where To See MetaVR
How To Buy
Buying Overview
Price List
Product Pricing, Best Price, & Additional Materials
Shipping Policy
Return Policy & Procedures
Information
Software Maintenance & Technical Support
Software Upgrades
Software License Transfer
Software Dongles and Licensing
Customer Requested Features Policy
On-Site Support
Previous Versions
Evaluation Policy
Distribution Media Kit
Software End User License Agreement
Footer menu
Copyright © 2020, MetaVR. All Rights Reserved.  |  Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy