http://www.usadomains.com/legal/privacy.php
Contact Us
Client Area
Affiliates
USA Domains provides Shared, Cloud, and Dedicated hosting solutions. » Learn more about Us.
USA DOMAINS
Live Chat:
1-877-488-HOST
DOMAINS
Domain Name Search
Transfer Your Domain
DNS Hosting
Whois Lookup
WEB HOSTING
RESELLER HOSTING
CLOUD HOSTING
DEDICATED SERVERS
HOSTED EMAIL
SOLUTIONS
Website Templates
SSL Certificates
SEO Services
Remote Backup
Website Monitoring
Website Design
Computer Store
SUPPORT
Pre-Sales Questions
Technical Support
Billing Department
Announcements
Network Issues
Knowledgebase
Video Tutorials
Privacy Statement
- Last Modified - 09/05/2010
USA Domains is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our web
sites as well as the privacy of our actual customers.
For visitors, we've structured our Web sites so that you can visit us on the web without
identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
For prospective and existing customers and partners, once you choose to provide us personally
identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured
that it will only be used to support your relationship with USA Domains.
Our Commitment to Privacy
USA Domains respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web sites, responds
to our advertisements or sends us e-mail. This Privacy Statement outlines the information
USA Domains will collect and how we will use that information. This Web site is not directed
at children under 13 years of age.
Information We Collect
USA Domains is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from
what is disclosed in this statement.
USA Domains may collect various types of personally-identifiable information including
name, company name, address, phone numbers, fax numbers, credit card numbers or other
billing information, e-mail addresses, domain names, and other service related information
that, either alone or in combination with other kinds of information, may personally
identify customers. USA Domains may collect personally identifiable information from customers
in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services,
and other instances where customers or visitors are invited to volunteer such information.
How We Use Information
USA Domains may use personally identifiable information collected through our web site
to contact customers regarding products and services offered by USA Domains and its affiliates,
independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance customer's experience
with USA Domains and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
USA Domains may also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the
effectiveness of the web site and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of USA Domains,
its affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
USA Domains may disclose information collected from customers to affiliates, independent
contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above.
For example, information may be shared to fullfill orders and services with our affiliates,
independent contractors and business partners for domain registrations, secure certificates,
email defense, and other related services offered and sold by USA Domains.
Ordering Services
In order to use our services, a potential customer must first complete the appropriate
order form. During the ordering process a customer is required to submit their contact
information (such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address). This information
is used to contact the customer about the services which they have purchased, or about
which they have contacted us.
Payments & Purchases
In order to make payment to USA Domains, a customer must provide contact information
(such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address) and financial information
(such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes
and to process payments. If we have difficulty processing an order, the contact information
provided is used to contact the customer.
Financial information is never disclosed or shared with our affiliates, independent contractors or business partners.
Links
Our Web sites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that USA Domains is not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our customers and visitors
to read the privacy statements of other Web site's that collect personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site and USA Domains.
Security
USA Domains takes every precaution to protect our customer's information.
When you submit sensitive information via our Web site, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our order forms ask you to enter sensitive financial information (such as credit card number and/or social security
number), that information is encrypted and protected.
All of our customer's information is restricted to our offices. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, billing dept. or a support representative) are granted access to
personally identifiable information. As a secure facility, our offices are restricted to employees and escorted
visitors only.
In the event a customer forgets their password, they can call us and provide personal information to
authenticate their identity to obtain their login information. Forgotten login information will never
be reissued or sent via email by our staff. Additionally, customers can reset their Client Area password on their own by
using using the secure Lost Password Reset Utility.
Once logged in, customers may access their accounts to change their contact information or credit card numbers, but cannot obtain the
old credit card information when doing so. All changes are subject to review/approval by our staff.
Notices & Announcements
We ocassionally deliver service announcements, notices and updates to our customers.
Although most are voluntary, we may in some cases need to deliver an important service
announcement to all customers without exception.
Updating Personal Information
If a customer's contact information changes, they can update this information securely via the Client Area.
Otherwise, please contact billing@usadomains.com.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that our
customers will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and
under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use
personally identifiable information in a manner substantially different from the time
it was originally collected, we will notify affected customers.
USA Domains's policies and procedures for handling customer information have been
created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and
that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and
opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, these policies and
procedures are subject to change.
Legal Notices
» Privacy Statement
» Terms of Use
» Billing Policy
» Registration Policy
» UDRP Policy
» Money Back Guarantee
SERVICES
Web Hosting
Reseller Hosting
Cloud Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Email Hosting
SOLUTIONS
Website Design
Remote Backup
SEO Services
SSL Certificates
Desktops / Laptops
COMPANY
About the Company
Why USA Domains?
Awards & Reviews
Contact Us
Newsletter
HELP & SUPPORT
Client Login
Client Portal
Legal Information
Privacy Statement
© 1998 -
USA Domains, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.