http://www.access-is.com/policies
Products
Industry
About
Support
Contact
Search
Submit
Products
Document Readers
Keyboards
Ticket Readers
All products
Industry
Airports & Airlines
Identity & Security
Transport & Ticketing
About
About us
Case Studies
Events
News
Partner Network
Careers
Support
Getting Started
Contact Support
Certifications
Contact
General Contacts
Customer Support
Phone
Phone
+44 118 966 3333
Search
More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website: www.access-is.com which is for Access Limited (company number 1873263),18 Suttons Business Park, Reading, RG6 1AZ, United Kingdom and governs the privacy of its users. It explains how we comply with data protection law.
Access respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. Access Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data.
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under data protection law are adhered to. Additionally it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer / device in order to serve it.
Data collected
We may collect, use, store and transfer different types of personal data about you through your interaction with this website. Personal data means any information relating to an individual from which that individual can be identified. We may collect your name, email, telephone number, company and country through this website and use this to contact you for the purposes for which you have asked to be contacted. We do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (e.g. race or ethnic origin).
The data we collect about you is collected through direct interactions. You may give us your identify and contact data by filling in forms or corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you place orders for products or services or request marketing to be sent to you.
We may also receive, use and share anonymous aggregated data such as statistical data for any purpose.
Further information about the personal data we collect can be found by clicking here
Use of your data
We only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data when we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Other circumstances in which we use your data are where you have provided your consent, where we need to comply with a legal obligation or where it is necessary for our legitimate interests as a business to enable us to give you the best service and/ or product. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests and do not use your data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you.
Further details on the use of your data are available here clicking here
Disclosure
We will not share information with any other third parties unless:
They are working directly with us, either as service providers (e.g. for IT services) or professional advisors
With regulators and authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances (e.g. HMRC).
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law and for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
We do not transfer your personal data outside the United Kingdom, except where we have employees overseas who need to contact you for the purposes we have outlined above.
This website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on these links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share information about you. We do not control these third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve these purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Legal purposes and rights
Further details about the lawful bases under which we process your personal data, and the rights you have in relation to your personal data can be found at clicking here.
It is important that we hold accurate personal information about you. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
You have the right to ask us what information we hold on you at any time, to correct this data or to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk) if you have any concerns about how we process your data. Please contact the Director of Business Operations at Access IS if you have any questions about the information we hold on you. You can do this by using the contact information on the main contacts page
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 09 April 2020.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
Session ID – This is an essential first party cookie used to determine whether someone is logged into our application or not.
Google Analytics – This is a third party set of cookies to help us understand how people interact with our website, so we can create the best user experience for our audience. To find out more about Google Analytics cookies view https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see https://cookiesandyou.com/. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named in 'The policy' above.
When contacting Access Ltd to provide you with technical support, you will take full responsibility to ensure that you have put appropriate agreements in place to cover any data processing that you are asking Access Ltd to do on your behalf at your request. If you use log files, you should ensure that your use of such functionality is proportionate and covered by your implementation of Data protection laws and regulations.
In passing any files to Access Ltd for diagnosis and support purposes, you take responsibility for ensuring that any such use of personal data is lawful and legitimate. Access Ltd will only process such data on your behalf where you explicitly ask Access Ltd to do so and pass information to Access Ltd for the purposes of technical diagnosis and support. Access Ltd will put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the information provided, will only use the data for diagnosis and support and will delete the data once the issue is resolved. Access Ltd will inform you promptly if it experiences any breach that may result in data being used for other purposes or being available to third parties unrelated to the above purpose.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites.)
Shortened URL's; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL's (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media. Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
Other Policies
Accessibility Statement
We want everyone who visits the Access-IS website to feel welcome and find the experience rewarding.
What are we doing?
To help us make the Access-IS website a positive place for everyone, we've been using the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0. These guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible and user friendly.
The guidelines have three levels of accessibility (A, AA and AAA). We’ve chosen Level A as the target for the Access-IS website.
Let us know what you think
If you enjoyed using the Access-IS website, or if you had trouble with any part of it, please get in touch. We'd like to hear from you in any of the following ways: email us: sales@access-is.com or www.access-is.com
Conflict Materials
Conflict Materials Statement
As a manufacturer of electronic products embedded technology, Access IS promotes the traceability of these minerals and the transparency of the supply chain. Access IS firmly believes that its customers should be fully informed about the products they purchase. We are working with our suppliers to gather the information required and we are committed to working with our customers to supply products that meet the customer’s specifications. Important information on the use of conflict minerals in the technology supply chain is being compiled by the Electronics Components Industry Association and the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition. This information may be viewed at www.eciaonline.org.
We are encouraging all of our suppliers to likewise support these efforts and make information on the origin of their product components easily accessible on their websites and through www.eciaonline.org.
Access IS will endeavor not to purchase products that contain conflict minerals that directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups in the DRC or adjoining countries. Access IS expects its suppliers to support these aspects of its business and to only supply minerals from responsible sources.
Access-IS COVID-19 Statement
We are working hard to support both employees and customers by taking a full range of precautionary measures in line with the recommendations from the World Health Organisation and other relevant government authorities.
For the health and safety of our employees, customers and partners, we have:
Undertaken Covid-19 risk assessments which are regularly updated to ensure the safest working and manufacturing environment possible
Required employees and visitors to follow the guidance on hand washing and hygiene, and encouraged this by providing hand sanitizer around the workplace, and by providing hand drying facilities - paper towels
Advised those who have the ability to work from home to do so, including those with underlying health conditions and expectant mothers
Taken all reasonable steps to maintain 2 metre distancing in the workplace
Provided PPE to production staff for them to use
Enhanced cleaning schedules in high risk areas
Reduced all visits to site where practical. Where essential visits do take place, require all visitors to adhere to government guidance and be supervised whilst on site
Implemented proactive steps to be taken when arranging and carrying out customer visits, to protect the welfare of all individuals
Government guidance will be regularly reviewed, and any changes communicated.
If you have any concerns regarding Covid-19 precautions please contact us via email customer.service@access-is.com or call +44 118 966 3333
Environmental Policy
At Access, we work towards a sustainable future by continuously seeking to reduce our impact on the environment through three main strands:
Helping our customers reduce their environmental impact through use of our technologies;
The design, sourcing and build of our products and their components, and
Our own operations.
We are passionate about enabling the world's population to move around the planet and access services quickly, safely and securely. This enables end users to seamlessly use public transit and access the services they need by securely using our technology.
We design our products to be energy efficient, minimise waste and to be durable and reliable. We seek to build devices that combine the ability to recognise information presented in a number of forms and hence reduce the risk of obsolescence from changing technologies. We comply with environmental product legislation, including RoHS and WEEE, and pass on these requirements to our supply chain.
We recognise that through the day-to-day operation of our business we have the potential to have a negative effect on the natural environment. Our aim is to, where possible, avoid, and if not, reduce any direct or indirect negative impacts on the environment. We do this through our own operations and with our supply chain to ensure compliance and, wherever possible and practicable:
Reduce energy
Minimise waste
Reuse materials
Use local and recycled materials
Use materials that have a low impact on the environment
Recycle waste
Use land-based shipment
We use continuous improvement principles aligned to those set out in our quality policy to continue to improve our environmental performance and that of our supply chain.