http://www.topranksolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Your privacy is very important to us and we do not treat this issue lightly. Please read the following information carefully. Our policy on this subject is simple. Your personal information will never be sold, rented or shared with third parties without your express permission, unless it is required as part of a credit card or other financial transaction.
No Spam
Top Rank Solutions maintains a strict "no spam" policy.
Your contact information will not be rented or sold to any third party. Once you have established a relationship with us through e-mail or other communications, we will respond to inquiries and may periodically contact you with information regarding services offered by Top Rank Solutions, or we may occasionally send industry-related news and information that may be of value to you. If you do not wish to receive this information, simply respond to the e-mail and inform us that you do not wish to receive information from Top Rank Solutions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file sent to your browser from a web site. It is commonly used to store a randomly generated number that is used to associate you with any items you may place in a shopping cart or to identify you as a user. A cookie is not a program and it cannot read data from your hard drive or damage your computer.
Cookies may be used on TopRankSolutions.com if you leave a comment to one our posts. Cookies may also be used by web site analytics software that we use to measure and analyze user traffic.
Merchants that we are affiliated with, third party advertisers and affiliate management networks may use cookies on their web sites. We are not responsible nor do we have any control over the use of cookies on other web sites. Although their advertisements and links may appear on this site, we do not have access to the information stored in any cookies they might use and we do not pass any personally identifying information to any merchants or third parties.
For example:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this web site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based upon their visits to sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy web page.
The use of cookies is required by most e-commerce sites in order for the site to function properly. Cookies can be disabled in your browser. Should you choose to disable cookies in your browser, many e-commerce sites that depend upon cookies to identify you or the items you may place in a shopping cart may not function properly.
IP Address
We do include your IP address with any messages submitted through our Contact Us page.
We do this to prevent abuse and we will block IP addresses from users that abuse our web site. IP addresses are not intended to identify you personally, but are commonly used to identify the general geographic location of a user. Server logs typically
record the IP addresses of users when web pages are requested. This is part of the standard HTTP protocol.
Use of Materials
No information found on this web site may be published on another web site or redistributed in any way unless the materials or information are identified as “free downloads”.
These materials may be used solely for informational purposes and may not be sold, copied or altered in any way. We do encourage links to articles found on this site.
All articles and materials not identified as “free downloads” are copyrighted material.
This information is for personal use only and may not be reproduced, redistributed or displayed on another web site.
Links to Third Party Sites
This site contains links to other web sites. These links are provided as a convenience for customers and users of this site.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other web sites.
In accordance with our Privacy Policy, we do not pass any information to third party sites that may personally identify you.
Exceptions to Our Privacy Policy
The only exceptions to this Privacy Policy are in the case of fraud, malicious or criminal activities on the part of a user of this site, or when required to disclose information about individual users to governmental or judicial authorities or law enforcement agencies, or in response to subpoena, court order, or other valid legal process.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and changes to our site.
We will post those amendments on this page in order to keep you informed regarding the information we collect and how we use it. We encourage you to visit this page regularly for updated Privacy Policy information.
If for some reason you feel that our privacy policy is not clear, or you have concerns about it, please Contact Us.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this policy, we ask you to discontinue the use of this site.
Last modified on April 8, 2009
Categories
Internet Marketing
Pay-Per-Click Advertising
Search Engine News
Search Marketing News
Video Production Tips
Web Site Development
Web Site Performance
WordPress Tips