http://www.ittia.com/legal/privacy
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
Database for a Secure & Connected World
Navigation menu
Download
Products
ITTIA DB SQL
Embedded Edge Database
Evaluation Download
Getting Started
Why ITTIA?
Database Security
Success Stories
ITTIA Labs
Support and Services
Support
Technical Support
Training
Services
Developer Certification
Database Consulting
Resources
Library
White Papers
Webinars
Videos
Media
News
Articles
Blog
Technical
Examples
Demonstrations
Platforms
Company
ITTIA
About ITTIA
Industries
Partners
Employment
Legal Notice
Contact
Distributors
ITTIA
About ITTIA
Industries
Partners
Employment
Legal Notice
Contact
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of ITTIA. Our postal address is
1611 116th Avenue NE Suite 202
Bellevue, Washington 98004
United States of America
We can be reached through the request form at https://www.ittia.com/contact.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our products, services, and Web site, and is not shared with other non-affiliated organizations for commercial purposes.
To access, change, modify and/or delete information previously provided to us, you can send an email to privacy [at] ittia.com.
For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to personal information about you (not anyone else), and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law. We may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion. Some of your information may remain within our systems and other records, in compliance with applicable law.
At your request and where the law requires us to do so, we will confirm what personal information we hold about you. You may also have a legal right to obtain a copy of your personal information. We may charge a processing fee for this service where permitted by law and we will require evidence of your identity before fulfilling your request.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by submitting a request to the form mentioned above.
ITTIA uses industry standards to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, but no technologies or systems can offer perfect security. If you believe that your interaction with our website is at risk, please immediately inform us and ask us to remove you from our system.
We cannot ensure that your private communications and other information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy notice. When we are forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our website, and to gather demographic information.
ITTIA will process job applicant personal information for employment purposes. Employment purposes includes communicating with you, evaluating your qualifications, a background check, and verification of skills. You must only provide your relevant job-related information to ITTIA. During the employment investigation process, we may receive information about you from publicly available sources or from third parties, including references and background check suppliers. We take steps to confirm that information we receive from these third parties has been collected with your consent or that these parties are otherwise legally permitted to disclose your personal information to ITTIA.
Home
Contact
Terms of use
Privacy policy
© 2000–2020 ITTIA L.L.C. All rights reserved.