http://www.aceit.com/privacy
Menu
Home ACEIT Suite Product Info
> ACE POST CO$TAT JACS ACE Plug-Ins ACEIT Tools
Request Trial Version Purchase Testimonials Welcome ACEIT 8.0 Product FAQ Training Training Options
> Open Training Self-Paced Training Tutoring & Customized Support On-Site Training Brown Bag Training Schedule Locations Training FAQ Public Resources Resource Library News Feed ACEIT eNews Compliance/Configuration Support FAQ User Resources
Log in
Home/ Privacy
Privacy Last updated: 01 July 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit and use the Services (“Services”) available on the website (“Site”) linking to this Privacy Policy. The Site is provided to you by Tecolote Research, Inc. (“Tecolote” or “we”/ ”us” / “our”). By accessing and using this Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Click a topic below to jump to the explanation:Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
CCPA Privacy
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
Links to Other Websites
Changes to Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy: Account means a unique account created for You to access our Services or parts of our Services. Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses. Device means any device that can access the Services such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet. Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites. Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You. Services refers to services available on this website. Site means this website. Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Services or from the Services infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). You / Your refers to the individual accessing or using the Services, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Services, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data While using our Services, we may ask You to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:• Email address• First name and last name• Phone number• Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City• Usage Data
Usage Data Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Services.  Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.When You access the Services by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.  We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Site or when You access the Services by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Site and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services.  You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Services.Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.
We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:Necessary / Essential CookiesType: Session CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with Services available through the Site and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the Services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these Cookies to provide You with those Services.Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance CookiesType: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Site.Functionality CookiesType: Persistent CookiesAdministered by: UsPurpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Site, such as remembering Your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter Your preferences every time You use the Site.
Use of Your Personal Data The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes: • To provide and maintain our Services, including to monitor the usage of our Services.• To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Services. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Services that are available to You as a registered user.• For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or Services You have purchased or of any other contract with us through the Services.• To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted Services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.• To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, Services and events which we offer that are similar to those that You have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.• To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to us.We may share your personal information in the following situations:• With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with third party Service providers (“Service Providers”) to monitor and analyze the use of our Services, for payment processing, to contact You.• For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.• With affiliates: We may share Your information with any of our affiliated entities (e.g. a parent company, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us), in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.• With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, Services or promotions.• With other users: When You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
Retention of Your Personal DataTecolote will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain Your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Tecolote will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal DataYour information, including Personal Data, is processed at Tecolote's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.Tecolote will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business TransactionsIf Tecolote is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcementUnder certain circumstances, Tecolote may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirementsTecolote may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:• Comply with a legal obligation• Protect and defend the rights or property of Tecolote• Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services• Protect the personal safety of Users of the Services or the public• Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal DataThe security of Your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal DataService Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.AnalyticsWe may use Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made Your activity on the Services available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacyEmail MarketingWe may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.Sitefinity by ProgressPrivacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.progress.com/legal/privacy-center
PaymentsWe may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
CCPA Privacy
Your Rights under the CCPAIf You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from Tecolote information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by Tecolote or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. Tecolote does not sell Personal Data.The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from Tecolote information regarding the disclosure of the following:• The categories of Personal Data collected• The sources from which the Personal Data was collected• The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data• Categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Data• The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about YouThe right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your rights as a consumer, including by:• Denying goods or Services to You• Charging different prices or rates for goods or Services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties• Providing a different level or quality of goods or Services to You• Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or Services or a different level or quality of goods or Services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, You can email us at CCPARequest@tecolote.com or call us at (805) 571-6366 x130.  Tecolote will acknowledge Your request within 10 days and will disclose and deliver or delete the required information free of charge within the required time period.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) Our Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals. However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Your California Privacy Rights(California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If You'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, Services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. To request removal of such data, and if You are a California resident, You can contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account. Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if You are a California resident and would like to exercise Your CCPA rights, You can contact us: By email: CCPARequest@Tecolote.comBy phone number: (805) 571-6366 x130By mail: Tecolote Research, Inc., Attn: Privacy Administrator, 420 S. Fairview Ave., Ste. 201, Goleta, CA 93117
Popular Links
ACEIT Overview
Training Center
Purchase Options
Current Customers
Subscriber Content Inflation Indices Patches Instructional Videos Help Support Center FAQs
Contact Us
ACEIT Sales
aceit_sales@tecolote.com
(805) 964-6963 ext. 2570
ACEIT Training
aceit_train@tecolote.com
(805) 964-6963 ext. 2571
ACEIT Technical Support
United States aceit_support@tecolote.com
(805) 964-6963 ext. 2599 Australia aceit_support_au@tecolote.com
0411 135 494
Tecolote Research, Inc. © 2004 - 2020
Privacy
Legal
Contact Us
About Us