http://www.privacyinternational.org/
Privacy International
Skip to main content
Search
Sign up to Newsletter
NEWSCAMPAIGNSLEARNIMPACTABOUTDONATE
Long Read
Q&A: EU's top court rules that UK, French and Belgian mass surveillance regimes must respect privacyThe Court of Justice of the European Union issued judgments in three cases in the UK, France and Belgium. We answer some of the main questions.
News & Analysis
UN experts report highlights role of private military and security companies in immigration management A new UN experts report shines light on the role of private military and security services in immigration and border management and their impact to the rights of all migrants.
Key Resources
Tracking the Global Response to COVID-19Tech companies, governments, and international agencies have all announced measures to help contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Unprecedented levels of surveillance, data exploitation, and misinformation are being tested across the world.PreviousNext
Free to be human Free to be anonymous Free from profiling Free to protest Free to express yourself Free to speak Free to remain silent Free to organise Free to challenge authority Free to demonstrate Free to blow the whistle Free to question the rules Free to define my own identity Free to be me Free to question authority Free to ask for information Free to debate ideas Free to be unorthodox Free to be orthodox Free to be different Free to go off grid Free to switch off Free to be left alone Free to be let alone Free to cross borders without humiliation Free to use what they call the ‘dark web’ Free to not give my name Free to hide my face Free to be noncomforming Free to use an adblocker Free to delete my account Free to demand information Free to demand answers Free to be more than a number Free to define my identity Free to define my own identities Free to change my identity Free to resist Free to code Free to vote Free to keep my thoughts secret Free to choose what to do with my body Free to keep things to myself Free to dissent Free from state interference Free to be human Free to choose Free to learn about my options Free to be human Free from monopolies Free from data exploitation for the profit of others Free to share with who I want Free to be human Free to make mistakes Free to be emotional Free to be human Free from state surveillance
For a world where technology will empower and enable us, not exploit our data for profit and power.
JOIN US
Join our global movement and fight for what really matters: our freedom to be human.
LEARN
Find out what you can do to protect your technological privacy and security.
DONATE
Support PI to stop the adversaries to your privacy and freedom.
Featured Content
News & Analysis
UN experts report highlights role of private military and security companies in immigration management
A new report by the UN Working Group on mercenaries analyses the impact of the use of private military and security services in immigration and border management on the rights of migrants, and highlights the responsibilities of private actors in human rights abuses as well as lack of oversight and
A new UN experts report shines light on the role of private military and security services in immigration and border management and their impact to the rights of all migrants.
Continue reading
Key Resources
Tracking the Global Response to COVID-19
Tech companies, governments, and international agencies have all announced measures to help contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus.
Some of these measures impose severe restrictions on people’s freedoms, including to their privacy and other human rights. Unprecedented levels of surveillance
Tech companies, governments, and international agencies have all announced measures to help contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Unprecedented levels of surveillance, data exploitation, and misinformation are being tested across the world.
Continue reading
Press release
Press release: Ruling by EU’s highest court finds that UK, French and Belgian mass surveillance regimes must respect privacy, even in the context of national security
Today the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) ruled that the UK, French and Belgian bulk data collection or retention regimes (often referred to as ‘mass surveillance’) must be brought within EU law.
Continue reading
News & Analysis
Facebook response on advertising: A failure to acknowledge responsibility
Following our investigation into advertisers on Facebook and the exposure of the platform shortcomings, Facebook's response is a failure to acknowledge its responsibility in ensuring transparency and enabling people to exercise their rights. Here is our point by point analysis of their answer
Continue reading
Key Resources
A Guide to Litigating Identity Systems
Civil society organisations and activists around the globe have led the fight to challenge discriminatory and exclusionary identity systems.
Read our new guide on Litigating Identity Systems to see how their arguments played out in court.
Continue reading
Case Study
Public-Private Partnerships on Technology in Peru: A Government without horizon
The Peruvian Government has repeatedly collaborated with the private sector in developing technology. In many cases who has access to the data is unclear, and - although Peru has a legal framework for public-private partnerships - it does not use it for technology.
Continue reading
View more content
Featured Campaigns
Fighting the Global Covid-19 Power-Grab
In the rush to respond to Covid-19 and its aftermath, government and companies are exploiting data
Read more
More Campaigns
Get Involved
Act with Us
Donate
Join
Newsletter
Click here to sign-up to our mailing-list!
Follow Us
Facebook
Instagram
Mastodon
RSS
Twitter
Youtube
Navigation
NEWS
CAMPAIGNS
LEARN
IMPACT
ABOUT
DONATE
How We Fight
Our Global Reach
Advocacy and Litigation
Research
Legal Action
Our Demands
About
Our Impact
Governance
People
Opportunities
Financial
Privacy
Why We Use Your Data
How We Use Your Data
How We Learned
Why Cookies?!
Resources
Why Privacy Matters
Learn about issues
Learn about Data Protection
Browse Examples of Abuse
Listen to our podcast
Contact Us
62 Britton Street,
London, EC1M 5UY
UK
Charity Registration No: 1147471
Click here to contact us.
Click here for media and press enquiries.