https://www.betterbox.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Request Call Back
Subscribe for Emails
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This is the Privacy Policy of BetterBox Communications Ltd, company number 2321771, registered office at 43 Burners Lane South, Kiln Farm, Milton Keynes MK11 3HA.  ICO registration number is Z7955843.
Please read the following carefully to understand our processes regarding your personal data and how we will use it and your rights regarding this data.
What personal information do we collect and how do we use it?
Personal information (which includes 'personal data' as defined in the Data Protection Act) is generally collected when you interact with us, purchase goods and services, enquire about products by email or telephone or visit our website.
The personal data we process includes:-
your name
your home or work address, email address and/or phone number
your job title
your payment and delivery details, including billing and delivery addresses and credit card details, where you make purchases from us
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website
recordings of calls you make to our team
We will use this information as required to establish and fulfil a contract with you if you   make a purchase from us. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and quotations and arranging delivery of products or services.  We require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it.
Data may also be used for the purposes of analysis to provide information for overall business performance and for improving the content and functionality of our website in accordance with our legitimate interests.
We may monitor telephone calls, which may be recorded for quality, training and  security purposes in  accordance with our legitimate interests.
We collect and process personal data directly from our personnel and job applicants. The privacy policy on this section is part of our internal personnel documents and is available on request.
Please be aware that our Live Chat is powered by Pure Chat and will be governed by the Pure Chat Privacy Policy. Any data provided by Pure Chat to BetterBox will be treated as per our Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
We do not share Customer Data with third parties except to provide a service to our customers.  Your personal information will never be sold.  To provide this service we may use the services of third parties in the following areas:
a) the processing of payment
b) our contractors, which includes couriers and postal services
c) mailing houses and third party marketing/printing companies for production of our own marketing materials
Cookies
We may create cookies, which are stored on your device when you visit our website. Please view our cookie policy for additional information and advice on how to turn off cookies.
http://www.betterbox.co.uk/cookie-policy.html
Data Integrity and Security
We maintain physical electronic and procedural safeguards for the collection and storage of personally identifiable information. We keep personal data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal reporting or document retention requirements. Our servers and our databases are protected by industry standard security technology, such as firewalls and password protection.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We continually improve our systems, processes and product range.  These improvements may require changes to this policy.  We will review this policy periodically and reserve the right to make changes to the policy without prior notice. Once changes have been made an updated policy will be displayed on our website.
Retention of information
Your personal information will not be kept for longer than is necessary or as required by law.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have   sent to you or by contacting us.
Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at  any time.  If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.  You also have the right, with some exceptions and qualifications, to ask us to provide a copy of any personal data we hold about you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
Or, if you would like to access, update or remove your personal information in accordance with your rights please contact us at privacy@betterbox.co.uk
Issue Date: May 2018