https://www.marriottonthefalls.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Updates:
Flexible Cancellation
Committed to Cleanliness
Contactless Services
Restaurant Safety
Mask By-Law
Stay Dates:Rooms & Guests:1 Room :2 Adults/Room
Rooms:
+
-
Adults:
+
-
Children
+
-
(Maximum: 7 Guests/room)
Check Availability
Close
Stay Dates:Rooms & Guests:1 Room :2 Adults/Room
Rooms:
+
-
Adults:
+
-
Children
+
-
(Maximum: 7 Guests/room)
Search
Privacy Policy Who We Are
Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls is a licensed franchise of Marriott International, Inc. (“Marriott”), that is owned and operated by Canadian Niagara Hotels (“CNH”).
Our Mission
At Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personally identifiable information. Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls’ mission is to consistently exceed our guests’ expectations in terms of the products and services we provide to our business and leisure travelers. We strive to create an experience that is responsive to our guests’ needs by using the information you entrust us with responsibly. Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls and Canadian Niagara Hotels are committed to respecting your privacy and adhering to the principles of applicable data protection and privacy laws throughout the world.
We have provided this Privacy Policy as an explanation of the information we collect, how we use it, how the use of this information can benefit your experience on our web sites and during your relationship with us, with whom and for what purposes we may share the information, and the choices you can make about our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. We wish to help you make informed decisions, so please take a moment to read the sections below.
Types Of Information We Collect
Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls collects information about our guests and visitors to our web sites so that we can provide an experience that is responsive to our guests’ and visitors’ needs. Information may be collected as part of: (i) fulfilling reservation or information requests, (ii) purchasing products or services, (iii) registering for program membership, (iv) submitting a job application, (v) responding to communications from us (e.g., surveys, promotional offers, or reservation confirmations), (vi) accommodating your personal preferences, (vii) fulfilling requests for services or recommendations we provide you, (viii) working with third party sources, including collecting information available from social networking and other web sites, to better assist us with understanding your interests and to serve you better, (ix) your use of our apps on your electronic devices, (x) updating your contact information including your address, or (xi) facilitating the transmission of forward to a friend email at your request. The types of personally identifiable information (sometimes referred to as “PII”) that we collect may include your name, home, work and e-mail addresses, telephone, mobile telephone, and fax numbers, credit card information, date of birth, gender, and lifestyle information such as room preferences, leisure activities, names and ages of children, and other information necessary to fulfill special requests (e.g., health conditions that require special room accommodations).
Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls may also collect non-personally identifiable information about you, such as your use of our web sites, communication preferences, travel habits, aggregated data relative to your stays, and responses to promotional offers and surveys.
Please note, to better safeguard your information, please do not include any credit card information in your electronic communication unless it is specifically required by us as part of the reservation or transaction fulfillment process on our branded reservation web sites, or our customer contact centers.
Purpose For Collection, Processing, And Disclosure
Collection & Use
Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls and Canadian Niagara Hotels are fully committed to providing you with information about the collection and use of PII furnished by, or collected from, visitors while using our web sites, products and services. It is our practice not to ask you for information unless we need it or intend to use it. Some of the primary purposes for collecting your PII are as follows:
providing services such as processing a transaction (e.g., making a reservation, fulfilling a request for information, or completing a product order)
marketing and communications with you in relation to the products and services offered by Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls and Canadian Niagara Hotels, our strategic marketing partners, and other trusted third parties
performing market research via surveys to better serve your needs, improve the effectiveness of our web sites, your hotel experience, our various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities
You may opt out of marketing emails and surveys from Canadian Niagara Hotels at any time by clicking on the link included in such communications, or by contacting us directly to opt out of emails or surveys. You will always be offered the choice to decide what communications you want to receive from us.
Processing And Disclosure
In most cases, the information you provide is added to a local or global database. In the course of processing your information, it may be necessary to transfer your PII to Marriott and Canadian Niagara Hotels’ affiliates, properties within the Marriott and Canadian Niagara Hotels system and/or third party service providers located in the United States and throughout the world for the purposes outlined within this Privacy Policy. As a general practice, Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls and Canadian Niagara Hotels do not sell, rent, or give physical possession of your PII to unaffiliated third parties outside of Canadian Niagara Hotels system. Situations in which Canadian Niagara Hotels may disclose your information to others include:
when we have received your consent to do so
in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to offer you products or services you desire (e.g., a vacation package)
when companies or services providers that perform business activities on behalf of Canadian Niagara Hotels require such information (e.g., credit card processing, customer support services, market research administration or database management services)
in the event Canadian Niagara Hotels is merged or acquired by another company
to comply with legal or regulatory requirements or obligations in accordance with applicable law, a court order or a subpoena
in case of emergency such as to safeguard the life, health, or property of an individual
If information is shared as mentioned above, we seek to limit the scope of information that is furnished to the amount necessary for the performance of the specific function. Unless otherwise precluded by legal process, we require third parties to protect your PII and abide by applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Consent
As part of our commitment to keep you informed, we may mail, e-mail, telephone, or contact you by other means to notify you of new Canadian Niagara Hotels products and services, or upcoming Canadian Niagara Hotels special offers, events, enhancements, or other relevant information that may be of interest to you.  We offer you the option to decline any or all of these Canadian Niagara Hotels communications by following the directions included in our e-mails or other communications, or by contacting Canadian Niagara Hotels directly.
We would like to keep all of our guests and visitors informed and equally able to take advantage of the benefits offered by Canadian Niagara Hotels and its strategic marketing partners. However, if you reside outside of the United States, certain data privacy regulations may require us to obtain your permission before we send you information that you have not requested from us.
In some cases your permission will be implied from the nature of the service requested or transaction undertaken. For example, Canadian Niagara may collect and use PII that you volunteer, or behavioral data or information collected in the aggregate. In addition, your permission will be deemed given for communications from us that are necessary to fulfill transactions and services that you request.
In certain circumstances, we will seek your express permission when we collect information that is regarded under certain data privacy regulations to be sensitive in nature (e.g., information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, or health conditions).
You may object to Canadian Niagara Hotels disclosing your PII with third parties except when: (i) service providers have been retained to perform services on behalf of Canadian Niagara Hotels; (ii) disclosure is required by law; (iii) disclosure concerns national, legal or public interest grounds; (iv) disclosure is necessary to protect the vital interests of the guest; (v) information has been collected from publicly accessible sources; (vi) disclosure concerns the retrospective processing of the information for historical, statistical or enhancement of guest experiences; or (vii)  disclosure is authorized by a supervisory authority (such as a Privacy Commissioner, Data Protection Authority, or other similar authority).
Data Transfers Across International Borders
The nature of our business and our operations require us to transfer your information, including PII, to other group companies, properties, centers of operations, data centers, or service providers that may be located in countries outside of your own. We may transfer the PII we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected. Although the data protection and other laws of these various countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your own country, Canadian Niagara Hotels will take appropriate steps to ensure that your PII is protected and handled as described in this Privacy Policy.
Security Safeguards
Canadian Niagara Hotels recognizes the importance of information security, and is constantly reviewing and enhancing our technical, physical, and logical security rules and procedures. All Canadian Niagara Hotels owned web sites and servers have security measures in place to help protect your PII against accidental, loss, misuse, unlawful or unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration while under our control. Although “guaranteed security” does not exist either on or off the Internet, we safeguard your information using appropriate administrative, procedural and technical safeguards, including password controls, and “firewalls”.
Cookies And Pixels
Canadian Niagara Hotels  and its third party marketing partners may use cookies, invisible pixels, and web beacons to obtain information about you while visiting our web sites. A cookie is a very small text file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Canadian Niagara Hotels’ cookies assign your computer with a unique identifier, which in turn, becomes your identification card whenever you return to a Canadian Niagara Hotels web site.
Cookies are designed to save you time because they help us to provide you with a customized experience without you having to remind us of your preferences each time you return to our web pages. Canadian Niagara Hotels cookies are not designed to damage your files, nor can they read information from other files on your computer hard drive.
Cookies can also help us provide you with a personalized on-line experience in the following ways:
they remember your user name and password for future visits so log-in is easier and faster.
they ensure you are provided with the appropriate frames and content.
they ensure you obtain all requested information.
they help us deliver communications that are relevant and responsive to your interests and location.
Canadian Niagara Hotels cookies are limited to our web sites only, and are not designed to follow you when traveling on the Internet after leaving Canadian Niagara Hotels owned web sites. We track the usage of our web sites in order to better meet your needs and to help make it easier for you to find information in the future. Please note that in addition to Canadian Niagara Hotels cookies, various third parties may also place cookies on your computer’s hard drive. Canadian Niagara Hotels are not responsible for the presence or absence of third party cookies, or for the technological capabilities or practices employed by third parties in connection with third party cookies.
If you would prefer not to have the benefits of cookies, your Internet browser can be adjusted to treat cookies in different ways. Depending upon the type of browser you are using, you may be able to configure your browser so that: (i) you are prompted to accept or reject cookies on an individual basis or (ii) you may be able to prevent your browser from accepting any cookies at all. You should refer to the supplier or manufacturer of your web browser for specific details about cookie security. However, you should also understand that rejecting cookies might affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our web sites and our ability to recognize your browser from one visit to the next.
Canadian Niagara Hotels also uses invisible pixels, sometimes called web beacons, to count how many people visit certain web pages. Information collected from invisible pixels is used and reported in the aggregate and does not contain PII. Canadian Niagara Hotels may use this information to improve marketing programs and content.
We also work with vendors and marketing partners to help deliver advertisements and personalized content that we believe will be of interest to you. These vendors and other partners include advertisers, advertising agencies, advertising networks, audience segment providers, data exchanges, analytics providers, and other similar providers. These partners and vendors use cookies and web beacons to collect information about your online activity (e.g., the sites and pages you have visited at Canadian Niagara Hotels sites and other third party sites) in order to help Canadian Niagara Hotels (and in some cases, third party advertisers) deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on Canadian Niagara Hotels or other sites.
For example, if you go to a Canadian Niagara Hotels site to look at one of our properties or to book a hotel room, you may later see an advertisement from us when you visit another web site.  We may also engage one of these vendors to deliver our advertisements to consumers whose online behaviors on sites other than Canadian Niagara Hotels sites indicate that they may be interested in travel.  In other instances, we engage in special arrangements with certain advertisers with which we think our web site visitors would have an interest.  We allow these advertisers to deliver co-branded messages (e.g., Canadian Niagara Hotels and the advertiser) directly to consumers who have visited our web pages.  These types of cobranded advertisements may appear on Canadian Niagara Hotels sites or on third party sites.  In general, you can opt out of our vendors’ use of cookies to tailor personalized content or advertising to you by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org and https://www.aboutads.info/
Edit Cookie Settings
Links To Other Web Sites
In order to anticipate your needs, Canadian Niagara Hotels provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. Canadian Niagara Hotels is not responsible or liable for any content presented by or contained on any independent web site, including, but not limited to, any advertising claims or marketing practices. Please note that while Canadian Niagara Hotels will protect your information on Canadian Niagara Hotels owned and operated web sites, we cannot control and will not be responsible for the privacy policies of third party web sites, including web sites owned or controlled by independent franchisees, third party owners of hotel, resort, interval ownership, or residence properties that may use the name of a Canadian Niagara Hotels brand, or web sites not controlled or authorized by Canadian Niagara Hotels. Third party web sites that are accessed through links on our web sites have separate privacy and data collection practices, and security measures. We have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by third parties on their web sites. We encourage you to contact them to ask questions about their privacy practices, policies and security measures before disclosing any PII. We recommend that you review the privacy statements and policies of linked web sites to understand how those web sites collect, use and store information.
Minors
Canadian Niagara Hotels do not seek to obtain nor does it wish to receive PII directly from minors; however, we cannot always determine the age of persons who access and use our web sites. If a minor (as defined by applicable law) provides us with his/her data without parental or guardian consent, we encourage the parent or guardian to contact us to have this information removed and to unsubscribe the minor from future Canadian Niagara Hotels marketing communications.
Contact Us
Updating Your Communication Preferences
If you would like to update your information, modify your communication preferences, or if you do not want to receive marketing communications from Canadian Niagara Hotels in the future, you can contact us:
by e-mail:
reserve@niagarafallshotels.com
by writing to us at:
Niagara Falls Marriott on the Falls
6755 Fallsview Boulevard
Niagara Falls, Ontario
L2G 3W7
CANADA
by telephone:
1-800-618-9059
Updates To The Privacy Policy
Canadian Niagara Hotels may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to meet changes in the regulatory environment, business needs, or to satisfy the needs of our guests, properties, strategic marketing partners, and service providers. Updated versions will be posted to our web site and date stamped so that you are always aware of when the Privacy Policy was last updated.