http://www.privacyfoundation.org
Skip to content
If you’ve been shopping around for a VPN, chances are you’ve read extensively about ExpressVPN and NordVPN, the two leading providers of the VPN industry.
But although you may have narrowed your decision down to these two juggernauts of the VPN world, deciding between them is difficult – especially as on the surface they offer such similar features.
That’s why we’ve put together this short article to help you decide which VPN is right for you. As these two providers offer an incredibly closely matched service which covers everything a standard VPN does, we’re not going to use this article to deep dive into their tech, but you can do that here.
Instead, we’re going to be looking at the proprietary features of ExpressVPN vs. NordVPN, and use those features to determine which service offers the best value for money overall.
NordVPN
NordVPN offers robust protection for all of your devices.
Based in Panama, NordVPN is an internationally recognized VPN provider established in 2012, and offers the following basic features:
Strict no-logs policy
Internet kill-switch
Full clients for Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, and Linux
Support for six devices
Access to major streaming services
IP & DNS leak prevention
NordVPN Proprietary Features
These are unique features which NordVPN offer that ExpressVPN doesn’t currently offer, or at least not in the same form. These include:
Onion over VPN – NordVPN users can connect to a VPN server which also routes their traffic through ‘The Onion Router’, or ‘Tor’, to further encrypt their traffic.
Double VPN – NordVPN’s Double VPN connections route your traffic through two geographically separate servers in order to fully obfuscate your location and other data.
Obfuscated Servers – If you’re in a country that restricts content at a national level, NordVPN lets you bypass these restrictions with their obfuscated server feature.
CyberSec – NordVPN’s CyberSec feature blocks malicious ads, malware, identifies phishing attempts, and blocks trackers during your browsing session.
NordVPN Price
NordVPN offers good value for money, with monthly subscriptions starting from just $3.49 if you pay in one lump sum of $125.64, which covers you for three years.
Otherwise, a month-by-month subscription will cost $11.95 per month, which is only marginally cheaper than ExpressVPN’s monthly price.
ExpressVPN
ExpressVPN has a number of privacy-preserving proprietary features.
Based in the British Virgin Islands, ExpressVPN have been operating since 2010, and are generally one of the most trusted VPN services in the world.
They offer the following basic features:
Strict no-logs policy (and TrustedServer, explained below)
Network-lock feature
Apps for Windows, MacOS, Linux, iOS, Android, Routers and a range of smart devices
Support for five devices
Access to major streaming services
24 hour live chat support
ExpressVPN Proprietary Features
There’s a collection of proprietary features offered by ExpressVPN which have contributed significantly to its success, including:
TrustedServer Technology – One of the most attractive features of ExpressVPN, TrustedServer technology ensures that all data passing through ExpressVPN’s servers is stored on RAM memory, and no data is ever written to a hard disk and therefore isn’t recoverable by third parties.
Zero Knowledge DNS – While NordVPN do use their own DNS servers to prevent leaks, they don’t use zero-knowledge DNS like ExpressVPN, which uses separate DNS servers for each and every website you visit.
ExpressVPN Price
ExpressVPN is one of the priciest VPN providers, with only moderate savings for subscribing for a significant length of time.
Purchasing a yearly subscription upfront will cost just over $99, equivalent to $8.32 per month, and paying month-by-month is $12.95 – significantly more expensive in the long term.
A three year subscription at NordVPN costs just under $30 more than a year’s worth of ExpressVPN subscription.
Our Verdict
VPN
Servers
Countries
Streaming Support?
Traffic
Encryption
Best Monthly Price
Bitcoin Payments?
NordVPN
5,500+
94
Yes
AES-256 bit
$3.49
Yes
ExpressVPN
3,000+
94
Yes
AES-256 bit
$8.32
No
While both of these VPNs are packed full of features and will serve you incredibly well regardless of what level of user you are, we have to pick a winner.
Overall, we have to recommend NordVPN. Feature wise, NordVPN is neck-and-neck with ExpressVPN, and even offers some proprietary features such as CyberSec, but there’s not much in it and these two services are fairly similar.
As a result, it comes down to price and server variety. NordVPN is a fraction of the price of ExpressVPN, with their cheapest monthly subscription price of $3.49 coming in at over twice as cheap as ExpressVPN’s cheapest monthly cost of $8.32 – a huge saving if you’re looking to subscribe for a decent length of time. NordVPN also supports six devices where ExpressVPN supports just five.
Likewise, NordVPN currently has far more servers for users to choose from, with over 5,500 servers in 94 countries compared to some 3,000 offered by ExpressVPN.
So, although we can see that these two services are somewhat comparable in performance, NordVPN offers marginally better access to servers, and does so at a far more affordable monthly price – and you can pay your subscription in Bitcoin if you’re concerned about sharing your payment information.
That said, there’s certain proprietary features of ExpressVPN we think are interesting to those concerned with data privacy, especially their TrustedServer technology, which guarantees that your browsing data can never be recovered by third parties, something NordVPN don’t currently offer.
Still undecided? Read our complete ExpressVPN and NordVPN guides here, where we discuss each provider’s full list of features.
A fairly new arrival on the VPN scene, SurfShark was established in 2016 out of the British Virgin Islands, a popular location for VPNs and privacy tools which has allowed SurfShark to adopt a strict no-logs policy.
With easy to use full clients for all major operating systems, including Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS, and smart devices such as Amazon Firestick, SurfShark has become a popular choice among customers looking for an affordable VPN service.
Since its launch, SurfShark has won a number of awards for their service, including ‘Best Newcomer’ and ‘Best Overall VPN’, and it’s dedicated its resources to building out a vast network of servers and a feature-rich service for its customers.
As a result of its hard work, SurfShark has now become a major player in the VPN industry, rivalling other leading and longer-established services, and gaining widespread approval by consumers.
Here, we’re going to explore some of the best features and aspects of SurfShark’s VPN service, and discover why it’s grown in popularity during recent years.
What Are SurfShark’s Privacy Features?
SurfShark has a huge range of privacy focused features.
Many smaller and newer VPN providers take years to acquire new servers, grow out their features, and offer a comparable service to the larger VPN companies. Bucking the trend, SurfShark have invested heavily into their infrastructure, building a network of servers that would satisfy even the most serious VPN users.
In total, SurfShark maintains access to over 1,700 servers in over 60 different countries and jurisdictions, which is over half of that provided by veteran VPN service ExpressVPN – which has a decade of VPN experience.
SurfShark provides all the traffic encryption and protection that you would expect from a premium VPN service, including military grade AES-256 encryption, a kill switch in the event you lose your VPN connection, private DNS addresses, and IPv4 leak protection.
However, there’s also a range of other features which make SurfShark particularly good value for money. Let’s have a look at a few of them below.
MultiHop Protection
SurfShark’s MultiHop feature routes users traffic through two separate VPN servers in different locations.
Similar to a ‘double VPN’ feature offered by other providers, MultiHop essentially makes it twice as hard for prying eyes to intercept your traffic, without compromising heavily on speed or performance – a great alternative to using both Tor and VPN.
SurfShark Camouflage
As the name suggests, SurfShark Camouflage disguises the fact that users are connected to a VPN. This is useful when connecting to sites that may automatically block VPN access, and it also prevents your internet service provider from identifying that you’re using a VPN.
SurfShark Cleanweb
All users get to use SurfShark Cleanweb, a tracker and ad-blocker which works more effectively than some free plugins, and can be used with all major browsers.
Streaming With SurfShark
You can unblock a large range of streaming services with SurfShark.
If you’re looking for a VPN to stream content or bypass geo-restrictions, then SurfShark is a great choice.
Their large number of servers generally allow users to bypass restrictions on most streaming services, and SurfShark have dedicated support for Amazon Fire sticks and Android TV – with full clients available to download for these devices.
SurfShark also allows customers to connect to servers that are optimized for streaming, which prioritize connection speed and select servers closest to your location. Likewise, all SurfShark VPN servers have unlimited bandwidth and low latency to give the best streaming experience.
How Much Is SurfShark VPN?
SurfShark has attracted significant attention in part to its incredibly low price. Subscriptions start from just $1.99 per month when billed in a lump sum of $47.76 – offering two full years of protection, one of the cheapest options in the entire VPN industry.
Users can also subscribe for shorter plans, such as a yearly subscription for $5.99 per month, billed in a lump sum of $71.88. As you can see, SurfShark is actually one of the few services that make it cheaper to subscribe for two years than just one.
Included in all subscription plans is unlimited device support, which lets any number of users across any supported device connect via a single subscription plan. This offers incredible value for money, as essentially one plan could cover an entire household, or you could share your subscription with close friends.
As far as privacy is concerned, SurfShark offers some of the best ways to pay, accepting all major credit and debit cards, while also allowing users to pay for their subscription in Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple.
If you’re privacy focused, then the option to pay in a range of cryptocurrencies means you never have to reveal your payment information to SurfShark.
SurfShark Summary
For a VPN service that’s just four years old, SurfShark have managed to build a leading VPN that challenges larger providers head-on.
With a large range of servers in multiple locations worldwide, there’s plenty of choice for even the most demanding of users, and it’s easy to download SurfShark clients and encrypt your traffic.
There are a few less specialty servers than say NordVPN or ExpressVPN however, so if you’re a particularly demanding user you may want to double check that SurfShark is right for you.
If affordability is important, SurfShark is among the best value for money VPN on the market, especially given its unlimited device support. As a result, we can highly recommend SurfShark for users who are looking to protect their families devices within a home network, or perhaps small business users.
A few years ago, setting up a VPN or connecting to a VPN protocol would have required a decent degree of technical knowledge, a fair amount of time, and some patience.
Nowadays, it’s incredibly easy for even the least tech-savvy user to set up a VPN on any manner of device, be it a desktop computer, smartphone, or even a smart device like an Amazon Firestick.
That’s because every major VPN provider has tailor-made apps for most operating systems and devices, which guide you through the installation process and automatically configure your VPN connection.
Nevertheless, there may be times when you want to manually configure your VPN connection on your device, for example to connect to a different VPN protocol that’s not offered by your VPN providers, or change certain parameters for your connection.
Here, we’re going to look at how you would go about configuring a VPN protocol on Windows, MacOS, Android, and iOS.
Setting up a VPN on Windows
The Windows OS has a built-in client for setting up a VPN connection, which creates a secure tunnel between your computer and your network. Let’s discover how you can establish a VPN connection on Windows 10.
1. Navigate to your search bar, and search for ‘VPN’.
2. You will see an option to ‘Add a VPN connection’. Click this and the settings window will open, with a few options for VPN configuration. Select ‘Add a VPN connection’ at the top of the window, next to the ‘plus’ box.
3. You’ll now be prompted to add some information about your VPN connection. You should note that you’ll still need a VPN provider to connect, as they will provide you with a server name and address, and also a connection name. Fill in the information from your VPN provider in the fields shown below. Click save.
4. Now, you’ll need to select your new VPN network as your preferred connection in the connection options. Open up your system tray, and select your WiFi options. You should see your created VPN on the list of available networks. Select your connection and enter the password your VPN provider gave you if prompted.
5. You should now be connected successfully to your VPN, but you can check its status on IPLeak.net, which should let you know your current IP. If it’s showing your true location, you’ve likely got an IP leak and you’ll need to reconfigure your connection.
Most earlier versions of Windows will have a similar set up experience, so if you’ve got your VPN provider’s information to hand it shouldn’t take long to set up a manual VPN connection.
Setting up a VPN on MacOS
It’s just as easy to set up a VPN on an Apple Mac. The procedure for MacOS is similar for all recent builds, so this guide should cover your device.
Navigate to the Apple menu using the Apple logo at the top of the screen. From here, select ‘System Preferences’, and choose ‘Network’.
Similar to Windows, you’ll see an ‘add’ icon. Click this and then select ‘VPN’. You’ll now be prompted to choose which type of VPN you want, for example IKEv2 or IPSec. Select your preferred protocol and click ‘Create’.
Enter the details your VPN provider supplied, and add any advanced information that’s been supplied to you such as DNS servers or proxy information. You can then click ‘Apply’ and ‘Ok’ to complete the setup.
Like Windows, you now simply have to connect to the newly created VPN connection through your network options, which is as easy as connecting to a new WiFi source.
If you need additional guidance, read Apple’s official guide here.
Setting up a VPN on Android
Just like desktops, you can establish a manual VPN connection on your mobile device, although the options for doing so are often a little harder to find. Here’s a step by step guide to help you through.
Navigate to your settings menu, select ‘Network and Internet’ and then ‘Advanced’. Expand the ‘Advanced’ menu to reveal the option to add a VPN.
Click on the VPN option, and you’ll see a list of all the current VPN apps you have installed. To add a manual connection, click the plus sign in the top right corner.
Like on desktop, you’ll be prompted to add information provided by your VPN service. Fill in all fields, and your new VPN connection will appear alongside your VPN apps. Simply click to connect and you’re ready to go!
Read Google’s official VPN setup advice here.
Setting up a VPN on iOS
The following steps can be used to set up a VPN connection on both an iPhone and iPad in no time at all. Here’s how easy it is:
Go to general Settings, and then navigate to ‘VPN’. You’ll see an option to ‘Add VPN Configuration’.
Click this, and then similar to MacOS select which type of VPN protocol you want.
You’ll now be prompted to enter the details provided by your VPN provider, such as server address and VPN name.
Tap ‘Done’, and then head back to the ‘VPN’ settings options. Select your manual VPN, and toggle to ‘connected’ – you’re all set!
If you need more help, read Apple’s official guide here.
Ready to set up your VPN?
It’s fairly easy to set up a manual VPN, but if you still don’t feel up to the task, we recommend purchasing a dedicated VPN service like Nordvpn or Expressvpn.
Read more about these services here!
When we read about emails and social media accounts being ‘hacked’, many of us imagine a cyber villain using advanced techniques or deploying code to force access to our accounts.
In reality, most breaches occur using far simpler techniques called ‘phishing’ and usually, it’s partly the fault of the user.
Phishing tricks users into revealing their login information through legitimate looking websites and emails, and relies on the fact that most people use the same email and password combination for multiple sites.
According to cyber security researchers from Kaspersky Labs, the second quarter of 2019 saw 130 million phishing attacks – and this number is rising every year.
The trouble is, most users have multiple accounts for separate services, and remembering unique and robust passwords for all of them is impossible. Luckily, there’s a solution.
Password managers secure and encrypt all of your passwords in one place, which means you can use unique passwords without having to remember them all. Here, we’re going to review some of the leading password managers on the market today.
1. 1Password
1Password offers some of the best features for the price of any password manager.
1Password is a highly trusted password manager based in Ontario, Canada. Established by AgileBits in 2006, 1Password protects users’ passwords with PBKDF2 and AES-256 bit encryption, with a centralized vault that they control.
1Password’s long and incident-free history has made it one of the most trusted password managers in the world, used by over 15 million customers. It’s also got extra features such as 2FA, a digital wallet for saving users’ payment information, and the 1Password Watchtower, which informs users if their details have been exposed in a breach.
The service has a useful browser extension for Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge, and Opera browsers, which autofills passwords without users having to remember them. Instead, users simply remember a single password to their 1Password vault to unlock all their accounts.
1Password is very reasonably priced, at just $2.99 per month when billed annually, or $4.99 per month for its ‘family’ plan, which covers up to five people.
2. LastPass
LastPass supports multiple devices, including mobile, desktop, and smart devices.
Trusted by over 17 million customers worldwide, LastPass is a long-serving password manager from the USA, which is owned and operated by cyber security company LogMeIn Inc.
LastPass helps users create strong passwords, aggregates login details, and protects all user passwords in their vault, which is secured by AES-256 and SHA-256 bit encryption.
Like some of the others on this list, LastPass allows you to sync usernames and passwords across all your devices, meaning that you’ll get autofill data on your phone, desktop, tablet, or even smart watch through the LastPass app. There are extensions available for all major browsers, and it’s easy to login across multiple devices using LastPass.
There is a free version of LastPass, but LastPass Premium costs just $3 per month, billed at $43.20 per year after tax. Alternatively, LastPass offers a family plan which gives up to 6 licences for $48.00 annually.
We recommend paying a little extra per month for premium, as you can get up to 1 GB of encrypted file storage, advanced multi-factor options, and priority tech support, as well as all the features offered in the free version.
3. TrueKey
TrueKey is built and operated by veteran cyber security company McAfee .
Built by veteran cyber security company McAfee, TrueKey is a comprehensive password manager that uses AES-256 encryption to protect users login credentials. With multi-factor authentication, digital wallets, and cross device synchronization, TrueKey is packed-full of market leading features.
TrueKey supports Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, and browsers including Chrome, Firefox, and Edge. The free version of TrueKey lets users store up to 15 passwords and comes with all the full features.
However, if you’re a power user who needs more space, you could upgrade to TrueKey premium, which is one of the cheapest paid password managers at just $19.99 per year, and allows unlimited passwords to be stored.
4. Dashlane
DashLane is an easy to use password manager for Windows, Apple, and mobile users.
Established in 2012, Dashlane is a password manager from the USA which protects passwords and login information with AES-256 encryption. Using a single password, users can access multiple accounts, secured using two-factor authentication.
DashLane is available for Windows devices, MacOS, iOS, and Android, so it’s currently a little limited compared to some of the other password managers we’ve reviewed here.
Although Dashlane is a freemium product, there’s a paid premium version which offers unlimited passwords and devices, while also monitoring leaked account data on the dark web for its users, and providing a basic VPN service.
Users of the free version of Dashlane can only store 50 passwords on one device. As a result, we recommend using the premium version of Dashlane at $3.33 per month, which provides far more features than the free version for a tiny price.
Should You Use a Password Manager?
No matter who you are and what you do on the web, you should consider using a password manager.
Not only does it take the stress out of remembering multiple passwords, and makes it easier to login across devices, but it also offers a greater level of protection and encryption for all your passwords.
All the password manager services we’ve reviewed here are great choices for boosting the security of your login information online.
Anyone who has taken an interest in privacy and anonymity online will have come across both Tor and VPNs, powerful tools in the fight for net neutrality and preserving your right to privacy on the internet.
But choosing between these two technologies, determining their use in certain situations, or learning how to leverage the power of both can be difficult, especially for new users.
Here, we’re going to give you a quick overview of both Tor and VPNs, where you might use one or the other, and scenarios where you may want to leverage both.
What Is A VPN?
VPNs provide powerful encryption for your traffic. Photo by Petter Lagson on Unsplash
A virtual private network, or ‘VPN’, creates a private network from a public internet connection.
VPNs mask your data and personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses, which make it incredibly difficult for the websites you visit and other prying eyes from seeing information about you.
Most people will use a VPN through a dedicated provider, who offer handy and user friendly applications for all major devices, making it incredibly easy to encrypt your internet traffic without any technical knowledge. This is part of the reason that VPNs have become so popular in recent years.
When Should You Use A VPN?
If you regularly use public WiFi networks for work or even private browsing, you should definitely use a VPN service. This is because hackers can read sensitive information you send via public networks, which may include payment and login information.
VPNs are also useful if you’re travelling in a foreign country which blocks services you regularly use, such as Facebook or Twitter, as they can let you bypass national-level restrictions on certain websites.
They can also be used to access services which are geo-restricted, for example US-Netflix or foreign social media sites, allowing you to access that site as if you were in a different supported country.
Some popular VPN services include NordVPN, ExpressVPN, and CyberGhost, all of which protect your data while you’re using the web.
What is Tor?
The Onion Router, or ‘Tor’ project, is an open source network of ‘tor’ nodes which routes user traffic through several locations before reaching its destination. As these nodes are distributed and run independently of one another, they don’t share information or sensitive data.
Just like layers of an onion peeling away, each tor exit node that your traffic is routed through provides an additional layer of protection, obfuscating data which could reveal your true identity, such as IP and DNS addresses. Instead, Tor simply shows the information of the last ‘node’ that your data passed through to any prying eyes.
There are a few limitations of Tor, namely the fact that anyone with enough tech know-how can run a Tor node, and potentially read certain identifiable data if they happen to be the last node your data passes through.
This scenario can be guarded against somewhat by using the official Tor browser from the Tor Foundation, which uses encrypted versions of web pages for most sites. It can also be used to access the ‘deep web’, if a user desires.
As Tor is an open-source network, it can sometimes perform fairly slowly compared to using the normal unprotected web.
When Should You Use Tor?
Tor is best suited for users who are serious about their privacy, and don’t mind sacrificing a little speed and performance to get it. Whereas a normal VPN service will slow down your browsing almost indistinguishably, browsing over Tor can be a much slower experience.
That said, if your job requires you to share or access information totally anonymously, you might want to explore using Tor.
Using Tor & VPNs Simultaneously
If your freedom depends on staying private and anonymous online, there may be times you need to use both a VPN and a Tor connection to encrypt your traffic.
For example, if you’re a journalist or you work in the media, there are certain laws about protecting your sources, and a VPN or Tor alone might not cover these instances.
Keep in mind that using both of these protections could slow down your browsing experience, and some sites may not work at all using these methods.
But for the average user, you’re not going to need to use both a VPN and Tor simultaneously. Not only will your internet speed be negatively affected, but you’ll also be required to fill in Captcha forms for most websites and search engines who flag your traffic as unfamiliar – leading to an unpleasant online experience.
Conclusion – Tor or VPN?
Which service you choose will depend on what type of user you are. It’s far easier for beginner users to download a VPN client from a popular provider and encrypt their traffic at the touch of a button.
On the other hand, Tor is better suited to slightly more advanced users, as to leverage the benefits of the Tor network properly you’ll want to make sure you’ve downloaded the official Tor Foundation browser.
Using Tor can slow your browsing speed, and some surface-web sites will block access to traffic coming from a Tor node – so you may be locked out of certain sites. If you use Tor and a VPN simultaneously, your connection will be ultra secure, but likely very slow.
As a result, we would probably recommend most users encrypt their traffic and protect their identity using a VPN service.
To find out more about VPNs and discover some of the most highly rated VPN providers, read more here.
Torrenting is a type of file sharing that uses a widespread distribution of users, called ‘swarms’, to distribute and share files over a peer-to-peer network.
Although torrenting is often associated with illegal file sharing, such as the distribution of movies and music without the proper sharing rights, it’s also often used to download large and legitimate files in an easy and quick way.
However, when you connect to a torrenting network, your IP is exposed because of the network’s peer-2-peer (P2P) nature. As a result, many users leverage the protection of a VPN to obfuscate their personal information, such as location and traffic data.
Some VPNs can slow torrenting speeds, or alternatively prevent you from torrenting all together. In this article, we’re going to take a quick look at the top VPNs for safely torrenting files, while maintaining performance.
1. NordVPN
NordVPN style themselves as the best VPN for P2P downloading.
A highly popular VPN service based in Panama, NordVPN is well known for its affordable and feature-rich VPN service. With over 5,500 servers, NordVPN has one of the largest selection of VPN connections in the world, which makes it a great choice for speed and reliability while torrenting.
NordVPN have dedicated P2P servers tailored specifically for torrenting, which are easily accessible through their desktop app. Simply select one of these servers when you want to torrent files, and you’ll be protected.
Another nice feature of NordVPN is that if it detects you’re using P2P traffic while you connect to one of their servers, it will automatically connect you to a specialty P2P server in either Canada or the Netherlands.
NordVPN subscriptions start from just $3.46 per month, and they have apps available for Windows, MacOS, Android, and iOS.
2. ExpressVPN
ExpressVPN support torrenting via uTorrent.
Based in the British Virgin Islands, ExpressVPN is one of the largest and most well-established VPN operators in the world. ExpressVPN has over 3,000 servers in 94 countries worldwide, which makes it particularly well-suited to torrenting.
ExpressVPN has dedicated support for uTorrent, a popular and trusted way to download via the BitTorrent protocol. Using ExpressVPN with the uTorrent protocol hides your IP, and keeps no connection logs or activity logs
To use ExpressVPN with uTorrent, users simply have to connect to any VPN server available – however download speeds will be faster over certain connections. It’s not currently known if ExpressVPN supports other torrent protocols.
ExpressVPN subscriptions start from $8.32 per month, and they have apps for Windows, MacOS, Android, and iOS devices.
3. CyberGhost
CyberGhost has one of the largest number of servers of any VPN provider.
Established in pro-privacy Romania, CyberGhost is a major VPN provider that consistently provides new internet privacy and safety features to its users. Launched in 2011, CyberGhost has an enormous 6,351 servers worldwide, which allows them to offer unrestricted access to torrenting services and protocols.
As one of the most private VPN providers, CyberGhost has a special mode for torrenting anonymously, which can be easily accessed through their desktop app. You can also add torrent clients to CyberGhost’s app, and modify certain features to make your connection even more private.
Once you connect via a CyberGhost VPN server, as long as you’ve selected ‘Torrent Anonymously’, you should be protected on all torrenting protocols.
CyberGhost is a very affordable VPN service starting at just $2.75 per month, and it provides full clients for Windows, MacOS, and mobile devices.
4. SurfShark
SurfShark support multiple torrenting protocols.
SurfShark is a British Virgin Islands based VPN provider established in 2016. A well-respected service, SurfShark had grown quickly during its short lifetime, offering many services which rival that of larger and better-established VPN providers.
SurfShark has over 1,700 servers across 60 countries, offering a good deal of variety for those looking to torrent. Like other providers, SurfShark has special servers for P2P traffic, which automatically connect when the SurfShark app detects that you’re downloading a torrent.
SurfShark specifically allows access to multiple torrenting services and protocols, such as Ace Player, VLC, PopcornTime, and also P2P file share networks such as BitTorrent, Vuze, and Transmission.
A very cheap VPN provider, SurfShark subscriptions start from just $1.99 per month, and they have full applications for all major operating systems and mobile devices.
Best VPN for Torrenting?
Overall, NordVPN offers the best torrenting experience. Due in large part to their huge range of servers, NordVPN are able to offer uninterrupted torrenting from virtually anywhere in the world, without compromising on speed or bandwidth.
With dedicated peer-2-peer servers that are easily accessible through their desktop app, NordVPN makes it easy to ensure you’re never torrenting while exposing your true location.
Close runner-up is CyberGhost. A highly affordable VPN service, CyberGhost has special options for torrenting and also provides access to a huge range of servers, which allow fast and uninterrupted downloads on P2P networks.
If you’d like to read full reviews on any of these VPN services, check out the rest of our site.
A veteran of the industry and one of the most popular VPN providers worldwide, NordVPN is probably one of only a handful of VPN services that is well-known by mainstream users.
Established in 2012 in Panama, NordVPN provides a comprehensive and highly affordable VPN service which gives its customers great value for money. It’s Panama-based headquarters also prevents the service from having to respond to data requests by prying eyes, and lets NordVPN maintain a strict no-logs policy.
With easy to download full clients and apps for every major device, including Windows, iMac, Linux, Android, and iOS, NordVPN is suitable for any type of user from beginner to advanced – and there’s support for up to six devices on one subscription.
So, let’s explore the features that have contributed to NordVPN’s success, and examine how useful its VPN service is in maintaining your privacy online.
What Are NordVPN’s Privacy Features?
Connect to one of NordVPN’s servers in multiple countries worldwide.
VPNs provide privacy in a number of ways, by obfuscating your location, masking your IP and DNS addresses, and connecting to servers in different countries to make it appear you’re browsing from elsewhere.
NordVPN has more to offer in terms of privacy and traffic encryption than most other VPN providers. This includes one of the largest range of servers in the world, with over 5,200 servers in 59 countries, a multitude of specialty server types, and the option to use CyberSec – NordVPN’s malware and spam blocking service.
There’s also a built-in killswitch, which prevents any data from entering or leaving your device should your VPN service disconnect, and there’s also an option to launch NordVPN at startup so you never forget to turn your VPN on.
Let’s take a detailed look at some of NordVPN’s server types.
Double VPN
NordVPN’s ‘double VPN’ feature routes traffic through two separate servers, essentially making it doubly difficult for a website to determine your IP.
If you’re particularly concerned about privacy, or you’re a politically exposed person, then a double VPN is a great choice. NordVPN are one of a small handful of VPN providers to offer this service.
Onion over VPN
The Tor network, which uses ‘onion routers’, routes traffic through several tor servers before it reaches its end destination. These servers are particularly robust at protecting traffic, and can offer a better layer of protection than a traditional VPN connection.
NordVPN lets users connect through an onion router to provide a more robust connection than simply using one of their basic VPN connections – however your traffic may be slower.
Obfuscated servers
For those accessing the web in countries where governments impose geo-restrictions, it can be hard to use the internet even using a standard VPN connection.
Instead, obfuscated servers offered by leading VPN providers like NordVPN are able to bypass internet restrictions and network firewalls even at a country level. This makes NordVPN incredibly useful for expats and tourists visiting countries like China, where Western social media sites may be blocked.
Streaming With NordVPN
With NordVPN’s SmartPlay, you don’t have to compromise on streaming speed.
Many users want a VPN to bypass geo-restrictions on streaming services, such as Netflix, Amazon Prime, and Hulu – but not all VPN services can guarantee access.
Because of its massive range of servers, NordVPN is able to provide access to a huge number of streaming services, including US Netflix, and they also use their own special technology called SmartPlay.
SmartPlay automatically configures users IP and DNS locations for best performance streaming, no matter their original location. To use streaming services with NordVPN, you just connect to a server in the country you want content from.
There’s also no notable difference in speed when using NordVPN to stream, as all users have unlimited bandwidth, and there’s plenty of servers to choose from.
How Much is NordVPN?
Concerned about privacy? Pay for your NordVPN subscription with Bitcoin or Ethereum to protect your payment information.
Although it’s one of the most feature-rich VPN services, NordVPN is also among the cheapest. There are multiple membership options, starting from just $3.49 a month if you buy a 3-year subscription.
There are also options to pay monthly, which is significantly more at $11.95 per month. Students can get 15% off their subscription fees, and there’s also an option to pay for your subscription in Bitcoin or Ethereum if you’re privacy focused.
Keep in mind that if you buy a three-year subscription, although you’ll save 70% compared to paying month-by-month, you’ll need to pay $125.64 upfront – but it’s still a great way to save money.
NordVPN Summary
NordVPN is one of the most cost-effective and private VPN providers, offering a feature-rich service for a tiny monthly price.
It’s incredibly easy to download and install the NordVPN app on any device, and there are plenty of useful features for both beginner users and power users alike.
Compared to other VPN services which are less well-established, NordVPN offers access to one of the largest ranges of specialty servers in the industry, which is great for those looking to maximise their privacy online, or connect from a restricted country.
Overall, NordVPN is one of the most highly recommended VPN services in the world, and we think it will suit the privacy needs of any kind of user.
Having provided VPN services for over a decade, ExpressVPN is one of the most popular and best-known internet privacy companies in the world. From their headquarters in the British Virgin Islands, ExpressVPN offers a complete VPN service which is perfect for those who demand a little more privacy.
With support for every major operating system, both desktop, mobile and leading games consoles, ExpressVPN can be used to enhance your privacy across all your devices; and there’s no complicated setup procedures – which makes it perfect for casual users.
ExpressVPN has a robust ‘no-logs’ policy, which means they never keep user data – such as browsing history or session history – on their servers, and they don’t respond to requests from law enforcement.
Here, we’re going to explore some of ExpressVPNs leading features and what makes this VPN provider so well respected.
What Are ExpressVPN’s Privacy Features?
ExpressVPN has plenty of proprietary and leading privacy features.
Like many of the leading VPN providers, ExpressVPN is able to offer exceptional service due in part to their huge range of servers. With over 3,000 servers in 94 countries worldwide, users can connect to a VPN in almost any location imaginable.
This also enables ExpressVPN to offer an incredibly fast VPN service, allowing users to connect to the best servers for consistent and impressive speeds, low latency, and reliability.
All of ExpressVPN’s servers are protected with military-grade AES-256 encryption, which protects against IP and DNS leaks no matter which server location you choose.
Like many popular VPN services, ExpressVPN also provides a network lock killswitch, which instantly blocks all traffic coming in or out of your device should you lose your VPN connection.
Let’s explore some of ExpressVPN’s other proprietary and leading server technology.
Split Tunneling
Using a VPN to encrypt all of your traffic data can be overkill, especially if you regularly login to websites for work which might not recognize your login through a VPN. Instead, ExpressVPN allows users to bypass this via ‘split tunnelling’.
One of the few VPN providers to offer this feature, split tunneling essentially allows you to whitelist access to certain sites, routing a portion of your traffic through a VPN, and bypassing traffic encryption on sites you regularly access and trust.
TrustedServer Technology
Proprietary to ExpressVPN, TrustedServer ensures that data is wiped with no chance of recovery every time ExpressVPN servers are rebooted. As a result, even if a third-party somehow managed to gain access to ExpressVPN’s servers, there wouldn’t be any data available to view.
This is made possible by special servers made by ExpressVPN, which only use RAM memory – ensuring that nothing is written to a hard disk.
Zero-Knowledge DNS
When you connect to a website, it will collect certain information from your session through a ‘domain name system’. Even if you’re using a VPN, some websites may still be able to see real information about you.
ExpressVPN uses separate DNS servers every time you connect to a website to ensure your DNS data isn’t leaked or revealed to third-parties.
Streaming With ExpressVPN
Take advantage of unlimited streaming with ExpressVPN.
According to their website, ExpressVPN offers unlimited access to streaming services with no restrictions on bandwidth or data.
In addition to bypassing geo-restrictions on social media sites like Facebook and Instagram, which is perfect for those travelling abroad, ExpressVPN guarantees access to Netflix, Disney Plus, Prime Video, Hulu, HBO, ESPN, BBC iPlayer, and music streaming services such as Spotify.
As a result, ExpressVPN is one of the best options for those looking for a VPN service exclusively for streaming, as it’s one of the few sites that can promise access to a range of services.
How Much is ExpressVPN?
Although it’s one of the leading providers, ExpressVPN does come in at a premium price. There’s little in the way of discount for long-term subscribers, with a monthly price of $8.32 if users subscribe for a whole year.
Paying month-by-month costs $12.95 per month, which is fairly pricey compared to close competitor NordVPN, however this does allow you to cover up to five devices simultaneously.
All plans offer a 30-day money back guarantee, so if you’re not happy with your service, you can always cancel before this period is up.
ExpressVPN Summary
When it comes to features, there are few VPN providers who come close to ExpressVPNs excellent range of server locations, robust privacy enhancing tools, and unparalleled access to streaming services. One of the only ones is NordVPN who we have also reviewed.
With easy to install clients for every major device, and extended support to games consoles and smart devices, there’s plenty of scope for any level of user to get the most out of ExpressVPN, and do so with ease.
Similarly, just as ExpressVPN is suitable for the average user, there are also plenty of other advanced features, like split-tunneling and TrustedServer technology, which will make the service highly appealing to privacy-focused users.
Although it’s one of the more expensive VPN providers at almost $100 for the year, it’s arguably worth it, providing access to many features that simply can’t be found elsewhere.
If you’re not on a budget and privacy and reliability matters to you, then ExpressVPN is a highly recommended VPN service.