http://www.cutandpastescripts.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy Policy covering Cut and Paste Scripts
UK Internet Sites Limited.
Dept. Cut and Paste Scripts,
Olympic House, 142 Queen Street,
Glasgow, G1 3BU,
United Kingdom.
http://www.cutandpastescripts.com
General policy
Cut and Paste Scripts, respects your privacy. The information that you provide us with, or that is gathered automatically helps us and third parties to monitor our service and provide you with the services that you have subscribed to. Please bear in mind that any personal information that you submit through forums, letters/emails for publication and the like may be collected by others. If you have any concerns, questions or comments please email webmaster@cutandpastescripts.com
Email newsletters
Cut and Paste Scripts operates email newsletters on many of its sites. These are free to sign up to. What we ask of you is your email address, at times we may ask you for further information, which is used for demographic purposes.
Our newsletters may contain promotions or advertisements from various businesses or information on other sites or services that we offer. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter you may do so by visiting the site you signed up with and using the unsubscribe facility. You may also email the website editor although it may take a longer time before your email address is removed than with the automatic unsubscribe facility.
Registration
You can choose to register with our site. This will allow you to access to extra services that we provide for you. You are then added to a mailing list which sends monthly updates about the Cut and Paste Scripts site or service, you may ask to be removed from this at any time by contacting webmaster@cutandpastescripts.com.
Third party sites
Many of our sites operate with third party sites (such as online shops). We may, on occasion, share non-personal aggregated information to these third parties.
Cookies
We use 'cookies' to track advertising information and website usage. On certain sites, or third party sites we may utilise cookies for other purposes such as order tracking in online shops or for targeting advertisements to particular types of visitor.
Surveys
On occasion we may conduct online surveys. This is used to gauge our service, collect demographic information and other information that we may find useful. These surveys are optional. We may share non-personal, aggregated information with third parties.
Affiliates
Many of our sites have affiliated websites operated by third parties. The content on these sites are not under our control. If you have any questions concerning these sites and the usage of them we suggest that you contact the webmaster of the site directly.
Security
While we strive to keep the information that you supply directly or indirectly secure please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure medium.
Competitions
From time to time we operate competitions and promotions. Participation in these is optional. Information submitted may be submitted to third parties, check individual competition rules. You may also be given an option to sign up for a free email newsletter, opting out of this does not disqualify you from a competition. Usage of information
If requested we may submit your information to local or government authorities.
Corrections/updates
You may unsubscribe from our newsletters using the facilities available on the website you signed up with or by emailing the relevant online editor. If you have any problems please email webmaster@cutandpastescripts.com
Policy changes
By using our site you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
* New * Web Hosting Service From Cut And Paste Scripts
Professional web site hosting with a very low yearly fee!Your Choice Budget - Hosting in USA, Canada, UK & Europe.
Welcome!
Sign up
Member Login
News
Feedback
Support
About us
Demos!
Guestbook
Form Processing
Newsletter
Counter
Redirection
Voting
Random Images
Recommendation
Text Counter
Random Text
Random Links
Countdown
Member Login!
To login to your account, click here
Cut and Paste Scripts is designed and developed by UK Internet Sites Limited © 1999-2008.
All rights reserved.By using this site you agree to our Terms and Conditions and also our Privacy statement.Cut and Paste Scripts is sponsored by Paid On Results - Affiliate Marketing.