http://www.tools4tape.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is:
http://www.tools4tape.com/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Search for:
Recent Posts
How To Be Successful With E-Mail Marketing
What You Need To Know About Email Marketing
Looking For Good Information About Email Marketing? See The Article Below!
ValidityEverest Reaches New HeightsHave you heard the big news? Huge news, in fact? Yes, Mount Everest is now a little bit higher. I can only surmise this change is in response to our news about Everest, the email platform, and how it is bigger and better than anything else we’ve seen yet. To share in Mount Everest’s magnificent […]Email & Ecommerce: Christmas 2020 TrendsIn the first post of our Holiday Reading Series, we considered how 2020 was a catalyst for email innovation and adoption of new technology. November saw major retailers launch their Christmas TV campaigns. For some, like John Lewis, it’s a major end-of-year media event, and consumers await each year’s new seasonal blockbuster with bated breath. […]2020 State of Email Live…Wrapped!Here we are, folks. What a ride it’s been this year! We’ve done the State of Email Live webinars for most of the year, and each episode brought something new, whether data or expertise from all corners of the industry. We couldn’t just ask our viewers to sift through every webcast to get the information […]How to Please GmailGmail forms a large part of a typical B2C email list and can be a challenging mailbox provider (MBP) when it comes to email deliverability. We regularly get asked for the Gmail secret sauce, but it’s not that simple, given they operate a highly sophisticated AI-powered filtering solution. However, there are several practices Gmail likes […]Innovation Starts With “A”For many, 2020 has been one of the most challenging years ever, and that includes for email marketing. One upside is that innovation thrives during periods of disruption, and we’ve seen many examples this year. In this blog, we’ll review how this has reshaped email marketing—for the better! Authentication: The COVID-19 pandemic provided many new […]Speed Up Your Sales Cycle with DataLet’s be honest, 2020 was not a great year for many businesses. With COVID-19 still ravaging economies around the globe, finding ways to improve sales continues to be top of mind for many. Thankfully, there are some simple steps businesses can take to help enhance their sales processes and customer engagement efforts. Making sure customer […]LOCKDOWN: Email Lessons LearnedMany countries are back in lockdown as the world attempts to flatten COVID-19’s latest surge. When lockdown first became reality back in March/April, email marketers had to adjust their strategies overnight to address a very different set of needs. Recognising “Those who fail to learn from history are destined to repeat it”, I’ve summarised the […]Got DemandTools? Do These 3 Things RIGHT NOWBeing one of the first ever to use DemandTools, I’ve been asked countless times where to start with this amazing suite of data management functionality. Below are my tips for using it to quickly prove how easy it is to get high quality data, once you have the right tools. Find some dupes. DUPLICATES! We […]Seriously, Though. Are You Spam?We hosted Sergey Syerkin and Kjeld Oostra of MailerQ on State of Email Live to give our audience some last-minute guidance before the holiday email rush, and it didn’t disappoint. In fact, we received more questions and commentary than ever before. What I mean to say is, more directly: you should really watch the whole episode.  But for those of you short on […]What’s Beyond the Summit?During our first-ever Summit, an online event designed to bring motivation, tips, and innovation to email marketers around the globe, we asked attendees a few key questions. We wanted to get a sense of goals and ambitions in the years ahead, especially after learning more about Everest, an essential element in optimizing email campaigns beyond […] AWeberThe 10 Best Ways to Use Landing PagesDrive More Referrals with the New Marketing FunnelEmail Marketing vs. Social Media: Which is Better?Understand Email Tagging: The First Step to Segmenting Your Audience20 Holiday Email Subject Lines to Inspire Merry MessagesHow to Create a Winning Call-To-Action on Your Sign Up FormDeck Out Your Email Campaign – 6 Free Holiday TemplatesWhat You Need to Know About Switching Email Marketing ToolsHow Photographer Jared Polin Uses Email Marketing to Create and Drive Traffic to His ContentHow to Get Noticed Online: 5 Steps to Brand your Landing PageSpend Less Time Writing Emails with These 12 Pre-Written Email CampaignsThe Only Email Marketing Best Practices Guide You’ll Need in 2021No Website? No problem! Get Your Business Online with Landing PagesWhat Do Email Design and Legos Have in Common?How to Craft Irresistible Newsletter Content – with Newsletter ExamplesYour Guide to Writing the World’s Best Email Subject LinesGrow Your Podcast with Free Marketing ToolsYour Small Business Saturday & Giving Tuesday Email GameplanConquer email anxiety: 4 tips to overcome your fear of sending emailsFree Small Business Saturday and Giving Tuesday HTML Email Templates
Copyright All right reserved
Theme BCF By aThemeArt - Proudly powered by WordPress .
BACK TO TOP