http://www.computerbase.co.uk/index.php/privacy/
0
was successfully added to your cart.
Computerbase Privacy – Cookie policy
What, when, why: How we handle your data and privacy.
We know these policies can be dull and boring, so we’ve created it in plain english to make it easy to understand, transparent and accessible to everyone, while ensuring we’re in line with the latest GDPR Regulations.
If you have any questions about the way we handle data, please don’t hesitate to get in touch with our lovely team and we’ll be happy to answer any queries you have.
As part of trying to make this Policy Page as simple as possible we have answered the most common data regulation questions one by one below.
What data is being collected?
We collect the following information when you create an account on Computerbase’s site:
Your Name – Used to Identify you.
Company Name – This field is optional, when filled in it allows Computerbase to identify our valued clients.
Your Address – Simply used so we can deliver your system to you.
Your Phone Number – Should your system builder need to contact you to discuss delivery times or other matters concerning your system, we’ll call you on this number.
Who is collecting my data?
Any information collected on the Computerbase website stays at Computerbase, we don’t share your personal data with any of our partners or vendors, no matter how nicely they ask.
How is it being collected?
We use forms on our website to collect information we need to provide our service and products. We also use cookies to track things like how many visitors we get on our website and which type of device you are viewing our website on.
Why is it being collected?
Personal information that is collected with creating an account allows Computerbase to deliver your system to you, and also allows our internal team to improve and develop our website to best suit our users.
Cookies allow us to tailor your browsing experience based on your device size and device settings. We also use Google Analytics to track users on our website. This data allows us to see what pages people are spending lots of time on and what pages people are leaving quickly, meaning we can create more of what is working, and less of the content you are finding boring (not that we would ever call ourselves boring!).
How will it be used?
From time to time we may send you an email to advertise our services or products. We send on average one marketing email every 4 months. You can opt out of these emails at anytime by clicking unsubsubscribe at the bottom of the emails, or by emailing us on support@computerbase.co.ukand asking us to remove you from our mailing list.
Who will it be shared with?
The only time your data is passed to anyone is when you chose to pay by credit card, finance or PayPal. At this point, your name and address as well as the value of the system you are buying is passed directly to First Data or PayPal’s secure payment portal. This data is used for fraud protection and payment processing, it is not retained by these companies for marketing purposes and they act as our trusted payment partners. We do not share your data with any third parties or partners unless you have given us permission to do so, for example in a competition or give-away.
What will be the effect of this on the individuals concerned?
Computerbase is an ethical company and we are proactively doing all we can to give your data the respect it deserves and keeping it safe. Your data is used to help us make your shopping experience more tailored to your needs, understand where our customers are finding, and understand customer browsing patterns throughout our website.
How long does Computerbase keep data?
When you create an account we will keep your account open as long as we can. You can choose to delete your account at any time by contacting our web team and requesting your account to be removed on support@computerbase.co.uk
Is the intended use likely to cause individuals to object or complain?
We have done all we can to make our handling of your data as simple and straightforward as possible. We can think of no reason for any of our valued customers or clients to object to the way we handle their data.
Has Computerbase appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO)?
Yes, John Dollery looks after all things data and GDPR at Computerbase. If you have any questions to do with this policy or anything in connection with data handling he can be reached on johnd@computerbase.co.uk or 01752 668635
Have we done something wrong?
All of our customers and clients have a right to raise a complaint to the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office). If you think that there is a problem with the way we have handled your data, please visit: https://ico.org.uk/.
GDPR regulations are very new and with that, everyone is working to interpret them as accurately and correctly as possible. – this is exactly what we have done here. If you think we have missed something, please get in touch. We’re always looking for ways to improve and value all customer feedback; good or bad.
Contact Sales Tel: 01752 672128
sales@computerbase.co.uk
Contact Support Tel: 01752 668635
support@computerbase.co.uk
Find Us Computerbase Company
27-29 Market Avenue
City Centre
Plymouth
Devon
PL1 1PG
Tel: 01752 672128
© 2020 Computerbase Technology Specialists. Computerbase Company
Gaming PCs
Computerbase Gaming Rigs
Stormforce Gaming Rigs
All Gaming PCs
Education
Education – What we do
Educational – Hardware
Chromebooks
Desktop Pc’s
Interactive Touchscreens
Notebooks
Projectors
PC Desktops
Service
City College Vouchers
Wireless Infrastructure
Business
Managed Services
Services
Cyber Essentials
Desktop PCs
Notebooks/Laptops
Wireless Infrastructure
Sub Contract Engineers
Home Services
Laptop Repair
Computerbase Premium Support
Internet and Networking
Data Recovery
Repairs
Service My Computer
Virus Removal
Home
Find us
Shop
Shop
Products
CABLES
USB Connection
USB Extension
ADSL Cables/Filters
Cable Ties
DVI
DVI Cables
Hdmi
HDMI Cables
Internal PC
Network Cables
Other Cables
PCI Express
Power Blocks
Power Cables
RCA and SCART
Serial
SATA
USB Connection
USB Extension
VGA Cables
COOLING FANS
Heatsinks and Fans
Case Fans
GRAPHICS CARDS
Geforce Graphics Cards
HARD DRIVES
Laptop Hard Drives
Desktop Hard Drives
MEMORY
PC Memory
Notebook Memory
MICE
Gaming Mice
Wired Mice
Wireless Mice
NOTEBOOKS & LAPTOPS
PCs for Gaming
PCs for Home & Work
POWER SUPPLIES
Notebook Power Supplies
PC Power Supplies
PRINTERS
Brother Printers
Epson Printers
More…
Tel 01752 672128