http://www.wap.org/privacy.html
Member Services
TCS Forums
Webmail
Join!
Home
About
Membership
Calendar
Events
Journal
Help
Community
Resources
Whimsy
Twitter
Facebook
Washington Apple Pi
Our servers are located in: Northern Virginia
Our data packets travel: all over the planet
Privacy and Security Notice
Ownership
Washington Apple Pi, Ltd., a nonprofit computer user group with an international
membership, operates a suite of Internet information servers, including
Web
servers, mail servers, list servers and associated supporting services. These
servers were set up and created for the benefit of members of Washington
Apple
Pi, for prospective members, and for those individuals and groups that share
our passion for personal computing, particularly personal computing involving
Apple, Macintosh, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, etc., operating systems. The content of the various servers,
pages, and services is the property of Washington Apple Pi and, in the case
of member
pages,
individual
members of Washington Apple Pi. This information is not in the public domain.
Information Collection
Web Servers
All Web servers need to collect technical information in order to share their
contents with visitors. The technical information (see example
below) identifies what part of a Web site a visiting computer wishes to reach,
and where to send the requested information once it is found. For site management,
this technical information is also used for statistical analysis. Summary
statistics are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of
most and least interest, identifying usage trends over time, determining technical
design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. This information cannot be used to identify individual users.
Product/Membership Order Forms
We maintain online order forms at the request of many of our overseas and
local members. These are
secure order forms like you'll find at most
e-commerce sites. They are
a convenient way to get order information
to the Pi's office manager. If you aren't comfortable submitting payment
information over the Web or by e-mail, you're welcome to print out the forms
and mail them in.
Bulletin Boards and Forums
Messages posted on the TCS forums are
in one of two forms: public or private. Public messages that you post can
be read by any Washington Apple Pi member.
Private messages that you post can be read by yourself, by the recipient
that you name while posting the message, and by a handful of
system operators who keep an eye on the boards and make sure they remain
civil.
For a greater degree of privacy, contact each other via e-mail.
Web Cookies
The Washington Apple Pi TCS forums do use session cookies. These cookies
disappear from your machine as soon as you quit your browser. Form more information,
see our note about cookies on the TCS. Cookies are only used to allow users to keep track of their own interactions; they are not used for marketing, advertising or any other purpose.
Electronic Mail
Electronic mail sent to addresses listed on the Pi's Web sites, such as those
on the Contacts page, is treated no differently than any other electronic
mail. All electronic mail transactions are handled by electronic mail servers,
and do not pass through the Web sites, nor are they monitored or recorded
by the Web sites in any way.
No Internet E-mail system is completely private. Don't ever write anything
online that you wouldn't want read back to you at your hearing.
Mailing Lists
An exception to our rule about recording addresses: if an individual specifically
requests that their E-mail address be added to a Washington Apple Pi mailing
list,
Washington
Apple
Pi does,
indeed, record their E-mail address. Mailing lists are maintained for a variety
of purposes, but generally speaking they are used to notify members and
interested
nonmembers of Washington Apple Pi events.
Passwords and Accounts
Many Washington Apple Pi services are available to members only, and require
an account and password. The account and password provides access to specific
services; aside from the servers involved, nobody else sees (or cares) about
such information, and the servers contain no other identifying information.
Note that the online servers do not have access to the Pi's master membership
database; they merely hold a list of membership numbers and ZIP codes which
are exported from the membership database. Thus in the event of a break-in,
no personally identifying information will be found.
Monitoring
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available
to all users, the Pi Internet information systems employ hardware and software
to monitor network traffic and to identify unauthorized attempts to add or
alter information, or otherwise cause damage or interfere with information
delivery. Except for checking on ne'er-do-wells, no attempt is made to identify
individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs may be stored indefinitely
for use in statistical analysis or to protect the security and integrity
of the computer systems.
Summary
Washington Apple Pi does collect great gobs of incredibly boring raw data
on our Internet services. Some of this raw data is sliced and diced into aggregate
statistics on how our services are used. We use these statistics internally
to improve our services. We do not share this information with other organizations
or groups, either through sale or barter. Even within Washington Apple Pi,
only those members actively assisting in the management of our Internet services
ever get to see these monumentally boring statistics, and we usually have
to beg them to take a peek.
Unauthorized attempts to add information or alter information on these information
services are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer
Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and subsequent laws protecting information systems.
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here,
please send them to webmaster@wap.org.
Example of information collected by this Web site
Web servers keep a record of their activity in a log file. Every time a visiting
computer requests a file from the Web server, a log entry is recorded. A typical
log file entry for the Washington Apple Pi Web site looks like this:
10/10/01 13:19:18 OK 200 somemachine.somenetwork.com Mozilla/4.77 (Macintosh;
U; PPC) http://othermachine.othernetwork.com/neatsites.html "www.wap.org"
:privacy.html 8172
What this entry means:
10/10/01 13:19:18 -- Date and time of the request (24-hour clock).
OK 200 -- Status code of the request. "OK" and a status code of
"200" are equivalent; they mean the requested file was successfully found
and delivered to the requesting (visitor's) computer.
somemachine.somenetwork.com -- Internet address (or IP address,
in the form of 123.123.123.123) of the requesting computer. The last part
of the address, .com, indicates the requesting computer is on a commercial
network. Other commonly seen addresses end in .mil (US military), .net (a
different category of commercial network), .org (nonprofit organization),
.gov (US government agencies, state and Federal), etc. Depending on how
the requesting computer is connected to the Internet, this may not identify
a specific computer.
Mozilla/4.77 (Macintosh; U; PPC) -- Type of browser used by the
requesting computer. In this case, "Mozilla" is the name of Netscape Communicator
4.77, and it is running on a Macintosh, the world's most advanced personal
computer.
http://othermachine.othernetwork.com/neatsites.html -- The Internet
address of the last site visited by the requesting computer, useful in discovering
how visitors found this Web site.
"www.wap.org" -- The Internet address of this Web site. As it is
possible to operate several Web sites on a single computer, the Web server
uses this information to determine which Web site should handle the request.
:privacy.html -- The name of the file requested by the visiting
computer.
8172 -- Size of the requested file, in bytes.