https://www.neupart.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en-us
Products
ISMS package
Secure GDPR
ISO 27005 Risk Management
ISO 27001 Policy and Compliance
Information Security Policies
Compliance Gap Measurement
Security Awareness
Task management - security and compliance
Business Continuity Planning
Events
Resources
Guides & white papers
EU Data Protection Regulation
ISO 27001
Information security adds value
PCI - DSS
GRC Defined
About us
Contact
Newsletter
About Neupart
Privacy Policy
Blog
ENGLISH
GERMAN
NORWEGIAN
DANISH
Privacy Policy
Neupart has created this privacy statement ("Policy") in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy and the confidentiality of our website visitors. We endeavor to comply with all laws pertaining to privacy including the General Data Protection Regulation in the countries in which we operate. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of Neupart.
Use of Personal Information
Information may be collected on an opt-in (voluntary) basis for making contact by email, phone and address and for making use of website features such as discussion forums.
Storage of Personal Information
Information submitted in online forms may be stored in email, files or databases for use in handling and responding to inquiries by Neupart or authorized partners. Subscriber information for mailing lists will be deleted after 2 years of inactivity.
Web Site Access
Neupart collects your personal data in order to respond to your inquiries, identify areas of interest on the website, and identify potential new customers based on website activity. Neupart collects the following categories of ordinary personal data for the above purposes: name, email, phone, and IP address.
Site usage information is not analyzed for other purposes or shared with other sites. Neupart does not sell or share your personal data with anyone outside of Neupart.
Cookies
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit our Website again, the cookie allows the Website to recognize your browser. When you return to the same Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customized features. A cookie is not a program and does not contain viruses.
Why do we use cookies?
Neupart keeps track of the Websites and pages you visit within Neupart, in order to determine what portion of the Neupart Website is the most popular or most used. This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions within the Neupart Website and Subscription Service to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Neupart uses HubSpot as marketing contact management system.
Should you not want any cookies from our web sites, we recommend you adjust your browser settings to provide the desired blocking.
Links
This site contains links to other sites providing related information which we consider to be of benefit to our visitors. Neupart is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The site is audited on a periodic basis to attempt to keep it up to date with good security practices, and protective measures are implemented on the site hosts.
Sharing information with third parties
Neupart does not share information with third parties except with the consent of customers or website visitors, and always in accordance with this policy.
Inquiries and complaints
Please direct inquiries and complaints using the following contact information:
Neupart A/STobaksvejen 23B, 1.DK-2860 SøborgTel. +45 7025 8030info@neupart.com
Changes to this Policy
Neupart may amend this Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes to the way we use your Personal Information we will notify you by e-mail and by a prominent notification on our website.
Get a free personal compliance assesment
Secure ISMS and neupartOne demo webinars
Newsletter
Sign up for our IT GRC newsletter. Once a month we'll send you an update with our latest quality whitepapers, educational webinars, and blog posts. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Sign up
Contact
Email
Support
Sales
Phone
Denmark: +45 7025 8030
About Neupart
Neupart has since 2002 helped enterprises manage complex regulatory mandates and operational risk. We aid businesses, that have little or no information security expertise with consultation  and the all-in-one ISO 27001 Information Security Management System, Secure ISMS, for compliance, risk management and best practices.
© 2020 Neupart    -     Privacy Policy
Questions?
[fa icon="envelope"]  info@neupart.com
[fa icon="phone"]  +45 7025 8030
[fa icon="linkedin-square"] [fa icon="facebook-square"]
[fa icon="chevron-up"]