http://www.aol.com/article/entertainment/2020/09/25/bill-murray-gets-legal-threat-from-doobie-brothers-for-using-song-to-sell-ugly-shirts/24630828/
Stay in the loop! Get breaking news and big stories on your desktop
Notify Me
When prompted, click "Allow" you can always change your mind later.
entertainment
Search The Web
Search Aol.com
Search
Login / Join
Mail
Downloads
AOL App
Discover AOL
MyBenefits
ID Theft Protection
Travel Tips
Games
Favorites
Maps
Tech Help
PC Checkup
Live Help
0°
Enter City/ZIP
City or Zip
Change weather location
Mail
Login / Join
News
U.S. News
World News
Politics
Sports
Science & Tech
Entertainment
Celebrity
Movies
Music
TV
Finance
Business
Careers
Personal Finance
Retirement
Real Estate
My Portfolios
Resources
Taxes
Lifestyle
Style
Beauty
Wellness
Food
Travel
Living
Shop
Video
Games
Bill Murray gets legal threat from classic rock band
Share
Taryn Ryder
Sep 25th 2020 8:10PM
Bill Murray and the Doobie Brothers star in today’s feud you probably didn’t see coming — but then again, it’s 2020.A lawyer for the Doobie Brothers hilariously asked Murray pay up for using one of the group’s songs in a commercial without permission. Attorney Peter T. Paterno fired off a letter to the Caddyshack star and the only way to describe it is epic. It all started when Murray used the hit “Listen to the Music” in an advertisement for his William Murray line of golf clothing. “It’s a fine song. I know you agree because you keep using it in ads for your Zero Hucks Given golf shirts. However, given that you haven’t paid to use it, maybe you should change the company name to ‘Zero Bucks Given,’” Paterno, one of music’s most powerful lawyers, begins. He notes that Tom Johnston of the Doobie Brothers wrote the song.
4 PHOTOS
Bill Murray watches son at March Madness
See Gallery
Bill Murray watches son at March Madness
ORLANDO, FL - MARCH 16:
Actor Bill Murray attends the game between the Xavier Musketeers and the Maryland Terrapins during the first round of the 2017 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament at Amway Center on March 16, 2017 in Orlando, Florida.
(Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
ORLANDO, FL - MARCH 16:
Actor Bill Murray attends the game between the Xavier Musketeers and the Maryland Terrapins during the first round of the 2017 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament at Amway Center on March 16, 2017 in Orlando, Florida.
(Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images)
ORLANDO, FL - MARCH 16:
Actor Bill Murray attends the game between the Xavier Musketeers and the Maryland Terrapins during the first round of the 2017 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament at Amway Center on March 16, 2017 in Orlando, Florida.
(Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
ORLANDO, FL - MARCH 16:
Actor Bill Murray attends the game between the Xavier Musketeers and the Maryland Terrapins during the first round of the 2017 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament at Amway Center on March 16, 2017 in Orlando, Florida.
(Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images)
Up Next
See Gallery
Discover More Like This
HIDE CAPTION
SHOW CAPTION
of
SEE ALL
BACK TO SLIDE
“We understand that you’re running other ads using music from other of our clients. It seems like the only person who uses our clients’ music without permission more than you do is Donald Trump,” the letter continues.“This is the part where I’m supposed to cite the United States Copyright Act, excoriate you for not complying with some subparagraph that I’m too lazy to look up and threaten you with eternal damnation for doing so,” Paterno adds. “But you already earned that with those Garfield movies. And you already know you can’t use music in ads without paying for it.”The letter concludes with one final zinger: “We’d almost be OK with it if the shirts weren’t so damn ugly. But it is what it is.”The Hollywood Reporter’s Eriq Gardner shared the whole letter on Twitter. Bill Murray receives a legal demand from the Doobie Brothers. And it’s everything you’d want it to be... pic.twitter.com/R1L99yZSBj— Eriq Gardner (@eriqgardner) September 24, 2020A lawyer for Murray didn’t immediately respond to Yahoo Entertainment’s request for comment.Paterno is well known in the industry and is even familiar with Murray on the golf course.“He let a foursome I was in play through him once,” Paterno said in an email to the New York Timeson Thursday. “While we teed off, he took a nap, resting his head on the tee marker. It was pretty funny.”Murray started the clothing company with his brothers in 2017. For what it’s worth, the Zero Hucks Given polo shirt is on sale for $49.90.Read more from Yahoo Entertainment:Selena Gomez shows off kidney transplant scar in empowering swimsuit photoCarrie Underwood's son, 5, sings on her new album: 'Proudest mom in the world'Machine Gun Kelly fell 'in love for the first time' with Megan Fox: 'I was like, whoa'
More from Yahoo Music:
Barack Obama shares his 2020 summer playlist and Megan Thee Stallion can't contain her excitement: 'Omg!'
Linkin Park succeeds in getting fan-made Trump campaign ad pulled from Twitter
Country band formerly known as Lady Antebellum sues blues singer Lady A over name
Read Full Story
From Our Partners
The Latest from our PartnersYour best refinance rates for December 2020Refi with no hidden fees/points - as low as 2.34% APR (15yr)Hack your mortgage by refinancing to a 15yr fixedRead more fromForget the 30yr mortgage if you owe less than $726k (Do this instea…How to pay off your house ASAP (So simple it's unbelievable)Congress Gives Veterans A Generous Mortgage Relief ProgramRead more from30 digital gift cards that make great last-minute giftsThis hydrating serum gives you ‘glass skin’ — and estheticians say it’…TikTok found a tattoo tint that makes your brows look perfectRead more fromAn Insane card offering 0% interest until nearly 20217 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent creditCards charging 0% interest until 2021Read more fromSavings Interest Rates SkyRocket After Fed MeetingWith the Recent Rate Hike, CDs Become Best InvestmentMortgage Rates Remain Low by Historical Standards – Experts Urge Locki…Read more fromNotice: cars driven less than 25 miles could pay lessSeniors, get car insurance from $39 per monthQualified zip codes save big on insuranceRead more from
Scroll to continue with content
AD
Recommended For YouReigna King, Uzo Aduba honor Breonna Taylor during Emmys: 'Let's go change the world'Dan Levy urges viewers to vote after historic Emmys win: 'I am so sorry for making th…Queen Latifah gets real about healthcare disparities, systemic racism in the U.S.: 'I…More to Explore
Get breaking news and big stories on your desktop.
Notify Me
When prompted, click “Allow”
You can always change your mind later.
Joe Biden projected to win Michigan
37d
President Trump projected to win battleground state of Florida
37d
President Trump projected to win the battleground state of Ohio
37d
Sen. Lindsey Graham projected to win fourth term in South Carolina
38d
Democrat John Hickenlooper projected to win Senate seat in Colorado...
38d
You have blocked notifications from Aol.com
If you change your mind, here's how to allow notifications:
If you’d like to allow notifications, please go into your browser’s Website or Privacy settings and set the permissions for AOL.com to “Allow.”