http://www.crsprintek.com/terms/
Home
Toner Cartridges
12 Point Checklist
Double Guarantee
Brands We Carry
Brother
Canon Laser Printer Toner
Dell Laser Printer Toner
IBM Ricoh
HP
Lexmark Laser Printer Supplies
Samsung
Laser Printer Repair and Maintenance
Toner Cartridge Recycling
FAQs
About Us
Reviews
News
Contact Us
Terms of Service Agreement
This Agreement was last modified on August 19, 2020.
Please read these Terms of Service (“Agreement”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using this website (“the Site”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site (https://www.crsprintek.com)
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by us and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by us.
The Site has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us at https://www.crsprintek.com/contact-crsprintek-today/
Laser Printer Toner for the Following Brands
Plus more! Call us for details.
CRS Printek
Always Call Us First for Fastest Service
972-881-9538
15950 Dallas Parkway, #400
Dallas, TX 75248
HP laser printer repair is one of the many services we provide. Contact us today for your printer repair solution.
CRS Printek, located in Dallas Texas, is a leader in office printer supplies and printer service that works with small to medium-size businesses to improve their bottom line with customized, alternative toner cartridges and laser printer repair solutions.
Check Out Our Online Listings!
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
Better Business Bureau
Yelp
Yahoo
From