http://www.leadtech.com/terms-of-use
Menu
about us
work with us
Backend
BI
Content and copywriting
Customer Service
Finance
Frontend
Human Resources
Project Management
QA
SEM
SEO
Social Media
Sysadmin
UX
entrepreneurs
investors
contact
Terms of Use
Last updated
December 11, 2020
The present website is owned and operated by Leadtech Innovation S.L. (hereinafter, the “Company”, “we”), VAT number B65053589 with registered address at
.
General
The access and use of the present website is voluntary and free of charge (unless otherwise specified on the website for any particular service) and automatically confers the status of “User” (hereinafter, “the User”, “you”) on anyone who accesses, navigates and/or uses it. Such status implies full acceptance of the Terms of Use of this website (hereinafter the “Terms of Use”). Therefore, we recommend that you carefully read the following Terms of Use before using this website. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms please do not access or use the Site.
We reserve the right to update these Terms of Use at any time, and without prior notice to the Users, for regulatory reasons or because of changes in the provision of services or functionalities of the website. These Terms of Use, as well as any amendments to them, will always be available on the present website and will be applicable as soon as they are published. Therefore, the User acknowledges and accepts that it is their responsibility to periodically review the Terms of Use of our website.
The User accepts to use and navigate through this website complying with all the in force applicable laws and regulations, as well as in accordance with these Terms of Use.
If any part or clause of these Terms of Use is declared null and void by any judicial decision, the remaining clauses will remain valid.
Information and Website Services
Since 2009, we have been fostering innovative and creative techniques across a multitude of industries, making us pioneers in online project management.
The present website is only for adults. Therefore, if you do not have the required legal age under the applicable laws and regulations of your country, please do not visit or use this website. In this sense, the Company reserves the right to block access to this website to Users under said age.
We make our best effort to avoid any errors in the content that may appear on our website. In any case, the Company shall be exempt from any liability deriving from possible errors in the content that may appear on the website, except to the extent required by law.
Consultation of any of the website's content does not in itself constitute any type of contractual relationship between the Company and the User.
Rules of Conduct
At all time the User must always use this website, its content, and services in accordance with the present Terms of Use, the current applicable regulations, common decency, morality, and public order. In particular, but without limitation, the User shall not:
Make inappropriate or illicit use of our website content, as well as the information about the services offered by the Company and/or use it to engage in illegal activities or those harmful to the interests or rights of third parties.
Restrict or prevent any other User from using and enjoying this website.
Copy, distribute or modify any part of this website without prior written authorization from the Company.
Circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or that enforce limitations on the use of the website.
Send or disseminate information, codes or content that could reduce, harm, disturb or impede any User’s access or normal use of this website and/or damage or harm equipment belonging to the Company (like servers or networks connected to the website) or to other Users. This includes but is not limited to malware, viruses, logic bombs, etc.
Breach the Company’s intellectual property rights, this includes but is not limited to, use, modify, create derivative works of, transfer (by sale, resale, license, sublicense, download or otherwise), reproduce, distribute, display or disclose any content of this website, without prior written authorization from the Company.
Breach third parties’ intellectual property rights in connection to the access or use of this website.
The user agrees to respect the industrial and intellectual property rights owned by the Company and third parties.
We reserve the right to block the access of Users who do not comply with these obligations in order to maintain the quality, security, and availability of the present website.
Third Party Websites and Services
The Company holds accounts on different social media platforms in order to promote its services. This website may also contain links that enable the User to share or post information and/or the contents of our website on their social networks. The Company only authorizes references to its contents and information on other websites and/or social networks, provided that these references (i) are respectful toward us or our services in accordance with the rules of healthy criticism and/or the provisions of applicable legislation and (ii) in no case infringe our industrial or intellectual property rights, without having previously obtained our authorization in writing.
Moreover, please note that the third party social networks are bound exclusively by their own Privacy Policies. We encourage Users to read them carefully before using them. The Company under no circumstance will not be held responsible for the third party websites.
Suspension of Access to the Website
We have the right to withdraw or suspend, at any time and without notice, the access and/or the provision of services of the present website to all Users who breach these Terms of Use.
Limitation of Guarantees and Liability
Use of the website is at the User’s own responsibility and risk. We cannot guarantee that the website will be maintained without interruptions, delays, errors or omissions for reasons beyond our control, as well as for possible damages that may be caused by third parties through illegitimate intrusions beyond our control. Therefore, the website content is provided on an “as is” basis, without establishing express or implicit guarantees of any kind.
Neither the Company nor its partners, employees or representatives will, therefore, be liable for any error or omission on the website or for any damage deriving from the use of this website or for any action carried out by the User based on the information provided on it or used by a third party for unlawful purposes and/or to cause damage to third parties or to the Company’s reputation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will exert its best efforts to be as accurate as possible and to avoid mistakes in the content and information on the website. In any case, the Company shall be exempt from any liability arising from possible errors in the content and information that may appear on the web, provided they are not attributable to it.
The Company will be exempt from any liability that may arise from the breach of these Terms of Use by the User. In the same way, the Company will not assume any responsibility for access to this website by Users under the required legal age according to their country’s applicable laws and regulations, being the responsibility of their parents and/or legal guardians to exercise an adequate control over the activity and/or use of the Internet by their dependent children or minors.
We will not assume any liability for any discrepancy that may exist between the printed version of this Terms of Use and the electronic version published on the website, except in cases required by law. In the event of discrepancy between the printed version and the one published on the Website, the printed version shall prevail.
Intellectual Property Rights
The totality of the elements contained on this website, whether it be texts, articles, descriptions, images, graphics, sounds, videos, brands, logos, interactive features or any other element, its structure and design, the selection and presentation of the content and elements included therein, and the software necessary for its operation, access and utilization are property of the Company or, as the case may be, its corresponding licensors. All elements remain protected by industrial and intellectual property rights that must be respected by the User.
The content and information on the present website are provided to the User only to be used for personal and non-commercial purposes. The User can view all the elements of our website, print them, copy them, and store them on their computer or any other physical support, as long as it is solely and exclusively for their personal and private use. However, the reproduction, copying, distribution, public communication, transformation or, in general, any use of the protected elements of this website without the Company's prior written consent is prohibited.
We reserve all industrial and intellectual property rights that are not expressly granted or indicated on this website and that correspond to us in accordance with the current applicable laws and regulations.
Privacy
We reserve the right to access, process, and disclose your personal information, as well as information regarding your use or navigation on our website when necessary for (but not limited to): (i) complying with the applicable legislation, (ii) complying with government requests or judicial or police requirements that we may receive, (iii) preventing, detecting and managing security violations of our website or solving technicals incidents (iv) responding to requests for User support or (v) protecting our intellectual property rights.
The appropriate technical and organizational measures have been adopted in order to guarantee the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and security of the personal data that you provide or that we obtain, in accordance with our Privacy Policy, of your access and/or use of our website, will be processed in accordance with the provisions of our Privacy Policy that you can consult here.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Laws
All issues that arise between the Company and the User regarding the interpretation, compliance, and validity of the present Terms of Use and, where appropriate, the contractual or commercial relationships established with the Company will be governed by Spanish legislation, waiving expressly the parties to any other jurisdiction that corresponds to them and submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts and Tribunals of Barcelona (Spain).
The non-exercise by the Company of any right provided or derived from these Terms of Use shall not be construed, under any circumstances, as a waiver of said right, unless expressly and in writing waived by the Company or legal prescription of the action that in each case corresponds according to the applicable current law or regulation.
Stay tuned with our community
003-facebook-letter-logo
Created with Sketch.
004-linkedin-logo
Created with Sketch.
002-instagram
Created with Sketch.
About us
Let's Talk
Entrepreneurs
Investors
Contact us
Work with us
Content and copywriting
Backend
Business Intelligence
SEO
Finance
SEM
Social Media
User Experience
Quality Assurance
Frontend
Project Management
Customer Service
System Administration
Headquarters
Barcelona
Badalona
United States
© 2020 Leadtech all rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms of Use
We use our own and third party cookies for the correct operation of the site and for technical and analytical purposes based on your browsing preferences. By clicking “Accept” or continuing browsing, you accept the use of cookies. For more information or if you want to configure them,
click
here.
Accept