http://www.epic.org/privacy/amazon/coppacomplaint.html
Before the
Federal Trade Commission
Washington, DC
In the Matter of Amazon.com, Inc.
EPIC Complaint and Request for Injunction, Investigation and for Other Relief
INTRODUCTION
1. This complaint concerns the privacy practices of Amazon.com, Inc. ("Amazon").
As set forth in detail below, Amazon is violating the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). Amazon is a major Internet retailer
that directs portions of its web site towards children and, with actual knowledge
of its actions, collects personal information from children. Under the COPPA,
a company that engages in such activities must comply with specific statutory
requirements. Despite the activities detailed herein, Amazon employs no apparent
procedures to comply with COPPA. We urge the Commission to take immediate
action to investigate the information collection, sharing, and disclosure
practices of Amazon and to enjoin Amazon from violating the COPPA.
PARTIES
2. The Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC") is a non-profit
research organization incorporated in the District of Columbia. EPIC's activities
include the review of government and private sector polices and practices
to determine their possible impact on the privacy interests of the American
public. Among its other activities, EPIC has prepared reports and presented
testimony before Congress and administrative agencies on the Internet and
privacy issues. EPIC has long supported protections for personal information
of children collected on the Internet or through other means.[1]
3. Commercial Alert is a national nonprofit organization whose mission is
to keep the commercial culture within its proper sphere, and to prevent it
from exploiting children and subverting the higher values of family, community,
environmental integrity and democracy.
4. Consumer Action is a San Francisco-based education and advocacy organization
that has worked on banking, telecommunication and privacy issues for more
than 30 years. It distributions more than two million pieces of multilingual
consumer and privacy publications each year through its national network of
more than 6,500 community based organizations.
5. Remar Sutton is the co-founder of the Privacy Rights Now Coalition. The
Privacy Rights Now Coalition endeavors to publicize the efforts of key consumer
groups in the country who deal with privacy issues.
6. The Center for Media Education is a national nonprofit organization dedicated
to creating a quality electronic media culture for children and youth, their
families and the community. CME's research focuses on the potential-and the
peril-for children and youth of the rapidly evolving digital media age. Examining
the issues and framing the discussion surrounding this emerging new media
culture to move responsibly into the digital future is CME's major thrust.
Over the years, CME has been the leading force in expanding both children's
educational television programming and fostering television and Internet safeguard
for children and teens.
7. Consumer Federation of America is a non-profit association of about 300
pro-consumer organizations, founding in 1967 to advance the consumer interest.
8. Junkbusters Corp. is a privacy advocacy firm that helps people get rid
of junk messages of all kinds: spam, telemarketing calls, unwanted junk mail,
junk faxes, and more. Its web site, junkbusters.com, is a leading consumer
resource on the control of junk communications and the protection of privacy.
Founded in April 1996 in Green Brook, New Jersey, Junkbusters Corp. is a small,
privately-held for-profit corporation. The company works with governments,
corporations, trade associations and public interest groups to further the
goals of better privacy protection and stronger rights for individuals to
control information about them and messages sent to them.
9. The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse is a nonprofit consumer information and
advocacy program based in San Diego, California. Privacy Rights Clearinghouse
is an advocate of consumers' privacy rights in local, state, and federal public
policy proceedings, including legislative testimony, regulatory agency hearings,
task forces, and study commissions as well as conferences and workshops.
10. The Media Access Project is a twenty-seven year old non-profit tax exempt
public interest telecommunications law firm which promotes the public's First
Amendment right to hear and be heard on the electronic media of today and
tomorrow.
11. Privacyactivism is a non-profit organization whose goal is to enable
people to make well-informed decisions about the importance of privacy on
both a personal and societal level.
11a. Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility ("CPSR")
provides the public and policymakers with realistic assessments of the power,
promise, and problems of information technology. CPSR members work to direct
public attention to critical choices concerning the applications of information
technology and how those choices affect society.
12. Amazon.com, Inc. ("Amazon") is a publicly traded Internet retailer
that was incorporated in 1994 in Washington State and reincorporated in 1996
in Delaware.[2] Amazon's principal office is located at 1200 12th Avenue South,
Suite 1200, Seattle, Washington 98144-2734.[3] Amazon sells products from
its web site at http://www.amazon.com that include "millions of unique
new, used and collectible items in categories such as apparel and accessories,
electronics, computers, kitchen and housewares, books, music, DVDs, videos,
cameras and photo items, office products, toys, baby items and baby registry,
software, computer and video games, cell phones and service, tools and hardware,
travel services, magazine subscriptions and outdoor living items."[4]
The acts and practices of Amazon are in or affecting commerce as defined in
Section 4 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C. § 44. The Commission
has the authority to enforce the COPPA under 15 U.S.C. § 6502 (c).
THE IMPORTANCE OF PRIVACY PROTECTION
13. The right of privacy is a fundamental right in the United States. The
privacy of an individual is directly implicated by the collection, use, and
dissemination of personal information. The opportunities for an individual
to secure employment, insurance, and credit, to obtain medical services, and
the rights of due process may be jeopardized by the misuse of certain personal
information.
14. Children who use the Internet are at particular risk for privacy violations.
Research conducted in 1996 by Kathryn Montgomery and Shelley Pasnik and published
by the Center for Media Education ("CME"), showed that young children
cannot understand the potential effects of revealing their personal information;
neither can they distinguish between substantive material on websites and
the advertisements surrounding it. Targeting of children by marketing techniques
resulted in the release of huge amounts of private information into the market
and triggered the need for the COPPA.
AMAZON IS IN VIOLATION OF COPPA
COPPA's Requirements
15. Congress enacted COPPA, 5 U.S.C. §§ 6501 et seq., to prohibit
unfair or deceptive acts or practices in connection with the collection, use,
or disclosure of personally identifiable information from and about children
on the Internet. For purposes of COPPA, a "child" is any person
under the age of 13. The Act sets forth responsibilities for operators of
web sites directed at children, or where the operator has knowledge that children's
personal information is collected through the site. Before collecting, using,
or disclosing personal information from children, a web site operator must:
Provide notice of information practices to the parent; obtain prior verifiable
parental consent for the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information
from children; provide a parent, upon request, with the means to review
the personal information collected from his/her child; provide a parent
with the opportunity to prevent the further use of personal information
that has already been collected, or the future collection of personal information
from that child; and establish and maintain reasonable procedures to protect
the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information
collected.[5]
STATEMENT OF FACTS
Amazon's Privacy Policy and Information Collection Practices
16. Amazon displays a privacy policy on its web site that is attached as
Exhibit A.[6] That policy states that visitors
to Amazon's web site are bound by the policy. The policy summarizes the different
ways in which Amazon collects information in order to "personalize"
content on the site. Additionally, the privacy policy sets forth terms for
accessing stored personal information, but provides no apparent method for
customer deletion of personal information.
17. Amazon's privacy policy contains one section that references collection
of children's personal information:
Children
Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's
products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon.com
only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.[7]
18. Amazon allows users to write and post reviews of products sold on its
web site. In order to do so, Amazon requires the user to register. The first
step of this process requires the individual to transmit an e-mail address
(see Exhibit B attached hereto). The user is then
forwarded to a screen where he or she must provide his or her name and birth
date (but not birth year) (see Exhibit C attached
hereto).
19. Amazon's only apparent COPPA compliance mechanism is incorporated in
this review system. In the first step of the registration process, Amazon
provides a link labeled "Under 13? Use our Kid's Review Form" (see
Exhibit B). In repeated visits to the Amazon site,
this link did not direct the browser to the Kid's Review Form; instead, the
user was forwarded back to the product page that the user was attempting to
review.
Amazon Monitors Reviews Posted on its Site
20. When writing product reviews, registered users (i.e., those who have
provided personally identifiable information) are directed to a page containing
a text box for entry of information about the product (see Exhibit
D attached hereto). That page contains a section stating that Amazon holds
reviews for five to seven business days before they are posted, and that Amazon
monitors reviews posted on the site:
The Fine Print:
All submitted reviews are subject to the license terms set forth in our
Conditions
of Use.
Your reviews will be posted within five to seven business days.
Submissions that do not follow our review guidelines will not be posted.
21. Amazon clearly examines the content of reviews submitted for posting.
Amazon's "General Review Writing Guidelines" (attached hereto as
Exhibit E) specify that certain information, including
profanity, single-word reviews, and typographical errors should not be submitted
in a review. The guidelines specify that: "Any review in violation of
these guidelines will not be posted."
Amazon's Sale of Children's Toys and Other Products
on Child-Directed Portions of the Web Site
22. Amazon's privacy policy specifies that it sells products from children's
stores, including Toysrus.com, Babiesrus.com, and Imaginarium.com.[8] The
Amazon web site features a "Toy Store" page, a copy of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit F.[9] Amazon markets
children's products on the Toy Store page. Amazon uses brightly-colored tabs
to designate portions of the site that contain children's books, children's
videos, children's music, and children's software. Amazon uses colorful and
child-like fonts for this portion of the site, while other portions of the
site devoted to adult products lack such child-oriented decoration. Amazon's
Toy Store page features child models to assist in selecting age ranges for
products. Amazon markets gifts for children from Barbie, Sony, Playskool,
Tonka, and the Transformers on its Toy Store page. Child-oriented cartoon
characters also appear on this portion of the site, including a giraffe, a
"Yu-Gi-Oh!" action figure, an image of a Barbie head, and the insignia
for the Transformers' "Autobots."
23. Individuals who browse to http://www.toyrsus.com, http://www.babiesrus.com/,
or http://www.imaginarium.com are redirected to Amazon's "Toy Store"
or a similar page that is directed to children. It is likely that many children
locate and visit Amazon's Toy Store site when shopping for toys online. In
fact, Amazon's "Toy Store" page is the first result returned when
one searches for "Toys" on Google.com.[10]
Amazon's Collection and Disclosure of Children's Personal Information
Associated With Product Reviews and Personalization Features
24. A cursory search of Amazon's web site indicates that a number of individuals
under the age of 13 are registered users. As explained in ¶¶18-19,
supra, these users have registered with Amazon, and thus Amazon has obtained
their e-mail addresses and names. Further, some of the children who have registered
with Amazon have posted personal information, including full name, e-mail
address, age, gender, and full address.
25. One registered reviewer on Amazon's web site employs the username "[REDACTED]."
This user, whose name is listed as "[REDACTED]," has listed his
full physical address on the Amazon web site (see Exhibit G attached hereto):
Name: [REDACTED]
Nickname: [REDACTED]
Reviewer Rank: [REDACTED]
About me: I live in New York City. My address is [REDACTED]. I play with
my trains and do fun stuff. My favorite all time movie is Thomas and the
Magic Railroad and Hey Arnold! the movie. If I had a day off from work I
would go to the movies with a friend. If I had an amazon gift certificate
I would buy Hey Arnold and Thomas & Friends stuff. Russell Hill gave
me a gift certificate when I was 10 years old. I'm a DVD Collector. When
I get DVDs I do both Renting and Buying. When I get Videos I rent them.
26. User [REDACTED] has a posted review displayed on Amazon's site for a
children's product titled "Thomas & The Magic Railroad: Original
Motion Picture Soundtrack." In this review, the user stated that he was
10 years old when the text was written and posted. The review (attached hereto
as Exhibit H) states:
Great to the movie, October 18, 2001
Reviewer: [REDACTED]...from New York, NY USA
This is a good soundtrack. Songs He's Really Useful Engine, Shining Time,
I Know How the Moon Must Feel, Somethings Never Leave You, Summer Sunday,
The Locomotion, Main Title, Lily Travels to the Island of Sodor, Burnett
& Lady/ Diesel 10 & Splodge, Diesel Thretans Mr. C/Lily & Patch,
Through the Magic Buffers & The Chase, The Clue, & The Happy Ending.
I like the song He's A Really Useful Engine. I am a big fan of Thomas The
Tank Engine and the movie is my favorite movie. Everyone had great acting.
Thomas, Diesel 10, Percy, Toby, James, Splatter, Dodge, Harold, Henry, Gordon,
Bertie & Lady did O.K. acting in the movie. I am 10 yrs old. I saw the
movie 3 times. I wanted to see it 10 times. This is a good Thomas The Tank
Engine video
27. Another registered reviewer on the Amazon site employs the username "[REDACTED]"
(see Exhibit I attached hereto). The profile for this reviewer states:
Nickname: [REDACTED]
About me: I'm romantic ,but have a fun willing sprit 46 of the movies are
mine that I reviewed but the other two are my sister's Krystle's I just
adore romance and guys being around girls I know it's silly but it's the
truth !
28. User [REDACTED] has posted numerous reviews on the Amazon site (see Exhibit
I). This user indicated in the review below that she was 12 years old when
the review was written and posted:
Newsies the perfect flim for the entire family! April 8, 2002 You ain't
nothin without the Newsies abousoletly nothin! I saw basically all the film
just when Jack,David,Scratchy,Gravy,Speck and all the other Newsies were
beat very bad bye the police .So far it is a radical film rembmember we
don't sell papes Newsies sell papes .This movie contains vilonce which may
not be enjoyable for kids under the age of 8 but most Youth ,and Kids adore
this film ! I'm just 12 and I know how I feel about Newsies you should feel
the same way...
29. Another registered reviewer on the Amazon site employs the username "[REDACTED]"
(see Exhibit J attached hereto). The profile of this reviewer reveals that
she is 12 years old and includes her name, e-mail address, and geographical
location:
Name: [REDACTED]
Nickname: [REDACTED]
E-mail: [REDACTED]
Reviewer Rank: [REDACTED]
About me: I am 12 years old and love contemporary romances. I love J.D.
Robb and Nora Roberts and I live in Houston Texas
30. Another registered reviewer on the Amazon site employs the username "[REDACTED]"
(see Exhibit K attached hereto). The profile for this reviewer reveals that
she is 11 years old and includes her full name and geographic location:
Name: [REDACTED]
Nickname: [REDACTED]
Reviewer Rank: [REDACTED]
About me: I am 11 years old and I live in Brookfield, Wisconsin in the United
States of America. I love reading books I mostly read historical fiction
books because I am a historical fiction
freak. I like the mostly up to date music, like Britany Spears, NSYNC that
sort of thing. I really like Beanie Babies, my favorites are teddy bears
and the dogs. I like Mary-Kate and Ashley movies my favorite is Swithing
Goals.
31. Another registered reviewer on the Amazon site employs the username "[REDACTED]"
(see Exhibit L attached hereto). This reviewer is 12 years old:
Nickname: [REDACTED]
Reviewer Rank: [REDACTED]
About me: I am 12 years, however I like many old things...
32. Another registered review on the Amazon site employs the username "[REDACTED]"
(see Exhibit M attached hereto). The profile for this reviewer includes a
full name:
Name: [REDACTED]
Nickname: [REDACTED]
33. User [REDACTED]has a posted review on the Amazon site for a "Butterfly
Garden." This review reveals that [REDACTED] is 7 years old and includes
his or her geographical location (see Exhibit N attached hereto):
a good butterfly garden, November 30, 2002
Reviewer: [REDACTED] (see more about me) from fort worth, texas
i am 7 years old and have a 5 year old brother. my uncle ordered this for
me when he was in iceland...
34. Another registered reviewer on the Amazon site employs the username "[REDACTED]."
Apparently a child, [REDACTED] indicates his full name and geographic location
in a review of "Transformers: Armada Mini-Cons Street Action Team 3-Pack:
Grindor, High Wire & Sureshock" (see Exhibit O attached hereto):
cool, December 2, 2002
Reviewer: [REDACTED] from w.hempstead /NY/USA
i am [REDACTED] toy expert i am 11 and i love it is so cool i play with
it no stop it rocks I am homeschooled i am advanced so i start at 7 and
end at12 or sooner my siblings at3 anyway iam plaing all day with it cause
i get 1 hour of TV a day and have no vidiogames or allowince so you get
the picture they rock in veical and robot mode and they can be put together
to make a big robot called preceptacon he rules I GIve it A plus.
Amazon's Practices With Respect to Children Violate COPPA
35. Amazon operates a web site directed at children, collects personal information
from children, and displays that on its web site, in clear violation of COPPA.
Further, Amazon has actual knowledge of its collection of children's personal
information through its systematic monitoring of product reviews posted on
its web site.
36. The COPPA Regulations specify that operators of sites "directed
to children" must comply with the privacy protections described in ¶15,
supra.[11] Amazon has not incorporated these protections into its site. There
is no apparent parents' privacy notice; no apparent system for obtaining parental
collection, use or disclosure of personal information from children; no apparent
means to review children's personal information that has been collected; and
no apparent means to prevent the further use of personal information collected
from children.
37. In determining whether a web site is directed at children, the Commission
will examine "among other things, the site's 'subject matter, visual
or audio content, age of models, language or other characteristics of the
website or online service.'" The "Commission will look at the overall
character of the site-and not just the presence or absence of one or more
factors-in determining whether a website is directed to children."[12]
38. In a prior proceeding, the Commission found that Lisafrank.com was a
web site directed to children and thus subject to COPPA.[13] The Lisafrank.com
site employed child models, sold children's products, used child-like fonts,
and child-oriented cartoon characters.
39. Amazon clearly directs the Toy Store portion of its web site at children,
thus triggering COPPA compliance obligations. This section's subject matter
focuses on children's books, software, and toys. Like Lisafrank.com, Amazon's
visual content indicates that it is directed at children. This portion of
the site employs child-like fonts and uses child models. Amazon employs vivid
colors on tabs that allow the user to navigate among the children's sections.
Amazon's Toy Store page also includes child-oriented cartoon characters.
40. In determining whether a site is directed to children, the Commission
considers "competent and reliable empirical evidence regarding audience
composition as well as evidence regarding the intended audience of the site."[14]
The facts alleged in ¶¶25-34, supra, constitute empirical evidence
regarding the audience composition as well as the intended audience of the
site. These facts demonstrate that a number of children appear to have registered
on the Amazon site in order to review children's products.
41. The Commission has noted that web site operators may not, in an attempt
to avoid COPPA's obligations, "construct a 'veil of ignorance' where
the operator can determine through questions whether a visitor is a child
without specifically asking for the visitor's age."[15]
42. Amazon has constructed such a "veil of ignorance." It operates
a site featuring products tantalizing to children, and then disclaims any
responsibility for marketing to children by asserting in its privacy policy
that it technically only sells products to adults. Amazon has constructed
a commercial web site featuring products directed toward children with graphics,
text, and models intended to entice children, collects personal information
from children, and markets aggressively to children, but disclaims any responsibility
for compliance with the COPPA by stating simply that it only sells products
to adults.
43. As set forth in ¶19, supra, Amazon's purported "kid's review
page" does not actually function, which likely results in children employing
the adult registration procedures to review products. Such ineffective procedures
have allowed Amazon to engage in activities that normally trigger COPPA obligations
while avoiding the use of procedures that would reveal that some members of
the site's audience are under the age of 13. However, even if the kid's review
page functioned, Amazon must comply with COPPA requirements because the site
is directed to children.
44. Furthermore, Amazon is in violation of COPPA because it has actual knowledge
that it is collecting information from children. Amazon's product review feature
delays the posting of registered users' submitted reviews for five to seven
business days. Amazon's guidelines specify that certain information is inappropriate
for inclusion in product reviews, and that reviews with certain material will
not be posted on the site. This policy and procedure indicates that Amazon
monitors submitted product reviews, thus establishing that the company has
actual notice that it is collecting information and disclosing personal information
from and about children.
REQUEST FOR RELIEF
Wherefore, the Complainants request that the Commission:
Order Amazon to immediately delete the personal information of children posted
on the site;
Initiate an investigation into the information collection and sharing practices
of Amazon;
Initiate an investigation into the information collection and sharing practices
of Amazon's child-directed joint-marketing partners, Toysrus.com, Babiesrus.com,
and Imaginarium.com;
Order Amazon to fully comply with the COPPA regulations;
Order Amazon to destroy all records collected from children in violation
of the COPPA;
Provide such other relief as the Commission finds necessary to redress injury
to consumers resulting from Amazon's practices as described herein.
Respectfully Submitted,
Marc Rotenberg
Executive Director
David L. Sobel
General Counsel
_______________________________
Chris Jay Hoofnagle
Deputy Counsel
ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER
1718 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Suite 200
Washington, DC 20009
(202) 483-1140
April 22, 2003
* This complaint has been redacted so as not to reveal the personal information
of children.
1 Testimony and Statement for the Record of Marc Rotenberg, Director Electronic
Privacy Information Center on the Children's Privacy Protection and Parental
Empowerment Act, H.R. 3508 Before the House of Representatives, Committee
on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime September 12, 1996, available at http://www.epic.org/privacy/kids/EPIC_Testimony.html.
2 Amazon.com, Inc. SEC Form 10-K (fiscal year ending December 31, 2002) (filed
Feb. 19, 2003), available at http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1018724/000095014903000355/v87419ore10vk.htm#001.
3 Id.
4 Id.
5 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Final Rule, 64 Fed. Reg. 59888
(Nov. 3, 1999) (codified at 16 CFR Part 312).
6 Amazon.com Privacy Notice, available at http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/browse/-/468496/002-1641816-7492034
(last visited Apr. 10, 2003).
7 Id. (emphasis in the original).
8 Id.
9 Toysrus.com / Amazon.com Toy Store, available at http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/browse/-/171280/ref%3Dtab%5Fgw%5Ft%5F6/002-0230051-8468058
(last visited Apr. 10, 2003).
10 See http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&q=Toys&btnG=Google+Search.
11 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Final Rule, 64 Fed. Reg. 59888
(Nov. 3, 1999) (codified at 16 CFR Part 312).
12 Id. at 59893.
13 Commission Complaint in US v. Lisa Frank, Inc. at ¶12, available
at http://www.ftc.gov/os/2001/10/lfcmp.pdf.
14 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Final Rule, 64 Fed. Reg. 59888
(Nov. 3, 1999) (codified at 16 CFR Part 312).
15 Id.