https://www.westhost.com/domain-names/whois-domain-privacy/
Domain Names FROM WESTHOST
WHOIS Domain Privacy
Search
.ONLINE $1.49!
.COM $8.99!
.SITE $2.99!
Search WHOIS
Let WestHost Protect Your Personal Information: WHOIS Database
Domain Privacy
When registering a domain, a buyer’s information is automatically compiled into a database called WHOIS. This database acts as an internet phone book, allowing any individual to look up web address holders worldwide. Personal information such as your phone number, email address, and physical address is accessible to anyone with an internet connection. All they have to do is perform a WHOIS search or WHOIS domain lookup.
But it doesn’t have to be like that…
WestHost offers a Domain Privacy service to our clients to keep
sensitive information under lock and key. While it is necessary for
WestHost to have your personal information, we can keep your contact
details under WHOIS Privacy, out of the hands of spammers, squatters,
and other bad guys looking to exploit the WHOIS directory. Just be
sure to add WHOIS Domain Privacy to your shopping cart when
purchasing your domain
and we will take care of the rest. Already have an unprotected domain?
No problem! You can add Domain Privacy through your
control panel.
Check WHOIS
All data contained in the WHOIS database is provided by the domain
registrants, with no guarantee or warranties regarding its accuracy. This
information is provided for the sole purpose of assisting you in obtaining
information about domain name registration records.
Any use of this data for any other purpose, including but not limited to,
allowing or making possible dissemination or collection of this data in part
or in its entirety for any purpose, such as the transmission of unsolicited
advertising and solicitations, is expressly forbidden without the prior
written permission of this company.
You may not use the data to allow, enable, or otherwise support any marketing
activities, regardless of the medium used. Such media include but are not
limited to e-mail, telephone, facsimile, postal mail, SMS, and wireless alerts.
In addition, you may not sell or redistribute the data.
By submitting an enquiry, you agree to these terms of usage and limitations
of warranty. You further agree not to use this data to enable high volume,
automated or robotic electronic processes designed to collect or compile
this data for any purpose, including mining this data for your own personal
or commercial purposes. If you’ve already got an unprotected domain name,
you can add Domain Privacy through your
CHI control panel in just a few clicks.
Ready to add domain privacy?
Add domain privacy to your
domain order or get it
through CHI today
Best Features of WestHost Domain Privacy
Thanks to our next-generation control panel, you can do things like rebooting and re-imaging without having to call the help desk for assistance.
Domain Privacy costs just $ 0.00 for an entire year.
You still have full control of your domain with Domain Privacy. You can cancel, sell or transfer your domain the same way as before.
Login Below To Your Control Panel
LOG IN TO CHI
Log in to your Control Panel
CHAT LIVE NOW
Hello. Thanks for visiting.
Have questions about WestHost? I'm here to help.
CHAT WITH US
Sales office hours:Mon-Fri 8:00am - 5:00pm Mountain Time
Call us: 1.800.222.2165
Oops, it looks like you have left something behind...
We noticed you left items in your basket.
If you have any questions we would love to help.
Click here to chat with our award winning customer service.
If you're ready to experience amazing service and support,
click below to finish checking out.
YOUR BASKET
TOTAL:
$0.00
CONTINUE TO CHECKOUT
It's quick and easy. We promise.