http://www.slickedit.com/about/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Concerned about your privacy? So are we. This Privacy Policy is designed to
help you understand the nature, use and care of information collected on this
web site. Your usage of this site confirms your acceptance of this Privacy
Policy. Questions regarding this policy can be sent to
info@slickedit.com
What information do we collect?
Usage-related information is collected from you automatically on our server log
files in the form of IP addresses, browser software, date and time of site
access and pages that you visit. A "cookie" is a small file that your browser
places on your hard drive as you use our site. We use both session ID cookies
and persistent cookies. Session ID cookies terminate when you close your
browser, while persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive for a limited
period of time and must be removed by you. Our cookies do not collect personally
identifiable information. We use this information primarily to monitor the usage
patterns of our site and to aid in site security. You may choose to have your
browser notify you each time a cookie is being sent to you or you may choose to
set your browser to turn off cookie placement.
Personally identifiable information is collected voluntarily when you actively
purchase a product through our web store, register a product, request a trial
download of our product or submit a feature request. Information collected in
this manner may include: name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping
address, phone number and credit card information.
How do we use the information we collect?
Information that is automatically collected is used primarily to monitor the
usage patterns of our site and to aid in site security. Personally identifiable
information may be used in the following ways:
To fulfill any order you place through our web site including
communication with you about your order.
To provide you with prompt and effective customer service.
To analyze user trends and interests for the purposes of improving our
web site and product offerings.
To send you promotional messages, product announcements or other
communications that we feel may be of interest to you. You have the ability
to "opt out" of receiving this information by visiting 	customer.slickedit.com/unsubscribe.
To maintain and support our web site.
Security Statement
During the purchase process, the information you provide through our web store
is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. Your data is
stored on a restricted-access server. Credit card numbers are only used to
process a purchase transaction and for no other reason. Upon completion of a
purchase transaction, these credit card numbers are deleted from our server. We
use reasonable care to protect the information that you transmit to us once it
reaches our systems, however, the Internet is not a totally secure environment
and as such you transmit information at your own risk.
Other Information Regarding Your Privacy
This site contains links to other sites. If you follow these links, you should
be aware that these other sites have their own privacy policies. We are not
responsible for the privacy practices of such web sites. To become familiar with
a site's practices and policies, please view their privacy statement when you
visit the site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by
posting the amendments on our site. This policy was last updated June 12, 2003.