https://www.heuristics.net/privacy
At Heuristic Solutions (“we”, “us”, “our”, or the “Company”), we are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide in using our Services.  In this Privacy Policy, our “Services” means our LearningBuilder platform. “You” refers to you, a user of the LearningBuilder platform. “Personal Data” means any information that we possess relating to an identified or identifiable user of our Services.  “Sponsor” means our customer, the organization with whom you have or are establishing a relationship, in many cases a certifying or professional organization, which is utilizing our Services to process your information.
1. LearningBuilder Platform
Heuristic Solutions operates the web based software, LearningBuilder, an online professional development platform designed to make it easy for individuals or programs to achieve the professional standards as defined by the “Sponsoring” organization, our customer. Heuristics Solutions, LLC (Company) is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data and content in a manner consistent with the policies of the Sponsoring organization.
The use of information collected through this platform is strictly limited to the purpose of meeting our contractual obligations to our customer, the Sponsoring organization, and providing the services requested by our customers, which are defined within our service agreements with them. We collect information at the direction of the Sponsoring organizations, and we have no direct relationship with their constituents, you, as an individual whose personal data we process.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
To provide you with use of our Services, we may gather and process some or all of the following information:
Registration Information: basic contact information you provide (as required by the Sponsoring organization) when voluntarily registering for use of our Services. This may include: username, email address and password. By registering, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Submissions: any information (as required by the Sponsoring organization) that is collected from or stored by you when you use our Services. This information may be used by the Sponsoring organization.
Customer Service Communications: any information that is reported to us or the Sponsor about the operation of our Services, including bug reports or requests for enhancements, and stored in the system.
Log Information: When you use some Services, our servers automatically record basic information pertaining to your use of the system. These server logs may include information such as your message, Internet Protocol address, other addressing information, the date and time of your request and an authentication token used to validate the identity of you and your computer.
3. HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
Primarily, we collect information for use with your relationship with your Sponsor.
We also collect information to provide you with an efficient user experience and improve the performance of the platform.
We may use the information defined in this Privacy Policy to: provide the Services and any customer support you request; resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems; enforce our contractual agreements; customize, measure, and improve our Services; inform you about service updates; compare information for accuracy, and verify your identity; provide other services for you as described when we collect the information.
4. TO WHOM DO WE TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Except as provided below, we shall not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any Registration Information or Submissions to any third party without your explicit permission, unless we are obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities.
At the request of your Sponsor, we may share your information with their other service providers and third parties in connection with your use of our Services.
Information collected by us may be stored and processed in any country in which we and our affiliates maintain facilities.  We reserve the right to transfer information outside of the country where you reside and/or from which you use our Services.  By using our Services you consent to any such transfer of information.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions as well as in the event all or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal information of our users will generally be one of the transferred business assets. We reserve the right to include your personal information, collected as an asset, in any such transfer to a third party.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may access, use, preserve or disclose any information we have access to if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation or disclosure of any information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce our contractual agreements, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
5. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorized access. You should be aware that internet communications are not always secure.  Although we take appropriate measures to protect your data, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.
6. HOW LONG IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA KEPT BY US?
We will retain your information in accordance with the contractual agreement between us and the Sponsoring organization and as required by applicable law.
We only have control of information in our records and do not have control of information relating to you in Sponsor records; accordingly, when we change or delete Personal Data, your Personal Data may remain part of Sponsor records.
7. WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DO WE USE THEM?
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from us and stored on your computer or mobile device and contains information about the user.  Usage of a cookie will in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while using our Services.  Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.  For instance, by setting a cookie on our Service, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our Services.  If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our Services.  The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited.  Cookies can also enable us to track to enhance the experience using Services and for analytic purposes to help us understand the use of our Services.
8. California Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents and who have provided us with “personal information” (as that term is defined in Section 1798.83) to request certain information about the disclosure of that information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident with questions regarding this, please contact us by email at support@heuristics.net, or by phone at 703.243.3376, or by mail at 1901 Ft Myer Dr, Suite 1105 Arlington, VA 22209.
9. Personal Data Rights
We are committed to helping you and our Sponsoring organizations understand and comply with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
For the purposes of GDPR, the Sponsoring organization is the Data Controller, we are the Data Processor.
If you are a resident of or are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you may also have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  Personal Data you provide in using our Services is only collected with your consent, and may be transmitted outside of the EEA to us or your Sponsor (or computer servers maintained for our or your Sponsor’s benefit) pursuant to that consent.
In general, under the GDPR you may:
request access to your Personal Data held by us (right to access)
have incomplete or incorrect Personal Data corrected (right to rectification)
have your Personal Data deleted to the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws (right to be forgotten, right to erasure)
suspend or restrict our processing of your Personal Data, or withdraw your consent
request a copy of your Personal Data
complain to a supervisory authority if you believe your rights under the GDPR are not being respected
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
Please contact Alison Neal,
Note that, if you are in the EEA, we may transfer your Personal Data outside of the EEA, including to the United States.  By way of example, this may happen if your Personal Data is transferred to our servers located in a country outside of the EEA.  These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EEA. By submitting your Personal Data, you are agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, it will take steps so appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.
10. HOW FAR DOES OUR RESPONSIBILITY EXTEND?
This Privacy Policy applies to Services that are owned and operated by us.  We do not exercise control over other users or third party systems that may use our Services, including your Sponsor.  They may place their own or other files on their systems, collect data or solicit personal information from you.  We accept no responsibility or liability for these other sites or services. The Sponsor has full access to all of your information and may use it in a manner that is not consistent with this privacy policy.
11. CAN THIS PRIVACY POLICY BE MODIFIED?
We reserve the right to modify the provisions of this Privacy Policy if deemed necessary. We will inform you of these changes by publishing the revised Privacy Policy at www.heuristics.net/privacy.  The revised Privacy Policy shall become effective within ten (10) days of such publishing, unless you expressly accept the revised statement earlier by clicking on the accept button.  You agree that the express acceptance by you, or your continued use of our website or Services after the notice period of ten (10) days, shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. AcceptCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.