http://www.cricksoft.com/us/about/privacy-policy
Privacy policyThis privacy policy sets out how Crick Software uses and protects any information that you provide us with when using any of our websites, our apps, or our computer software.Crick Software is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.This policy ensures Crick Software:Complies with the data protection law.Follows good practice.Protects the rights of staff, customers, and suppliers.Is open about how it stores and processes data.Protects itself from the risks of a data breach.Crick Software may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we do with the information we gatherCustomer dataWe may collect the following information:Name and job titleContact information, including email addressDemographic information such as zip code, preferences, and interestsOther information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. We are processing this data when:Collecting your details through forms on our website.Updating or adding your details to our customer database.Using the information to improve our products and services.Sending promotional emails about new products, special offers, or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address that you have provided.Using your information to contact you for market research purposes.Using the information to customize our websites according to your interests.LearningGridsWhen you sign up for a free account with LearningGrids, you will be added to our database and sent information about LearningGrids resources that we think you may be interested in. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe at any time.
Software and appsWindows/Mac softwareWe do not collect data in any of our products. Our applications are installed onto client computers and users’ work is saved locally, except in network installation where it is saved to a shared folder on your server. You will specify the shared folder during the installation process.iPad appsThe iPad apps are purchased via the Apple app store and all information about who the app belongs to is linked to your Apple ID and is held by Apple. Our apps do not collect or share information.We collect information when you initially register with our LearningGrids website to download free resources. We will use this data to provide you with information from time to time on new resources and other products. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe at any time. Chromebook appsThe Chromebook apps use your Google ID and Google domain to install. We collect your Google email address as your unique identifier. This address is used to determine the status of your current license.The only student information that we store is the student’s email address and basic profile info. This is required to confirm that they are a licensed user. See the Chromebook privacy policy for more information: http://www.cricksoft.com/us/clicker/chromebook/privacy-policy.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. See our data breach and incident response policies.
Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information:If you receive information from us that is not of interest to you, you can easily unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email. We will remove your details from our email list and will not send you information until or unless you ask us to do so.We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.COPPA And FERPA ComplianceCrick Software
complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). For
our iPad and Windows/Mac products we do not hold any student data. For
our Chromebook apps we only store the student’s email address and basic
profile info.
This is required to confirm that they are a licensed user and is
removed as soon as their subscription ends. We do not hold any other
student data or identifiers. The school or district will manage this
information and will have oversight and
control of login details.Family Educational Rights
and Privacy Act (FERPA) policies specifically focus on the use of
“personally identifiable information (PII).” As our products do not use
any PII, we comply with FERPA policies.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer. The cookies help us analyze web traffic and remember information about your preferences in our web shop.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. See the Google Analytics security and privacy principles for more information: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245Facebook PixelThis Cookie is placed by Facebook. It enables Crick Software to measure, optimize and build audiences for advertising campaigns served on Facebook. In particular it enables Crick Software to see how our users move between devices when accessing the Crick
Software website and Facebook and to analyze which content a user has viewed and interacted with on our website. For further information about the Facebook Pixel please see: https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616Links to other websitesOur websites may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible
for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.