http://www.grade1.co.uk/privacy
PRivacy Policy
// You Are Here: Home / Privacy Policy
Grade1
Internet Solutions has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web
site: Grade1 Internet Solutions
Information Automatically Logged.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems
with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is
also used for other purposes.
Act Compliance
In accordance with the Privacy & Electronic
Communications Act passed into law 11 Dec 03 - “We do not send
random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).”
We conform with the requirements of the Data Protection
Act, 1998
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to
give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal
address).
Contact information from the registration forms
is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The
customer's contact information is also used to send promotional
material from some of our partners to our customers, and to get in
touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings;
see the choice/opt-out section below.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to
request information, products, and services. We collect contact
information (like their email address).
Contact information from the order forms is used
to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's
contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor
when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings;
see the choice/opt-out section below.
Cookies
We do not use cookies.
We do use session variables in some sections of
our site, such as the shopping basket, which are used only during
your active visit to our site.
Contests
We run contests on our site in which we ask
visitors for contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the contests is used to
ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's
contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor
when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings;
see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Grade1
Internet Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices or
the content of such Web sites.
Choice/Opt-Out
You can send email to
support@grade1.co.uk
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for
changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
support@grade1.co.uk
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this
Web site, you can contact:
support@grade1.co.uk