http://www.searchengineer.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Introduction
The purpose of this policy is to explain how Furness Internet collects protects and uses personal data. Furness Internet is committed to ensuring that any personal data supplied by its customers or is otherwise generated by its business activities is collected and processed fairly and lawfully in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998.
What Types Of Personal Data Does Furness Internet Collect?
Furness Internet needs certain personal data to enable it to provide its products and services to its customers and end users. The personal data collected will generally include: company name company size and sector individual contact names and job titles for delivery installation support and billing postal address elephone and fax numbers e-mail addresses. Furness Internet also has access to personal data that is generated over the Furness Internet network including IP and email addresses for incoming and outgoing data and network usage data. In certain circumstances Furness Internet may also collect financial information about Furness Internet customers and end users from third parties to enable Furness Internet to assess its risks in granting credit terms and contact information about organisations Furness Internet considers may be interested in Furness Internet products and services.
How Does Furness Internet Obtain Personal Data?
Furness Internet obtains personal data in a number of ways including from orders placed by customers and end users (whether by telephone fax or email or by application form) from enquiries made by existing customers and potential customers (including information gathered at marketing events and via the Furness Internet web site) from third party list brokers from resellers who pass on personal data to Furness Internet about end users and directly from the Furness Internet network.
How Does Furness Internet Use The Personal Data That It Holds?
Providing and Improving the Furness Internet Service
Most of Furness Internet use of personal data is necessary to enable it to provide a service to its customers and its end users including order processing delivery installation and support services as well as for invoicing and in order to answer general customer enquiries. In addition Furness Internet may also use personal data to improve on the level and type of service Furness Internet offers to its customers. As part of this interest in improving the service provided Furness Internet may process personal data for the purposes of sales analysis and customer usage statistics.
Direct Marketing
Furness Internet may from time to time inform its customers end users and potential customers about Furness Internet and Furness Internet affiliate products and services and other information Furness Internet feels may be of interest. Customers and other recipients of information from Furness Internet may indicate at the time they first place an order with Furness Internet whether or not they wish to receive such information or at any later time by simply contacting Furness Internet.
To Whom Does Furness Internet Disclose Personal Data?
Furness Internet will pass personal data within its internal departments in order to fulfil sales and support obligations as well as to finance departments to enable invoicing. As a general rule Furness Internet does not disclose personal data to unaffiliated third parties except where customer consent has been obtained where Furness Internet is under an obligation by law to disclose personal data or where Furness Internet has contracted with third parties to assist in providing services to Furness Internet customers such as for delivery installation and systems support services.
How Does Furness Internet Protect the Personal Data it Holds?
Furness Internet takes customer confidentiality and security very seriously. Furness Internet has implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal data within Furness Internet. These procedures will be reviewed from time to time to determine whether they are being complied with and are effective. Furness Internet will also actively investigate and cooperate with law enforcement agencies any allegations of abuse or violation of system or network security as set out in the applicable Furness Internet Acceptable Use Policy.
Cookies
Cookies help us to run this website smoothly and efficiently. A cookie is essentially a small information file that is stored on your device, but cannot be used to identify you personally.
We use these cookies in a number of ways to give you, the user, a better experience:
We may use cookies to determine what kind of device you’re using, so we can display things in an appropriate way
We may use cookies to recognise the device you’re on so that you don’t have to provide information several times during one task
If you would like to learn more about cookies and how to manage them, go to the DirectGov webpage about cookies.
How We Use cookies
Improving Service
We use Google Analytics to keep track of how many people visit the website, and which pages are viewed most often. This does not keep personal information. If you do not want this information to be collected about you, you can choose to disable all Google Analytics cookies.
If you would like to find out more about Google Analytics, go to their website .
Basic Operation
This website does not collect your personal information unless it is required for the site to run correctly. This may include usernames and passwords, and other personal information where a shop system is in place.
If cookies are required for the website to operate correctly, you are unable to opt out of them.
Cookies from external sites
We sometimes use third party objects in our websites that use cookies. There are often things such as embedded content from YouTube or other video players, or social media widgets such as ‘share’ or ‘like this’ buttons for Facebook, Twitter etc.
We can’t control how the cookies from these objects are used. If you would like to know more about how these cookies are used, you can find more information on the website for the company in question.
Customers Rights
European Economic Area legislation gives individuals whose personal data is held by Furness Internet specific rights to access and rectify personal data held about them. These include the right to: obtain from Furness Internet for a prescribed fee confirmation that personal data is held as well as a written description of such personal data the purpose(s) for which it is being used the source(s) of the personal data and details of any recipients request the deletion or rectification of personal data which is inaccurate as explained in Direct Marketing above to object to any unsolicited information sent by Furness Internet regarding promotions or new products and services.
Contact Details
If any individual wishes to contact Furness Internet regarding the personal data held about them or has any other question about Furness Internet data privacy procedures they should send a letter to the directors of Furness Internet.
Policy Updates
As part of Furness Internet commitment to compliance with data privacy requirements and to reflect changes in Furness Internet operating procedures Furness Internet may the terms of this policy from time to time and will post the revised policy on this website.
Andrew Grisdale
25th May 2017
“We plan to continue to work with Searchengineer and use their expertise to keep improving our authority with all search engines including Google and you'd be smart to do the same. Searchengineer has helped us rank for vital keyword phrases over the last four years. Their expertise has been invaluable and we highly recommend them to anyone wishing to improve their web presence.”
Andrew Grisdale, Managing Director - Biokil Crown