https://www.comparitech.com/blog/vpn-privacy/best-vpn-for-android-apps/
Menu
Close
VPN
By Use
Netflix
Kodi
Torrenting
Hulu
Sky Go
Gaming
BBC iPlayer
Tor
Best overall
By OS/Device
Mac
Windows
Linux
Windows 10
Firestick
iPhone and iPad
Android
Windows Phone
DD-WRT Routers
By Country
China
Japan
US
UK
Canada
Australia
Germany
France
UAE & Dubai
Guides
Fastest VPNs
Cheapest VPNs
Free VPNs
How to access the deep web
Is torrenting safe and legal?
Build your own VPN
Facebook privacy and security
How to encrypt email
How to stay anonymous online
See all
Reviews
ExpressVPN
NordVPN
IPVanish
PrivateVPN
StrongVPN
Cyberghost
PureVPN
Surfshark
See all
Antivirus
Online backup
Streaming
Kodi
Plex
Sports Streaming
TV Streaming
IPTV
Blog
VPN & Privacy
Cloud and Online Backup
Information Security
More Comparisons
Password Managers
Identity Theft Protection
Usenet
Privacy & Security Tools
Internet Providers
Parental Control Software
Net Admin Tools
Data Recovery Software
Crypto
Utilities
BlogVPN & PrivacyBest VPNs for Android (free & paid) and how to set them up
We are reader supported and may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site
Best VPNs for Android (free & paid) and how to set them up
We take a look at the best VPNs for Android and how to set them up. We'll also dive in to free VPNs for Android to see if any make the grade.
Paul Bischoff
TECH WRITER, PRIVACY ADVOCATE AND VPN EXPERT
@pabischoff UPDATED: November 30, 2020
Android phones and tablets come with built-in support for a Virtual Private Network (VPN), but the process of setting one up and getting connected is a tedious pain. On top of that, the protocols available don’t include OpenVPN, which is widely regarded as more secure and open than PPTP and L2TP/IPSec.
So instead of manually configuring a VPN with your Android phone, we recommend subscribing to a provider with dedicated VPN apps for Android. Instead of inputting server domains and pre-shared keys, all you need to do is install the app, log in, choose a server, and hit connect.
Connecting to a VPN server, whether that’s with your Sony smartphone, Samsung Galaxy tablet or any other Android device, in the appropriate location can mask your IP address and help you unblock geo-locked content like Netflix and Amazon Prime Video. It can also prevent your ISP and mobile carrier from monitoring your online activities. It’s always a good idea to connect your Android device to a VPN server when on a public wi-fi network to stop hackers from snooping on your online activity.
We get into some depth on each of the VPN providers that feature in this list, but if you haven’t got time to read all the details, here is a quick summary of the top VPNs for Android users:
Best VPNs for Android in 2020:
NordVPN Best all-round VPN for Android. Has a huge network of extremely fast servers that can unblock most popular streaming services. Solid security features. Includes a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Surfshark Best budget VPN for Android. Security-first VPN with an outstanding Android app. Offers decent speeds, has plenty of functionality, and allows as many connections as you need.
ExpressVPN Great Android app that is easy to set up and use. Fast servers are great for streaming and downloads. Privacy and security are top-notch.
IPVanish Solid Android app. Good speeds and connections are reliable. Also works well with Kodi and Amazon Firestick TV.
CyberGhost Great for VPN beginners. Easy to set up and start using. Server speeds are impressive for a low-cost provider.
VyprVPN Android app has kill-switch feature. Can also set it to automatically activate when the device connects to untrusted wifi networks. A bit pricey.
Windscribe Best free VPN for Android. 10GB monthly data limit is higher than other free services. Strong privacy features and respectable speeds.
The best VPNs for Android devices
Of course, not all VPN providers offer the same service. To make our list as a best Android VPN, services need to meet the following criteria:
Stable, lightweight, easy-to-use Android VPN apps
OpenVPN protocol support
No ad injection, tracking, or other privacy incursions
Allows multiple devices to be connected simultaneously
Bonus points if P2P allowed and kill switch is built in
Fast speeds, suitable for streaming
Best VPN for Android
There’s a lot of choice when it comes to VPNs with Android apps. Here’s our list of the best VPNs for Android.
1. NordVPN
image/svg+xml
Dec 2020
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.NordVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
NordVPN is our top choice for an Android VPN. Speeds are unbeatable and you can choose from either a list of servers or just click a pin on the world map to quickly connect to a server. The company’s SmartPlay DNS can bypass anti-VPN firewalls on geographically restricted sites like Netflix, Hulu, and BBC iPlayer. OpenVPN over both UDP and TCP are available. You can set the app to automatically connect to a specific server on startup. Live chat support is available from within the app. P2P traffic is allowed.
NordVPN adheres to a true zero-logs policy, meaning it doesn’t retain any data about what its customers use the VPN service for or how. 256-bit encryption and perfect forward secrecy ensure no one can peek through the secure tunnel. NordVPN offers DNS leak protection and automatic public wi-fi network protection.
Six devices can be connected simultaneously. The Android app can be downloaded from the Google Play store.
Pros:
Android app is available on the Google Play store and is easy to use
OpenVPN protocol support, UDP and TCP
Privacy-first provider that doesn’t skimp on security or privacy features
Exceptional speeds for streaming and downloading
Purpose-specific servers available (streaming, torrenting, P2P etc.)
Excellent customer support
Cons:
Can choose server locations but not able to choose specific servers
BEST VPN FOR ANDROID:NordVPN is our #1 selection. It offers a huge server network, blazing fast speeds, and great unblocking capabilities. This provider offers a 30-day money-back guarantee making it risk-free.
Read our full review of NordVPN here.
NordVPN CouponSAVE 68% on 2 year deal + 3 months FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
2. Surfshark
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.Surfshark.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
Surfshark is a budget-friendly provider with an excellent Android app. It allows you to choose between using the app’s kill switch or the native Android one, and enables you to override your device’s GPS location without the need for third-party apps.
One of the best things about this app is that it has most of the functionality that the desktop apps do. There’s 256-bit encryption, a protocol selection menu, a kill switch, DNS and IPv6 leak protection, and access to multi-hop servers, for instance. With steady speeds and a no-logs policy, Surfshark makes it easy to browse safely on the go.
Connect as many devices as you like. Download the Android app from the Google Play Store or get the APK directly from Surfshark’s website.
Pros:
Versatile service with a great Android app
Fast enough for most purposes
Similar functionality to the desktop apps
Doesn’t compromise on security
Keeps no logs
Cons:
Still has the occasional slow server
Our score:
4 out of 5
BUDGET-FRIENDLY:Surfshark is fast, secure, and capable of handling whatever you throw at it. Has no connection limit and offers a 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full review of Surfshark here.
Surfshark CouponGet 83% off a two-year plan + 3 months FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
3. ExpressVPN
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.ExpressVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
ExpressVPN offers an easy-to-use Android app requires you to enter a one-time activation code for the device, after which you don’t have to enter a username or password again. The well-designed app can be set to connect as soon as Android starts up. You can choose between UDP (faster) or TCP (more stable) OpenVPN protocols. Torrenting and other peer-to-peer traffic is allowed.
ExpressVPN operates more than 3,000 servers in 94 countries. It’s very reliable in terms of both performance and ability to unblock geo-locked content from Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Amazon Prime Video, and Hulu, both in a web browser and in each of their respective Android apps. Security includes 256-bit encryption, perfect forward secrecy, and DNS leak protection. ExpressVPN keeps minimal metadata logs and will never record your online activity or your IP address.
The Android VPN app is available from Google Play, the Amazon Appstore, and an APK via direct download. ExpressVPN also has an iOS app, and a desktop VPN client for each of the three major operating systems: Windows, MacOS, and Linux. Three devices can be connected simultaneously.
Pros:
Works seamlessly with Android devices and the app is easy to use
Has support for the OpenVPN protocol
No privacy incursions such as tracking or ad injections
Has kill switch and torrenting and P2P are allowed
Tight encryption makes for solid security and privacy
Cons:
Priced a bit higher than competitors
HIGHLY VERSATILE VPN:ExpressVPN is easy to use and has a vast server network that is optimized for high-speed connections. Very strong privacy and security. Works with all major streaming services including Netflix. 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full ExpressVPN review.
ExpressVPN CouponSpecial Offer - get 3 months extra FREEGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
4. IPVanish
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.IPVanish.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
IPVanish is another solid option for an Android VPN . The app lets you see the load and ping time of each VPN server in the list. A widget can be installed and resized anywhere on your home screen. Dropped VPN connections can be automatically reconnected. P2P is allowed. OpenVPN UDP and TCP connections are both available along with a “Scramble” obfuscation feature designed to bypass network traffic sensors that detect and block VPNs.
IPVanish offers reliable performance and decent speeds. Security includes 256-bit encryption, perfect forward secrecy, and DNS leak protection. IPVanish sticks to a strict no-logs policy.
The Android VPN app is available from Google Play, Amazon App Store, and an APK via direct download. The Amazon app is also available on the Fire TV Stick, which makes it great for Kodi users who need a good VPN that’s easy to set up. A bonus with IPVanish is it allows up to ten simultaneous connections, which is double the industry standard of five. This means you can connect all of your household devices under a single plan. Apps are also available for Windows, MacOS, and iOS..
Pros:
Apps work well with Android devices and are easy to use
Android app displays ping and server time information
OpenVPN supported, both UDP and TCP
Impressive speeds and reliable connections
Cons:
Not all servers unblock Netflix
PRIVACY-FOCUSED:IPVanish has a large network of servers and handles multiple connections well. Easy to use and preferred by users who need high standards of privacy. Can’t unblock as many streaming services as some of its rivals. 7-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full IPVanish review.
IPVanish CouponSave up to 76% + 250GB of SugarSync encrypted cloud storageGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
5. CyberGhost
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.Cyberghost.com
Money-back guarantee: 45 DAYS
CyberGhost will list all of the available servers and locations for you to choose from like the rest in this list, but the latest version of its Android app encourages you to choose from one of several profiles based on how you plan to use it. Surfing on public wifi, for example? Connect with the “surf anonymously” profile. The “Secured streaming” profile includes several servers to choose from according to the streaming channel you want to unblock: Amazon Prime Video, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, etc.
The company has ramped up expansion as of late and its server network now numbers over 5,900 spread across 89+ countries. CyberGhost VPN performed well in our speed tests. Military-grade encryption, a no-logs policy, and DNS leak protection ensure maximum privacy.
The Android app is only officially available from Google Play. CyberGhost allows up to seven simultaneous connections, so you can connect all your devices at the same time.
Pros:
Android App is easy to use and is available on the Google Play store
Keeps no user activity logs and provides strong encryption to bypass activity detection
Easy to use apps include ‘anonymous torrenting mode’ – ideal P2P users
Happily unblocks a host of geo-restricted content
Cons:
Doesn’t reliably work in China or UAE
GREAT FOR STREAMING:CyberGhost provides access to lots of geo-restricted content and its easy-to-use apps are ideal for beginners. Plans come with a 45-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full CyberGhost review.
CyberGhost CouponSAVE 83% on the 3 year plan! + 3 months FREEGET DEAL Discount applied automatically
6. VyprVPN
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Linux
Website:
www.VyprVPN.com
Money-back guarantee: 30 DAYS
VyprVPN is a longstanding provider that owns and operates its own network of servers in more than 60 countries. This ensures fast speed and strong security, although it does log its users real IP addresses. VyprVPN can unblock sites like Netflix and Hulu, as well as their respective Android apps.
VyprVPN’s Android app is the only one on this list to use a kill switch. While many of the others include this feature in their desktop software, kill switches are notably absent from the mobile apps. A kill switch will block all traffic in the event of a dropped VPN connection, which prevents traffic from leaking onto your unencrypted network. Somewhat ironically, kill switches are in the highest demand among torrenters, but VyprVPN has been shown to be adverse to P2P traffic in the past, reportedly penalizing users for downloading copyrighted material. You can also set the app to always connect when on “untrustworthy” public wifi connections.
VyprVPN’s Android app is available on Google Play and an APK via direct download. A basic plan enables you to connect five devices at a time.
Pros:
Android app is available on Google Play store or direct APK download from the site
Now allows P2P and torrenting
Fast speeds are perfect for streaming
Cons:
Slightly more expensive than some VPNs
Power users would prefer more configuration options
EASY TO USE:VyprVPN is user friendly. Works well on Android devices and is good for streaming content. Good performer but a bit pricey. 30-day money-back guarantee.
Read our full VyprVPN review.
VyprVPN CouponBuy 2 years, get 1 year FREE!GET DEALDiscount applied automatically
Best free VPN for Android: Windscribe
Apps Available:
PC
Mac
IOS
Android
Website:
www.windscribe.com
Money-back guarantee: 3 DAYS
If you’re looking for an unpaid option, Windscribe is the best free Android VPN by all accounts. The free tier gets you 10GB of data per month—tons more than any other decent free Android VPN app—with just an email address.
This free VPN for Android unblocks US Netflix, is suitable for torrenting, boasts good speeds, and even works in China. Windscribe employs strong security and keeps no logs of your activity.
Aside from Android, apps are also available for Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android. You can connect as many devices as you want at the same time on one account, but keep in mind the 10GB cap for free users.
Pros:
Free
Works in China and allows torrenting
Unblocks Netflix and similar sites
Cons:
10GB data cap
Expect some server switching to unblock US Netflix
Mobile app is slick but limits user choices
BEST FREE ANDROID VPN:Windscribe is one of the few free Android VPNs we recommend. If the 10GB cap isn’t enough, Windscribe offers a low-cost premium tier. Unlike the paid options above, however, there’s no money-back guarantee.
Windscribe Coupon$4.08 per month for the annual year planGET DEALDiscount applied automatically
VPNs Android users should avoid
Betternet
Betternet supports itself by using tracking cookies and injecting ads into the websites you browse. Because these ads come from a third party, they are not to be trusted. Furthermore, only two servers are available.
Cloud VPN
Typing “VPN” into the search bar of the Google Play Store will likely return Cloud VPN as the top result. Unlimited bandwidth and no data caps for free sounds enticing, but the app works with third-party advertisers to inject ads and collect some information including your device ID and real IP address. That includes putting unsolicited tracking cookies in your browser. Furthermore, the app will suspend users who attempt to use P2P apps.
Beware of “free” VPNs
A quick search on Google Play will turn up no shortage of so-called “free” VPN apps. We strongly advise against using these for several reasons.
First, performance is usually poor. Free VPN services will usually have a limited selection of servers, impose data caps, and restrict bandwidth. Some force users to wait in a queue before connecting.
Second, security is often substandard, and in some cases, free VPN services can actually make your privacy worse off. With hackers using increasingly sophisticated attacks to target Android devices, security is more important than ever. Encryption standards employed by free VPN providers might be deprecated, obsolete, or even non-existent.
What’s more, many free VPN services use tracking cookies or log your activity to gather personal information and sell it to third-party advertisers. Others inject advertisements directly into your web browser.
In the worst cases, VPNs can even carry malware payloads to infect your device. The developers do little to offer support and often hide their identities, so there’s no way to know if most free VPNs are even remotely credible.
If you only need a VPN for a short period, a free trial of a paid plan is a better option than a free VPN.
Related: If you’re looking to connect an Android TV box, you can check out our guide: 5 Best VPNs for Your Android TV Box
How to set up a VPN on Android
Setting up a VPN is a simple process once you have settled on an appropriate VPN provider. Follow our step-by-step instructions below.
Here’s how to setup a VPN on Android:
Settle on a VPN provider from the list above. We recommend NordVPN.
Download the VPN app on the Google Play Store (we’ll explain how to get around using the Play Store below).
Choose an appropriate server (for accessing blocked content abroad select a server in a country where the content isn’t blocked)
You are now connected through a VPN! If you’re still having trouble loading content from abroad try clearing your cookies and refreshing the webpage.
See also: How to set up a VPN on Nvidia Shield
No Google Play? Try the APK
If you’re using an Android device without Google Play, finding the app for your VPN can be a pain. Uncertified devices, such as some Kindle Fire HD tablets and smartphones bought in China, for example, can’t install Google services, including the Play Store.
The alternative is to download the APK file for the app and install it manually. To do that, you’ll first need to change the settings in your phone to allow apps from third-party developers. The exact steps will vary a bit depending on your version and fork of Android, but below are the basic steps for Android 4.0 and later.
Here’s how to setup a VPN on Android without Google Play:
Go to Settings > Security (‘Device’ in Kindle Fire)
Scroll down to “Unknown sources” and toggle it on
Confirm if necessary
Next, find the APK file for the VPN app. Hopefully, you can get this directly from your VPN provider’s website with a bit of searching. Ask customer support if you can’t find it.
Alternatively, you can download the APK from a third-party site. There are a ton of APK hosting sites out there with pretty much every app you can imagine. Just Google ” APK” and it should pop up. Be warned, however, that these are not official downloads from the company and thus could contain malware or be outdated. Always read reviews if they are available, run a virus scan on the file once it’s downloaded, and double-check the version. If it looks shady, don’t install it.
Once you’ve downloaded the file, just click on it and Android will ask you if you trust the app. Confirm and let Android do the rest. It should install just like a normal app!
Set up a VPN on Android without an app
As a last resort, you can set up an L2TP/IPSec connection manually in your Android settings. We recommend avoiding PPTP, the other built-in protocol available, as it contains known security vulnerabilities.
Here’s how to manually set up a VPN on Android 9:
Go to Settings > Network and Internet > Advanced > VPN
Click the + sign in the top right corner
Enter your VPN profile details according to your VPN provider
Click Save
Click on the profile you just created to connect. A key icon in the notification bar indicates you are connected to the VPN.
On older versions of Android, VPN settings might be found under Settings > More > VPN.
While this works, proper VPN apps like those we recommend above offer far better security and much less tedious setup.
OpenVPN for Android
Not all VPN providers have their own apps, or maybe you can’t find/don’t trust a third-party APK file. Another option is to use an open-source VPN app. We highly recommend OpenVPN for Android over OpenVPN Connect and the other clients out there. It’s easier to use and works with a wider range of configurations. Conversely, if you made your own OpenVPN server, this is a great app to use to connect to it.
Here’s how to setup OpenVPN on Android:
Download the OpenVPN config file (extension .conf or .ovpn) from your VPN provider’s website.
Download and install OpenVPN for Android
Run the app and click the plus sign at the top right to add a VPN profile.
You will probably want to import an existing config file rather than set up your own, so choose the “import” option.
Find it, select it, and you should be set to go.
“Little android figurines” by Family O’Abe licensed under CC BY 2.0
Contents [hide]The best VPNs for Android devicesBest VPN for Android1. NordVPN2. Surfshark3. ExpressVPN4. IPVanish5. CyberGhost6. VyprVPNBest free VPN for Android: WindscribeVPNs Android users should avoidHow to set up a VPN on AndroidNo Google Play? Try the APKSet up a VPN on Android without an appOpenVPN for Android
Black Friday VPN Deals EXTENDED
68% off + 3 mths FREEGet Deal >
Save 83%Get Deal >
3 Months FREEGet Deal >
What’s in this article?The best VPNs for Android devicesBest VPN for Android1. NordVPN2. Surfshark3. ExpressVPN4. IPVanish5. CyberGhost6. VyprVPNBest free VPN for Android: WindscribeVPNs Android users should avoidHow to set up a VPN on AndroidNo Google Play? Try the APKSet up a VPN on Android without an appOpenVPN for Android
Latest Guides
Surveillance camera statistics: which cities have the most CCTV cameras?
August 15, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
Guide to using public wifi safely and securely
October 9, 2018 / by Osman Husain
Popular Posts
10 Best SFTP and FTPS Servers Reviewed for 2020
February 27, 2019 / by Jon Watson
Best VPNs for Netflix: Get any version of Netflix anywhere
January 5, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
10 Best VPNs for Torrenting Safely and Privately in 2020
January 1, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
How to make your own free VPN with Amazon Web Services
May 15, 2018 / by Paul Bischoff
A beginner’s guide to online censorship
August 26, 2017 / by Paul Bischoff
Latest Cloud and Online Backup
10 Best Secure File Sharing Tools & Software for Business in 2020
October 21, 2019 / by Tim Keary
Rapidshare is discontinued, try these alternatives
February 4, 2019 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
The 5 Best Edge Services Providers
October 15, 2018 / by Stephen Cooper
The best apps to encrypt your files before uploading to the cloud
October 11, 2018 / by Paul Bischoff
Is Dropbox Secure? 9 Ways To Make The File Sharing Service Safer To Use
December 28, 2017 / by David Gilbert
Latest Information Security
Top online degrees in cyber security (Bachelor’s)
December 8, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Computer forensics analyst career guide
December 4, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What is Trojan Horse malware and how can you avoid it?
November 26, 2020 / by Marc Dahan
Graylog Review and Alternatives
November 26, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Cybersecurity jobs overview: Earn a high-paying job in cybersecurity
November 23, 2020 / by Sam Cook
Latest VPN & Privacy
How to watch DStv online from anywhere with a VPN
December 10, 2020 / by Ian Garland
NordVPN vs PrivateVPN
December 10, 2020 / by Ian Garland
10 Best free and paid secure email services in 2020 – ranked
December 10, 2020 / by Marc Dahan
Is AT&T throttling your bandwidth? How to stop throttling with a VPN
December 10, 2020 / by Paul Bischoff
What is a VPN kill switch and do you need one?
December 10, 2020 / by Paul Bischoff
Latest Crypto
How Do People Feel About Cryptocurrencies?
July 31, 2019 / by Paul Bischoff
The Biggest Cryptocurrency Heists of All Time
June 28, 2019 / by Theo Tsihitas
Understanding cryptography’s role in blockchains
April 10, 2019 / by Josh Lake
How to buy and pay with bitcoin anonymously
April 18, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What bitcoin is and how to buy it and use it
April 6, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Latest Crypto Popular Posts
How to buy and pay with bitcoin anonymously
April 18, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
What is Bitcoin mining and how can you do it?
March 7, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
15 best bitcoin wallets for 2020 (that are safe and easy to use)
February 25, 2018 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Latest Data Recovery Software
11 Best Data Loss Prevention Software Tools
April 18, 2019 / by Stephen Cooper
Latest IPTV
Is Facebook profiting from illegal streaming?
June 11, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to set up IPTV on Perfect Player
January 31, 2019 / by Tom Blackstone
Kodi Solutions IPTV: What is Kodi Solutions? Is it your next IPTV?
September 24, 2018 / by Tom Blackstone
Area 51 IPTV: What is Area 51 IPTV and should you use it?
September 23, 2018 / by Tom Blackstone
Terrarium TV shut down: Use these top 10 Terrarium TV alternatives
September 18, 2018 / by Sam Cook
Latest Identity Theft Protection
How to delete online accounts and reduce your security risks
February 3, 2020 / by Sam Cook
Identity fraud on Upwork and other freelance sites threatens gig economy integrity
July 30, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Consumer interest in checking credit scores jumped 230 percent in a decade. Here’s why that’s a dangerous trend
February 20, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Latest Kodi
Can You Watch Tyson vs Jones on Kodi?
August 13, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to install the PBS Kids Kodi addon
September 25, 2019 / by Ian Garland
How to watch AEW – All Out Free on Kodi with a VPN
August 30, 2019 / by William Elcock
How to watch the US Open Tennis 2019 on Kodi – free livestream
August 16, 2019 / by William Elcock
How to download and install Kodi Leia 18.3 on Firestick
August 13, 2019 / by Ian Garland
Latest Kodi Popular Posts
Can you watch Bellator 223: Mousasi vs. Lovato on Kodi?
June 21, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the French Open on Kodi
May 21, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the NCAA Frozen Four and Championship on Kodi
April 10, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the 2019 NCAA Final Four and Championship game on Kodi
April 5, 2019 / by Sam Cook
30+ Best Kodi Addons in December 2020 (of 130+ tested)
March 15, 2019 / by Ian Garland
Latest Net Admin
9 Best Network Security Tools
December 4, 2020 / by Stephen Cooper
5 Best Real User Monitoring Tools & Services
December 4, 2020 / by Stephen Cooper
9 Best NGINX Monitoring Tools
December 1, 2020 / by Tim Keary
Graylog vs Splunk Analysis and Breakdown
November 27, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Sumo Logic vs Splunk
November 27, 2020 / by John Cirelly
Latest Net Admin Popular Posts
11 Best Free TFTP Servers for Windows, Linux and Mac
February 28, 2019 / by Jon Watson
10 Best SFTP and FTPS Servers Reviewed for 2020
February 27, 2019 / by Jon Watson
12 Best NetFlow Analyzers & Collector Tools for 2020
January 23, 2019 / by John Kimball
Best Bandwidth Monitoring Tools – Free Tools to Analyze Network Traffic Usage
December 21, 2018 / by John Kimball
Latest Online backup
10 Best Secure File Sharing Tools & Software for Business in 2020
October 21, 2019 / by Tim Keary
Latest Plex
Watch your Plex library in Kodi with the Plex Kodi addon
December 24, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
How to set up Plex on Chromecast and get the most out of it
December 7, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Plex vs Kodi: Which streaming software is right for you?
November 1, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Installing and using the Fire TV Plex app
October 31, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
The best Plex plugins: 25 of our favorites (Updated)
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Latest Plex Popular Posts
The best Plex plugins: 25 of our favorites (Updated)
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
How to get started streaming with Plex media server
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Selectively routing Plex through your VPN
September 20, 2017 / by Aaron Phillips
Latest Sports Streaming
How to watch Errol Spence vs Danny Garcia live online
December 4, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to live stream Tyson v Jones online from anywhere
November 27, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch NCAA College Basketball 2020-2021 season online
November 24, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Terence Crawford vs Kell Brook live online
November 13, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to watch AEW Full Gear 2020 live online from anywhere
November 6, 2020 / by Ian Garland
Latest Sports Streaming Popular Posts
How to watch Gervonta Davis vs Leo Santa Cruz live online
October 20, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Vasiliy Lomachenko vs Teofimo Lopez live online
October 16, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Deontay Wilder vs Tyson Fury 2 heavyweight world title fight
February 21, 2020 / by Sam Cook
How to watch the Stanley Cup Final 2020 live online from anywhere
May 26, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) free online anywhere in the world
February 2, 2019 / by Sam Cook
Latest TV Streaming
How to watch Tin Star season 3 online
December 9, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch The Challenge: Double Agents (Season 36) online
December 8, 2020 / by Mark Gill
How to watch Attack on Titan season 4 online from anywhere
December 6, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Blue Bloods season 11 online
December 3, 2020 / by Ian Garland
How to watch the Saved by the Bell 2020 series online (outside the US)
November 24, 2020 / by Mark Gill
Latest TV Streaming Popular Posts
How to watch Winter Love Island 2020 online from abroad (stream it free)
May 30, 2019 / by Ian Garland
How to watch Game of Thrones Season 8 free online
April 14, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) free online anywhere in the world
February 2, 2019 / by Sam Cook
How to watch Super Bowl LIV (54) on Kodi: Live stream anywhere
January 29, 2019 / by William Elcock
Latest Utilities
6 Best screen recorders for Windows 10 in 2020
June 23, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video downloaders for Windows 10 in 2020
June 16, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
12 best video editing software for beginners in 2020
June 11, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video conferencing software for small businesses
March 20, 2020 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Best video converters for Mac in 2020 (free and paid)
August 12, 2019 / by Aimee O'Driscoll
Comments
Leave a Reply Cancel replyCommentName
Email
reCaptcha challenge is not working! Check browser requirement
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
BLACK FRIDAY EXTENDED
3 MONTHS FREE
+ SAVE 68%
Get 3 months FREE >>
No thanks
PRIVACY ALERT: Websites you visit can find out who you are
The following information is available to any site you visit:
Your IP Address:
Your Location:
Your Internet Provider:
This information can be used to target ads and monitor your internet usage.
Using a VPN will hide these details and protect your privacy.
We recommend using NordVPN - #1 of 42 VPNs in our tests. It offers outstanding privacy features and is currently available with three months extra free.
Visit NordVPN