http://www.mapilab.com/about/privacy_policy.html
Products
Outlook Add-insThe line of Microsoft Outlook tools and apps
MAPILab All-inclusive Package14 add-ins in one bundle for the best price
Duplicate Email RemoverFinds and removes duplicated in emails and posts
Duplicates RemoverFinds and removes duplicated contacts, tasks, etc
Mail Merge ToolkitPersonalize emails with advanced mail merging
Send PersonallyTrue mass mailings in Outlook
Attachments ProcessorCovers all attachments needs: extract, ZIP, manage
Print ToolsPrints emails and attachments automatically
MAPILab Toolbox20 apps to improve your daily work with Outlook
More add-ins
Exchange Server SoftwareSolutions for any environment based on Microsoft Exchange Server
Attachment Save for ExchangeSave, remove and manage attachments on server side
Print Agent for ExchangeAutomatically print emails and attachments on Exchange Server
Search for ExchangeMultiple Exchange mailboxes search with a range of features
MAPILab Disclaimers for ExchangeManage signatures and disclaimers in corporate emails
POP3 Connector for ExchangeDownload emails from external POP3 servers to Exchange
More software for Exchange
SharePoint SoftwareWeb Analytics, HelpDesk and Workflow solutions for SharePoint
Other productsReporting solutions, add-ons for Microsoft Excel, Outlook Express
Download
Purchase
Online ordering
Volume Discounts
Find a local reseller
Renewing License
Support
Support area
Post suggestion
Articles
Frequently Asked Questions
Premium Support
Resellers
Become a Reseller
Reseller's FAQ
Promotional Graphics
PAD Files List
About us
About us
Company Profile
Company News
Company Blog
Contact us
DEU
ENG
You are here: Home / About us / MAPILab Privacy policy
MAPILab Privacy policy
MAPILab Ltd. has created the privacy statement below in order to declare our company commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: mapilab.com which is managed by MAPILab Ltd.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website, blog or app?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To process transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested).
To send periodic emails (the email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order).
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
How long do we save your personal information?
We save only your personal data if necessary for the treatment. Personal data will be erased when they are no longer relevant for the purposes they have collected.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By logging in to their account
By chatting with us or sending us a ticket
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur within 7 business days. We will notify the users via in site notification within 1 business day. We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Privacy Issues Resolving
If you have any concerns regarding the MAPILab Privacy Policy or raise any issues with MAPILab, please contact us and we will be glad to resolve your issue.
User Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other sources of user experience. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 25.05.2020.
About usCompany profileCompany newsContact us
Search on MAPILab.com:
Get our Newsletter:
© 2003-2020 MAPILab Ltd. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy
Microsoft and the Office logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
The Website uses cookies that allow us to recognize you and collect information about your user experience.
Permission to use cookies necessary for the use of the Site and its services, including ordering services. By visiting the site, we are sure that you consent to the use and storage of cookies on your device. If you agree, continue to use the site. If not – set special settings in your browser or contact technical support.
I Agree