http://www.epic.org/privacy/nelson/
Nelson v. Salem State College
Employee Privacy in the State Workplace
Latest News | Introduction
| EPIC's
Interest | Legal Documents | News Articles |Related EPIC Resources
Latest
News
Court Upholds
Hidden Camera Workplace Surveillance . The
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court recently held (pdf)
that a public college employee who was videotaped changing clothes in
a cubicle during non-working hours had no expectation of privacy in that
workspace. In a
"friend
of the court" brief filed in Nelson v. Salem State College last
year, EPIC argued that society is prepared to recognize an expectation
of privacy in the workplace as reasonable. For more information, see
EPIC's Workplace
Privacy Page. (Apr.
4, 2006)
EPIC Argues for Workplace Privacy. EPIC has filed a
"friend
of the court" brief (pdf) in a case before Massachusetts' highest
court that raises the question of whether a public employer can
conduct constant secret video surveillance of an employee. EPIC's
brief argues that society is prepared to recognize an expectation of privacy
in the workplace as reasonable. The brief urges the court to make
workplace surveillance subject to legal oversight. For more information,
see EPIC's Workplace Privacy
Page. (Nov.
4, 2005)
Introduction In June of 1995, officers of the Salem State College
police force, with the knowledge of college administrators, installed a
hidden video camera and VCR in the college’s off-campus Small Business
Development Center. The video camera
was used to investigate possible illegal entries in the center after
normal business hours and was set to record twenty-four hours a day.
The
camera taped a view of the entire length of the office, including private
areas shielded by partitions. The videotaping continued for the next two
to four months until it was discovered by one of the center's
employees. During the summer of 1995, Gail Nelson, a secretary at the Small Business
Development Center, often
brought a change of clothes to work and
changed in a cubicle. She did this
either in the morning, before anyone else was in the office, or after work,
when everyone had left. She also applied a prescription medicine to her
chest and shoulders to treat a case of sunburn. These activities were documented
by the hidden camera. Ms. Nelson later learned about the covert surveillance
from a co-worker. Ms. Nelson
filed
suit against the college and officials, arguing that they had violated
the Fourth Amendment, Article 14 of the Massachusetts Declaration of Rights,
and state law by secretly videotaping her in a cubicle. She argued that
the school invaded her right to privacy and failed to train its employees
in the proper use of covert surveillance as an investigative technique.
The claims were dismissed by the trial court, which found that the Ms. Nelson
had no reasonable expectation of privacy in a cubicle.
One issue in this case is whether the Fourth Amendment and Article 14
of the Massachusetts Declaration of Rights protect a state
employee, while in her cubicle, from covert and secret video surveillance,
and whether that right was clearly established in this situation.  A
second issue is whether a state agency’s failure to train and supervise
its employees in the proper use of covert surveillance was a “discretionary
function” of
the agency so as to make the agency immune from liability
for that
failure. After the trial court dismissed Ms. Nelson’s claims, she appealed
to the Massachusetts Appeals Court. Before the court reached a decision,
the Supreme Judicial Court decided to take the case. The court held in April
2006 that the college's surveillance did not violate Ms. Nelson's constitutional
rights.
EPIC's Interest
Covert surveillance offends society’s expectation that individuals
are entitled to some privacy in the workplace.
In the face of exponential
growth in public surveillance, freedom from video cameras in closed,
intimate spaces is an expectation of privacy that society is prepared to
recognize as reasonable. Where one chooses to undress provides a good indication
not only of a subjective expectation of privacy but also of an objective
expectation that is shared by others.
The passage of anti-voyeurism laws
throughout the country further shows that society recognizes some expectation
of privacy in public places. In such locations, the use of video surveillance
must be regulated by
law.
People must have a reasonable expectation of privacy from surveillance
cameras,
because
otherwise
society has virtually no
reasonable expectation of privacy beyond
the home.
Developing surveillance technologies
such as backscatter
x-ray
and face
recognition threaten to undermine our privacy
in
new and chilling ways.
State Employees Must be Trained in the Use of Video Cameras
Because of the Well-Established Potential for Abuse of Covert Video Surveillance. Video
surveillance is easily and frequently abused in ways that cause substantial harm
to social values and human dignity.
Misuse of video surveillance can include racial and sexual discrimination
and stereotyping, as well as
sexual voyeurism. Video surveillance can
also chill political protest and other forms of protected speech. In
fact, documents obtained by EPIC under the Freedom of Information Act
have shown that the Park Police conducted surveillance of political
protesters in Washington, DC.
Furthermore, unlike one person
observing another, video surveillance cameras can
zoom in on a subject,
record images, match images against a database
of images, and even
obtain outlines of the human body that would be
otherwise concealed beneath clothing. Digital images are also easily
copied and distributed online.
Video surveillance is an invasive technology that
requires oversight and regulation. State agencies
should not be permitted to use such powerful technology indiscriminately.
EPIC Recommends the Use of Best Practices in Video Surveillance. When
video surveillance is used, the law must require that users are well trained
and carefully supervised so that the opportunity to conduct a covert, visual
search of a person does not become an excuse for state-sanctioned voyeurism. The Government Accountability Office has recommended (pdf)
best practices for video surveillance including
1.) public notification and discussion about surveillance, 2.) posting of
signage at surveilled areas, 3.) standards for the handling and use of video
data,
4.) regulations governing law enforcement use of the data, and
5.)
regular auditing of camera operators to ensure that the video cameras are not
used for illicit purposes.
The American
Bar Association, the International Association of Chiefs of
Police, and the Security Industry Association, and state and federal courts
have also proposed guidelines to regulate and mitigate the invasive nature
of video surveillance.
Legal
Documents Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court
Nelson's
Brief on the Merits (pdf) Nelson's
Reply Brief (pdf)
EPIC's
Amicus
Curiae Brief (pdf) Amicus
Curiae Brief of the American Federation of State, Country, and
Municipal Employees, Council 93, AFL-CIO (pdf)
Opinion of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court (pdf)
Superior Court
Nelson's
Statement of Legal Elements (pdf) Salem State College's Statement of Undisputed Facts and Legal Elements
(pdf) Nelson's
Response to Statement of (Alleged) Undisputed Facts (pdf)
News
Articles
Watching
Yourself - You
Might Be Monitored, Boston Globe (Oct. 10, 1004) American Workers Beware: Big Brother is Watching, USA Today (May 1999) They're
Watching You, Boston Magazine Online (undated)
Related EPIC Pages
EPIC Workplace Privacy Page
EPIC Face Recognition
Privacy Page
EPIC Backscatter
X-Ray Technology Page
EPIC Protestor Privacy
and Free Expression Rights Page EPIC Observing
Surveillance Project
EPIC Video
Surveillance FOIA Documents
EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
May 4, 2006
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/nelson/default.html