https://www.pathsolutions.com/company/privacy-policy
Total Network Visibility®
People
IT Manager/Director
Network Engineer
CISO/Security Analyst
Telecom Manager/Director
CIO
Solutions
Network Performance Management
Network Security Awareness
VoIP/UC Performance Management
Cloud Performance Management
SD-WAN Performance Management
Network Diagram Tools
NetFlow Analyzer
Packet Loss Testing
Case Studies
Resources
Library
Webinars
Training
Tools
Support
Knowledge Base
Enhancement Request
System Requirements
Blog
Partners
Overview
Technology Partners
Managed Service Providers
Become a Partner
Company
Overview
Leadership
About Our Turtle
News
Events
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 21, 2017
Your privacy is important to us. This statement describes and explains our policies and procedures. This privacy statement covers PathSolutions’ site only; third party sites that are linked to from the PathSolutions’ site are not covered by this policy.
On this website, we collect the following: information from online forms (and only when volunteered by you) and log files that provide statistical information.
Personal Information
You can access PathSolutions’ site without providing us with any personal information. However, we do collect information from our users on certain site pages—via forms—where you are asked to volunteer your personal information in order to, for example, schedule a demo, subscribe to updates, download white papers. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email address, company name, phone number, and address (“Personal Information”).
Use of User Information
User information (when volunteered by the user) is retained by us to better serve you or to contact you for PathSolutions’ marketing purposes or relevant information. If you decide you do not want to be contacted, please let us know by sending an email to info@pathsolutions.com. Please include a message indicating that you do not want to be contacted in the subject line and body of the email and we will not use your information for that purpose.
Cookies
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Log Files
Our log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We use these files to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
We DO NOT share personal information with third parties.
Links
This Web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. We encourage users to be aware when they are leaving our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Tools We Use
We use Google Analytics and Hubspot to gather information on your activities on our website and analyze how you use it.
California Users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice:
If you have a question or complaint regarding the site, please send an e-mail to info@pathsolutions.com. You may also contact us by writing to PathSolutions, 3080 Olcott Street, #A210, Santa Clara, CA, 95054, or by calling us at (877) 748-1777. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, on our website and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@pathsolutions.com .
PathSolutions
1 (877) 748-1777
info@pathsolutions.com
TotalView v11
Network Solutions
Security Solutions
VoIP/UC Solutions
All Features
Blog
Resources
Case Studies
Company
Partners
Privacy Policy
Don’t turtle your network
Blog
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
©2020 PathSolutions Inc. All rights reserved.