http://www.hunnysoft.com/privacy.html
Hunny Software
Experts in Innovative Messaging Solutions
Home
About Hunny Software
Contact Us
DOWNLOAD A FREE 30 DAY TRIAL
Home
Products
Services
Download
Prices
Buy
Library
Support
Privacy
Keeping you SPAM free is what Hunny Software is all about. We take all
reasonable precautions to ensure that any personal information you leave
with us remains confidential. Please take a moment and review our Privacy
Policy.
Personal Information Defined
Personal Information is defined as any piece of information pertaining to a
prospect, client or customer and is limited to information that cannot be
used to cause harm of a material nature. We DO NOT request, ask for or
otherwise store social security numbers, driver's license numbers, banking
information, or other information that could lead directly to material
identity theft. We DO NOT STORE CREDIT CARD INFORMATION.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information in an effort to track our evaluation
licenses, touch base during the evaluation period, and if you choose to opt
in for our industry news bulletins.
Methods of Collection
When requesting an evaluation or more information on a product or service,
you will be prompted to provide personal information to us so that we may
track evaluation licenses and follow-up to ensure that your evaluation is
going smoothly.
If you choose to opt in for our industry newsletters, personal information
may be collected if it has not requested previously.
Personal Information may also be collected while corresponding with us or
during the use of our support bulletin board.
Personal information may be collected and stored by our credit card
processing provider when a purchase is made using our on-line
mechanism. This may include personal information. Security and privacy of
information collected during an on-line purchase process is covered under
the privacy policy of our credit card provider. Hunny software cannot be
held liable for the actions of its credit card service provider.
While visiting our site, we may place a cookie on your machine that
contains a unique number and nothing more. We use the cookie for
statistical analysis and you are free to delete this cookie if you wish.
Storage of Information
Reasonable efforts have been made to protect personal information while in
our possession.
Disclosure
Hunny's position is not to disclose personal information to any third party
with the exception of our credit card processor when products are purchased
on line. We will provide personal information If compelled to do so by a
court of law.
Privacy Is Key to Trust
We are committed to making the Internet a SPAM free zone where privacy is
respected. Every Hunny Software employee has been made aware of this
policy. Hunny does not knowingly solicit information from persons under the
age of eighteen. We do not pass personal information on to sites that our
linked to our site.
BE ADVISED THAT THIS POLICY MAY BE UPDATED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME
AND THAT WE DO SEND OUT CHANGE NOTIFICATIONS.
Home | Products | Services | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy | Terms of Use
Copyright © 2010 Hunny Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved.