http://www.bigoven.com/site/terms
Toggle navigation
My Recipes
My Recipes
Grocery List
Grocery List
Use Up Leftovers
Use Up Leftovers
Videos
Videos
My Profile
Sign out
Join Free
Sign In
Planner
Grocery List
My Recipes
IdeasIdeas
Use Up Leftovers
Videos
Join Free
Sign In
About
Terms
Conditions of Use
Welcome to BigOven!
AISLE AHEAD Inc.., and its associates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or search this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit BigOven.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, recipe text, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of AISLE AHEAD Inc. or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of AISLE AHEAD Inc. Inc., with copyright authorship for this collection by AISLE AHEAD Inc., Inc., and protected by international copyright laws.
License and Site Access
BIGOVEN grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of BIGOVEN. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any recipes, descriptions or other information: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of BIGOVEN.
Any copying, aggregation, display, distribution, performance or derivative use of BigOven.com or any content posted on BigOven.com whether done directly or through intermediaries (including but not limited to by means of spiders, robots, crawlers, scrapers, framing, iframes or RSS feeds) is prohibited.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of BIGOVEN and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing BIGOVENs name or trademarks without the express written consent of BIGOVEN. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by BIGOVEN. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of BIGOVEN so long as the link does not portray BIGOVEN, its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any BIGOVEN logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Content Scraping Unauthorized
In particular, we do not allow any automated bots or “screen scrapers” to fetch any of the content – full or partial, hosted herein on another platform, application or website without our express written permission and/or partnership agreement.
Trademarks
BigOven(tm) trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not from AISLE AHEAD Inc.., in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits BIGOVEN. All other trademarks not owned by BIGOVEN or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by BIGOVEN or its subsidiaries.
Confidentiality
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. BIGOVEN and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Your Account
If you create a BIGOVEN account, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for all
activities and postings that occur under the account. You must immediately notify BIGOVEN of any unauthorized
or suspicious uses of your account.
BIGOVEN will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any acts or
omissions by you or anyone else with access to your account whether such access is authorized or unauthorized.
Reviews, Recipes, Comments, Emails and other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content: and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." See our Community Guidelines for more information.
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. BIGOVEN reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant BIGOVEN and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant BIGOVEN and its associates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post: that the content is accurate: that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity: and that you will indemnify BIGOVEN or its associates for all claims resulting from content you supply. BIGOVEN has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. BIGOVEN takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Content Posted on Other Websites
The BIGOVEN website or application may contain hyperlinks to other websites outside of BIGOVEN’s control.
BIGOVEN has the right but not the obligation to edit or remove any activity or content on the BIGOVEN website
that links to or references a third-party website.
It should be understood that BIGOVEN has not reviewed,
and cannot review, all material made available through third-party websites.
Thus, the appearance of hyperlinks
or references to third-party websites on BIGOVEN does not constitute endorsement of such content by BIGOVEN.
BIGOVEN also shall not be responsible for the quality of such third-party websites, and BIGOVEN disclaims
any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of such third-party websites.
While you are responsible for protecting yourself and your computer system from viruses or destructive content
as a result of visiting third-party websites through the BIGOVEN website, we encourage you to report
any suspicious links to support@bigoven.com.
Descriptions
BIGOVEN and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, BIGOVEN does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY BIGOVEN ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. BIGOVEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, BIGOVEN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BIGOVEN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM BIGOVEN ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. BIGOVEN WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting BIGOVEN, you agree that the laws of the state of Washington, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and BIGOVEN or its associates.
Addendum for Bloggers
For bloggers who are part of the BigOven blogger network, BigOven grants you perpetual rights to use, copy, and distribute the Stats Reports only as long as you:
Credit us conspicuously, include: Source: BigOven. www.bigoven.com
On blogger's personal website, present the Data (Followers and Recipe Views) exactly as BigOven has provided it. Please do not manipulate or modify the Stats Reports to state or suggest different results from those specifically presented by BigOven
This is confidential information and not to be shared with external third parties, such as advertisers and other food sites.
Bind Third Parties. If you provide the information in the Stats Reports directly to any third party, you must ensure that they agree to be bound by and comply with the foregoing requirements.
You agree not to misrepresent your Stats Reports information in connection with BigOven or the Services.
Washington Corporation
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to BIGOVEN or to products you purchase through BIGOVEN shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Washington, United States of America, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate BIGOVENs intellectual property rights, BIGOVEN may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Washington, United States, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
Please review our other policies, such as our Community Guidelines, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to BIGOVEN. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Questions
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by emailing us at:
support@bigoven.com
Add unlimited recipes. Remove ads. Custom folders. Find recipes for your diet.
Try BigOven Pro Free