http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/firefox-reality/
Menu
Download Firefox
Firefox Privacy Notice
Get a Firefox Account
Firefox Browsers
Close Firefox Browsers menu
Firefox for Desktop
Get the not-for-profit-backed browser on Windows, Mac or Linux.
Firefox for Android
Get the customizable mobile browser for Android smartphones.
Firefox for iOS
Get the mobile browser for your iPhone or iPad.
Privacy Promise
Learn how Firefox treats your data with respect.
Firefox Blog
Read about new Firefox features and ways to stay safe online.
Release Notes
Get the details on the latest Firefox updates.
View all Firefox Browsers
Products
Close Products menu
Firefox Monitor
See if your email has appeared in a company’s data breach.
Facebook Container
Help prevent Facebook from collecting your data outside their site.
Pocket
Save and discover the best stories from across the web.
Mozilla VPN
Get protection beyond your browser, on all your devices.
Product Promise
Learn how each Firefox product protects and respects your data.
Firefox Relay (beta)
Sign up for new accounts without handing over your email address.
Firefox Private Network (beta)
Protect your browser’s connection to the internet.
View all Products
Who We Are
Close Who We Are menu
Mozilla Manifesto
Learn about the values and principles that guide our mission.
Mozilla Foundation
Meet the not-for-profit behind Firefox that stands for a better web.
Get involved
Join the fight for a healthy internet.
Leadership
Meet the team that’s building technology for a better internet.
Careers
Work for a mission-driven organization that makes people-first products.
Mozilla Blog
Learn about Mozilla and the issues that matter to us.
More About Mozilla
Innovation
Close Innovation menu
Mozilla Hubs
Gather in this interactive, online, multi-dimensional social space.
Firefox Developer Edition
Get the Firefox browser built just for developers.
MDN Web Docs
Check out the home for web developer resources.
Firefox Reality
Explore the web with the Firefox browser for virtual reality.
Common Voice
Donate your voice so the future of the web can hear everyone.
WebAssembly
Learn more about the new, low-level, assembly-like language.
More Mozilla Innovation
Menu
Mozilla Privacy
Firefox Reality
Mozilla Privacy
Mozilla Websites, Communications & Cookies
Firefox Browser
Firefox Better Web
Firefox for Fire TV
Firefox Reality
Firefox OS
Firefox Focus
Firefox Private Network
Firefox Relay
Mozilla VPN
Thunderbird
Firefox Reality by default shares data for:
Improving performance and stability
Interaction data: Firefox Reality sends data about your interactions with Firefox Reality to us (such as number of open windows; number of webpages visited; information about voice searches, and session length) and Firefox Reality features offered by Mozilla or our partners (such as interaction with Firefox Reality search features and search partner referrals).
Technical data: Firefox Reality sends data about your Firefox Reality version and language; device operating system and hardware configuration, including VR headset and handsets; memory, basic information about crashes and errors; outcome of automated processes like updates, and activation to us. When Firefox Reality sends data to us, your IP address is temporarily collected as part of our server logs.
Read the telemetry documentation for Firefox Reality or learn how to opt-out of this data collection.
Voice Search
Voice Recordings: When you choose to use voice input for Firefox Reality, your voice recordings are sent to Mozilla and Google’s Cloud Speech service for processing to provide you with suggested text. Mozilla does not keep your recordings.
Crash reports
If you turn crash reporting on Mozilla will receive a report with more information if Firefox Reality crashes. Generally, crash reports include:
Device information: This tells us information about your device, such as the operating system, manufacturer and graphics adapter when the crash happened.
Application information: This tells us information about the application that crashed, such as the version, build and build architecture of Firefox Reality you were using.
Crash information: This provides information about the crash, including a report of Firefox Reality’s subroutines at the time of the crash, and a whether a crash happened before Firefox Reality finished starting up, what type of process caused the crash and the information in device memory at the time of the crash.
For more information, and to see examples of real crash reports, see Crash Data.