http://www.cazbah.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
As a leader in Internet Marketing, electronic commerce and payment services, CTHorizons, LLC (AKA Cazbah) processes information that enables companies and organizations to do business effectively on the Internet, while allowing consumers to pay for goods and services by credit or debit cards at the point of sale.
CTHorizons, LLC works behind the scenes on behalf of its storeowners, associations, and partners. As the Internet continues to play an ever increasing role in marketing and commerce, CTHorizons, LLC will continue to develop solutions that enable businesses to achieve success via the Internet.
Consumers and businesses rely on CTHorizons, LLC, and our client partners, for safe and reliable Internet Marketing and ecommerce services. Our relationships are established based on mutual trust. Each day, we – and our employees – strive to reinforce our commitment to our business customers and consumers. In order to provide these services, CTHorizons, LLC must collect, maintain and use financial and other sensitive personal information.
WE OBTAIN PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT IS NEEDED TO PROVIDE OUR GOODS AND SERVICES.
We primarily receive personal information as a result of consumers’ financial transactions with CTHorizons, LLC or with CTHorizons, LLC’s business customers. Generally, CTHorizons, LLC does not obtain personal information directly from consumers. However, when CTHorizons, LLC collects information directly from consumers, we obtain the personal information that is needed to provide our goods or services, to provide customer service and to fulfill any legal or regulatory requirements.
WE WILL INFORM CONSUMERS ABOUT THE GENERAL USES OF THEIR INFORMATION.
Generally, CTHorizons, LLC does not have a direct customer relationship with consumers. However, when we have a direct relationship with consumers, we will strive to make information available to them about the general uses of the information that we collect. Generally, CTHorizons, LLC obtains personal information about consumers indirectly through our business customers. To that end, we encourage our business customers to provide these consumers with a timely and complete privacy notice.
WE USE CONSUMER INFORMATION IN A MANNER WHICH IS CONSISTENT WITH OUR PRIVACY NOTICE.
CTHorizons, LLC uses information only in a manner consistent with our privacy notice. Protecting consumer privacy is very important as we build trusted relationships and assist businesses and consumers in conducting sensitive and wide-ranging electronic commerce activities.
WE ARE COMMITTED TO PROTECTING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF PERSONAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.
Within CTHorizons, LLC, access to personal information is limited to those employees of CTHorizons, LLC and its affiliates who need it to fulfill their business responsibilities. When CTHorizons collects information on behalf of our business customers, we handle the information based on their direction and in accordance with our agreements and contracts with them and applicable laws. Vendors and other outside contractors we engage are subject to our contractual requirements to ensure sensitive personal information is safeguarded.
WE STRIVE TO GIVE CONSUMERS CHOICES ABOUT HOW THEIR DATA WILL BE USED.
If we obtain personal information as part of our direct relationship with consumers, we will not share this information with non-affiliated third parties except in accordance with this Privacy Policy; to facilitate and complete consumer-initiated or authorized transactions and service requests; to comply with federal, state and local laws, including credit reporting laws and card association rules; to combat fraud; or to offer products and services that CTHorizons, LLC believes may be of interest to its customers. Upon request, we will allow consumers to remove their names from any CTHorizons, LLC owned marketing lists.
WE USE APPROPRIATE SECURITY SAFEGUARDS.
At CTHorizons, LLC, security is a priority. We employ appropriate measures to protect consumer information against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These may include, among others, encryption, physical access security and other appropriate technologies. CTHorizons, LLC continually reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary.
WE HOLD OURSELVES ACCOUNTABLE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
CTHorizons, LLC is committed to meeting the highest standards for our privacy program. If you have any questions or comments about the CTHorizons, LLC Privacy Policy, please e-mail us.
All Agreements shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law principles. You and CAZBAH each agree to submit any disputes related to any Agreement or the Product to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the County of Ontario, New York and irrevocably waive any objection now or hereafter available based on grounds of forum non conveniens with respect to such disputes.