http://www.metaltoad.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Metal Toad ("we" or "us" or "our") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.metaltoad.com (the "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On the Website.
In e-mail, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website or application operated by us or any third party, including our clients (see Client Services); or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Website. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Website is intended for adults 18 years of age and older and is thus not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or post any information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not (i) use or provide any information on the Website or on or through any of its features, (ii) register on the Website, (iii) make any purchases through the Website, (iv) use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Website, or (v) provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at hello@metaltoad.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number ("personal information");
about any requests or transactions you submit to or conduct with us through our Website;
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as internet protocol address and your geographic location; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners or clients.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
(a)    Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided when contacting us, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us.
(b)    Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with the Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to the Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).  If you do not wish for us to collect information about you through automatic data collection technologies, you may set the browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.  Some parts of the Website, however, may not be accessible or may not function as a result.  Also, if you use a different browser or computer, you will have to make this same selection again.
This information helps us to improve the Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to the Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Click Tracking.  Click tracking is a tool used to determine and record what a user clicks on while browsing through the Website.  Our Website may use click tracking to conduct market research and software testing.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us:
To present the Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Communications with You.
From time to time, we may use your personal information that you have provided to us to send email messages to respond to any emails or other communications you send to us or to advise you of any problems with our Website.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Metal Toad's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Metal Toad about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Metal Toad, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies. For purposes of advertising and other behavioral tracking, our systems recognize "do not track" signals from your browser. However, the Website may still utilize cookies even if you have enabled Do not Track in your browser, in order to track session data that is critical to the Website's functionality, such as verifying a user's identity.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by us to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to hello@metaltoad.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may opt out of future e-mails by following the "unsubscribe" process at the bottom of the promotional email. This opt out does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a product purchase, product service experience, or other transactions.
Data Security
We and our partners have implemented measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These include the use of SSL encryption, firewalls, administrative access level controls, and employee training.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our Website, submitted by you, information gathered about you, or information stored by us. Any transmission of information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development.  If a notification is appropriate, we will endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, if we have your email address, we may notify you by email.  You consent to our use of email as a means of such notification.  If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please email us at hello@metaltoad.com with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to opt-out of Company's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to hello@metaltoad.com. Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes.
California law also permits residents of California to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third parties (if any) to whom we have disclosed personal information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an e-mail to: hello@metaltoad.com. Requests via written mail, telephone, or facsimile will not be accepted. The e-mail subject line and the content of your request must include the phrase "Your California Privacy Rights," and include your name and e-mail address. Please allow 30 days to receive a response to your inquiry.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page, through email, and through an alert when you next log-in to the Website. You will be bound by those changes if you visit this Website after those changes have been posted.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: hello@metaltoad.com
Have questions?
Get in touch