https://www.extremetech.com/deals/315493-understand-machine-learning-and-data-analysis-with-the-help-of-this-expert-led-training
Home
Deals
Understand Machine Learning and Data Analysis With The Help Of This Expert-Led Training
on September 25, 2020 at 12:53 pm
Comment
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use.
This week in machine learning news, artificial intelligence is writing news with real style and awareness of prose. It’s also helping predict incidents of lead exposure. And get this…AI is even creating synthetic data for use in place of the real data that’s usually used to reach machine learning conclusions.Just think about the implications of that one for a second.No matter whether that fills you with amazement or fear, there’s no argument that the impact of deep learning is staggering. And for a technology with the ability to revolutionize literally every facet of life on Earth, there are some equally staggering opportunities for those who understand it all. The Deep Learning and Data Analysis Certification Bundle ($39.99, 90 percent off) can help make you one of those enlightened and highly employable few.This package brings together eight courses that explain how data analysis, visualizations, statistics, deep learning, and more really work.For any hope to really internalize information this complex, you need an instructor with an absolute command of their subject — and Minerva Singh knows her stuff. A seasoned data scientist, with a PhD from Cambridge and another degree from Oxford, Singh has spent years analyzing data and applying those findings to the creation of neural networks, artificial intelligence and machine learning.Now, Singh is opening up all that experience to eager deep learning students with these courses that don’t just examine how machines think, but also make those explanations understandable to new learners.Beginning with Data Analysis Masterclass With Statistics and Machine Learning In R, students are off and running, confronting easy-to-understand, hands-on examples of R programming and its place in the fabric of data science.From there, the exploration continues as training covers topics like organizing large data sets, producing powerful visualizations and reports, making business forecasting related decisions, and understanding and working with various types of manufactured neural networks.Singh is also a big advocate for free data analysis tools, so this package is often centered around accessible tools as opposed to proprietary apps that can cost big money. Students here learn to use tools like Karas, OpenCV and PyTorch, which can help you create your neural networks from scratch.This world-shaping and career-changing technology training regularly sells for about $1,600, but in this collection, you’ll get everything you need for about $5 per course, just $39.99.Note: Terms and conditions apply. See the relevant retail sites for more information. For more great deals, go to our partners at TechBargains.com.Now read:ET Deals: First Discounts On New Apple Watch Series 6 and 8th Gen Apple iPadMATLAB Is How Data Science Is Really Used By Engineers and Pioneers. Here’s How To Learn ItET Deals: Dell New G5 Gaming Desktop for $599, Samsung Galaxy Note 20 5G for $799
Extremetech may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. To find out more, read our complete terms of use.
Tagged In
et deals
Post a Comment Comment
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use.
ExtremeTech Newsletter
Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox.
Email
This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our
Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
More Articles
ET Deals: Amazon Echo Show 5 + Blink Mini Security Camera for $49, $50 Off Apple AirPods Pro
Dec 10
Hyundai Is Buying Boston Dynamics for Almost $1 Billion
Dec 10
Cyberpunk 2077 Is a Wreck on the Original Xbox One, PS4
Dec 10
Six Courses On How to Trade Cryptocurrency and Stocks Successfully for $30
Dec 10
SpaceX Starship Performs Amazing Flip Maneuver, Explodes on Hard Landing
Dec 10
We strongly encourage you to read our updated PRIVACY POLICY and COOKIE POLICY.
×