https://www.dealersolutions.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Privacy statement Dealer Solutions Pty Ltd (ABN 68 056 135 490) and its related and associated bodies corporate (us, we, our) maintain a policy of strict confidence concerning your (you, your) personal information (Privacy Statement). This Privacy Statement has been developed in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and other applicable law (Privacy Law). This Privacy Statement applies to the collection, storage, use and dissemination by us of your personal information. Access to this website (www.dealersolutions.com.au, referred to in this Privacy Statement as the Site) is conditional on your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Statement. Although we will comply with this Privacy Statement in respect of information provided to us by persons under the age of 18 years, those persons must obtain the consent of a parent or guardian prior to using the Site and the parent or guardian will be responsible for appropriately supervising the person’s use of the Site. Collecting personal information The information you provide to us is collected to enhance your use of the Site, to improve the Site, and to keep you informed of relevant upcoming events and our activities. It is also collected to allow the functions and services offered on the Site to be provided to you. Users: We will collect personal information directly from you where required, which may include your: name; address; location details; contact details; business details for your business; telephone numbers; facsimile numbers; credit card, debit card or bank details; email address; gender; age; and other information in connection with your activity on the Site and the products and services that we provide to you from time to time. Other: We may collect and use certain non-personal information such as the identity of your internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your internet service provider to optimise our services to you. By collecting this personal information we are able to: provide our services to you; provide your personal information to our service providers to enable our service providers to provide you with their products and services; contact you when and where necessary; and identify you and protect you from any unauthorised access to your personal information.We will allow anonymous interaction whenever lawful and practicable but wish to advise that failure to provide sufficient details will restrict the availability and quality of service provided to you. Cookies When you visit the Site the server may attach a “cookie” to your computer’s memory. A “cookie” assists us to store information on how visitors to the Site use it and the pages that may be of most interest. This information may be used to make assumptions about who uses your computer and to provide users of your computer with information that we think may interest the users of your computer. However, this information is not linked to any personal informati... Privacy statement Dealer Solutions Pty Ltd (ABN 68 056 135 490) and its related and associated bodies corporate (us, we, our) maintain a policy of strict confidence concerning your (you, your) personal information (Privacy Statement). This Privacy Statement has been developed in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and other applicable law (Privacy Law). This Privacy Statement applies to the collection, storage, use and dissemination by us of your personal information. Access to this website (www.dealersolutions.com.au, referred to in this Privacy Statement as the Site) is conditional on your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Statement. Although we will comply with this Privacy Statement in respect of information provided to us by persons under the age of 18 years, those persons must obtain the consent of a parent or guardian prior to using the Site and the parent or guardian will be responsible for appropriately supervising the person’s use of the Site. Collecting personal information The information you provide to us is collected to enhance your use of the Site, to improve the Site, and to keep you informed of relevant upcoming events and our activities. It is also collected to allow the functions and services offered on the Site to be provided to you. Users: We will collect personal information directly from you where required, which may include your: name; address; location details; contact details; business details for your business; telephone numbers; facsimile numbers; credit card, debit card or bank details; email address; gender; age; and other information in connection with your activity on the Site and the products and services that we provide to you from time to time. Other: We may collect and use certain non-personal information such as the identity of your internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your internet service provider to optimise our services to you. By collecting this personal information we are able to: provide our services to you; provide your personal information to our service providers to enable our service providers to provide you with their products and services; contact you when and where necessary; and identify you and protect you from any unauthorised access to your personal information.We will allow anonymous interaction whenever lawful and practicable but wish to advise that failure to provide sufficient details will restrict the availability and quality of service provided to you. Cookies When you visit the Site the server may attach a “cookie” to your computer’s memory. A “cookie” assists us to store information on how visitors to the Site use it and the pages that may be of most interest. This information may be used to make assumptions about who uses your computer and to provide users of your computer with information that we think may interest the users of your computer. However, this information is not linked to any personal information you may provide and cannot be used to identify you. You should be able to configure your computer so that it disables “cookies” or does not accept them. Online Behavioural Advertising (OBA) including data sharing settings We use advertising programs that place cookies on your computer to collect information about your browsing history (including on external websites). This information, which does not identify you personally, is collected in order to improve your online experience by customising the advertising you see to your interests including demographics, technology used, browser, location and language (Interests) plus displaying more relevant ads on external websites. We may review overall consumer behaviour for individuals or groups, and use search engine marketing on other websites. Any advertisements that may appear are not on your computer but are on a browser banner. The information obtained will not be combined with your personal information and is securely stored. Data is collected, processed and stored using third party analytics software that is secure and confidential. Analytical data is used to gain an understanding of user behaviour, perform system critical operations, and in extraordinary circumstances for legal reasons. Anonymous user data is shared between third party services in order to gain insight as to aggregate user behaviour. Analytic data insights are also used to target users through remarketing, demographics, interests and website behaviour. Third party vendors, including but not limited to Facebook and Google, may show our ads on sites across the internet. We and third party vendors, including but not limited to Facebook and Google, make use of third party cookies together in order to inform, optimise and serve ads based on past visits to a website. We make use of demographic data (such as age, gender and interests) obtained through third party tools in order to, but not limited to: influence marketing spend and communicate internally and externally the aggregate behaviour. We will not facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non personally identifiable information without prior user consent to that merger to optimise our website and website marketing; eg. we may collate personal information data and aggregate data for the purpose of comparing marketing costs with revenue on a transactional basis. Personally identifiable information is collected, processed and stored by us were provided to us explicitly by registering manually or by sharing personal identifiable information by Facebook Connect or OpenID connection. If you require any further information on OBA, for your reference we have provided an OAIC Fact Sheet on OBA (here). If you require any clarification regarding OBA please contact the Privacy Officer. Opt outs The opportunity to opt out of behavioural based digital advertising is available by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.com.au/opt-out/ If you wish to install an advertisement blocking program, an example is provided at: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom?hl=en If you wish to opt out of targeted digital marketing you can contact us by email at: privacyofficer@dealersolutions.com.au Use and disclosure of information We will not disclose information that personally identifies you to any third party other than as set out in this Privacy Statement. We may provide certain information about you including your personal information to our related bodies corporate. We may use your personal information to enable us to provide to you the products and services which you have asked us to provide. This includes using your information: for our internal operations (including accounting, risk management, record keeping, archiving, systems development and testing, staff training and compliance monitoring); to help us develop, establish and administer arrangements with other organisations in relation to the administration and use of the products and services which you have asked us to provide; to help us develop, identify and inform you of enhancements to the products and services which you have asked us to provide; to enable us to provide you with advice and ongoing service;We may also use and disclose your personal information for the following additional purposes: to help us develop, identify and inform you of other products and services that may interest you; to help us develop, establish and administer arrangements with other organisations in relation to the promotion, administration and use of such other products and services; for marketing of products and services.We may disclose your personal information to any person who carries out functions for us or to other organisations with whom we may have arrangements for promoting or marketing our products and services including the following (who will be bound by appropriate confidentiality obligations): entities we use for printing and/or mailing your regular statements and reports, newsletters and other correspondence other entities we may use for outsourcing the administration of products and/or services we provide to you your bank or other financial institution, for any direct debits or credits auditors, consultants, legal or accounting firms, industry bodies and regulators and a debt collection agencyAccess to your personal information If you wish to access your personal information held by us, you may contact us (see below) to see what it is and if it is up to date. This will be subject to any exemptions allowed under the Privacy Law. Accuracy of your information All reasonable steps are taken by us to ensure that your personal information held by us is accurate, complete and up to date. If you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate, please contact us (see below) and we will take all reasonable steps to correct it within 14 days. Third Parties and your information We will only collect, store, use or disseminate information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Statement unless we are required to protect our rights or property (or those of any third party), or to avoid injury to any person, by law. Although the Site may link directly to websites operated by third parties (Linked Sites), you acknowledge that Linked Sites are not operated by us. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy statement of any Linked Site on entering the Linked Site. We are not responsible for the content or practices of the Linked Sites nor their privacy policies regarding the collection, storage, use and dissemination of your personal information. Your consent By your use of the Products (as referred to in the Dealer Solutions Terms and Conditions) or Site you consent to the collection, storage, use and dissemination of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as otherwise permitted under applicable Privacy Law. Storage and security From time to time, we may transmit personal information to recipients outside of Australia. Where that is the case, we will use reasonable endeavours to identify such transmission to you and to indicate details of the countries in which those overseas recipients are located. Variation and consent to variation We may at any time vary the terms of this Privacy Statement. You should check this Privacy Statement regularly so that you are aware of any variations made to this Privacy Statement. You will be deemed to have consented to such variations by your continued use of the Site following such changes being made. Contact us If you wish to access your personal information, have a complaint as you believe your privacy has been breached or wish to update your details, please contact our Privacy Officer, who will take all reasonable steps to respond within 14 days, at: The Privacy Officer Dealer Solutions Pty Ltd
Telephone: 1300 11 66 33
Email: privacyofficer@dealersolutions.com.au Read More Read Less Privacy Policy Privacy statement Dealer Solutions Pty Ltd (ABN 68 056 135 490) and its related and associated bodies corporate (us, we, our) maintain a policy of strict confidence concerning your (you, your) personal information (Privacy Statement). This Privacy Statement has been developed in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and other applicable law (Privacy Law). This Privacy Statement applies to the collection, storage, use and dissemination by us of your personal information. Access to this website (www.dealersolutions.com.au, referred to in this Privacy Statement as the Site) is conditional on your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Statement. Although we will comply with this Privacy Statement in respect of information provided to us by persons under the age of 18 years, those persons must obtain the consent of a parent or guardian prior to using the Site and the parent or guardian will be responsible for appropriately supervising the person’s use of the Site. Collecting personal information The information you provide to us is collected to enhance your use of the Site, to improve the Site, and to keep you informed of relevant upcoming events and our activities. It is also collected to allow the functions and services offered on the Site to be provided to you. Users: We will collect personal information directly from you where required, which may include your: name; address; location details; contact details; business details for your business; telephone numbers; facsimile numbers; credit card, debit card or bank details; email address; gender; age; and other information in connection with your activity on the Site and the products and services that we provide to you from time to time. Other: We may collect and use certain non-personal information such as the identity of your internet browser, the type of operating system you use, your IP address and the domain name of your internet service provider to optimise our services to you. By collecting this personal information we are able to: provide our services to you; provide your personal information to our service providers to enable our service providers to provide you with their products and services; contact you when and where necessary; and identify you and protect you from any unauthorised access to your personal information.We will allow anonymous interaction whenever lawful and practicable but wish to advise that failure to provide sufficient details will restrict the availability and quality of service provided to you. Cookies When you visit the Site the server may attach a “cookie” to your computer’s memory. A “cookie” assists us to store information on how visitors to the Site use it and the pages that may be of most interest. This information may be used to make assumptions about who uses your computer and to provide users of your computer with information that we think may interest the users of your computer. However, this information is not linked to any personal information you may provide and cannot be used to identify you. You should be able to configure your computer so that it disables “cookies” or does not accept them. Online Behavioural Advertising (OBA) including data sharing settings We use advertising programs that place cookies on your computer to collect information about your browsing history (including on external websites). This information, which does not identify you personally, is collected in order to improve your online experience by customising the advertising you see to your interests including demographics, technology used, browser, location and language (Interests) plus displaying more relevant ads on external websites. We may review overall consumer behaviour for individuals or groups, and use search engine marketing on other websites. Any advertisements that may appear are not on your computer but are on a browser banner. The information obtained will not be combined with your personal information and is securely stored. Data is collected, processed and stored using third party analytics software that is secure and confidential. Analytical data is used to gain an understanding of user behaviour, perform system critical operations, and in extraordinary circumstances for legal reasons. Anonymous user data is shared between third party services in order to gain insight as to aggregate user behaviour. Analytic data insights are also used to target users through remarketing, demographics, interests and website behaviour. Third party vendors, including but not limited to Facebook and Google, may show our ads on sites across the internet. We and third party vendors, including but not limited to Facebook and Google, make use of third party cookies together in order to inform, optimise and serve ads based on past visits to a website. We make use of demographic data (such as age, gender and interests) obtained through third party tools in order to, but not limited to: influence marketing spend and communicate internally and externally the aggregate behaviour. We will not facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non personally identifiable information without prior user consent to that merger to optimise our website and website marketing; eg. we may collate personal information data and aggregate data for the purpose of comparing marketing costs with revenue on a transactional basis. Personally identifiable information is collected, processed and stored by us were provided to us explicitly by registering manually or by sharing personal identifiable information by Facebook Connect or OpenID connection. If you require any further information on OBA, for your reference we have provided an OAIC Fact Sheet on OBA (here). If you require any clarification regarding OBA please contact the Privacy Officer. Opt outs The opportunity to opt out of behavioural based digital advertising is available by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.com.au/opt-out/ If you wish to install an advertisement blocking program, an example is provided at: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom?hl=en If you wish to opt out of targeted digital marketing you can contact us by email at: privacyofficer@dealersolutions.com.au Use and disclosure of information We will not disclose information that personally identifies you to any third party other than as set out in this Privacy Statement. We may provide certain information about you including your personal information to our related bodies corporate. We may use your personal information to enable us to provide to you the products and services which you have asked us to provide. This includes using your information: for our internal operations (including accounting, risk management, record keeping, archiving, systems development and testing, staff training and compliance monitoring); to help us develop, establish and administer arrangements with other organisations in relation to the administration and use of the products and services which you have asked us to provide; to help us develop, identify and inform you of enhancements to the products and services which you have asked us to provide; to enable us to provide you with advice and ongoing service;We may also use and disclose your personal information for the following additional purposes: to help us develop, identify and inform you of other products and services that may interest you; to help us develop, establish and administer arrangements with other organisations in relation to the promotion, administration and use of such other products and services; for marketing of products and services.We may disclose your personal information to any person who carries out functions for us or to other organisations with whom we may have arrangements for promoting or marketing our products and services including the following (who will be bound by appropriate confidentiality obligations): entities we use for printing and/or mailing your regular statements and reports, newsletters and other correspondence other entities we may use for outsourcing the administration of products and/or services we provide to you your bank or other financial institution, for any direct debits or credits auditors, consultants, legal or accounting firms, industry bodies and regulators and a debt collection agencyAccess to your personal information If you wish to access your personal information held by us, you may contact us (see below) to see what it is and if it is up to date. This will be subject to any exemptions allowed under the Privacy Law. Accuracy of your information All reasonable steps are taken by us to ensure that your personal information held by us is accurate, complete and up to date. If you believe that any of your personal information is inaccurate, please contact us (see below) and we will take all reasonable steps to correct it within 14 days. Third Parties and your information We will only collect, store, use or disseminate information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Statement unless we are required to protect our rights or property (or those of any third party), or to avoid injury to any person, by law. Although the Site may link directly to websites operated by third parties (Linked Sites), you acknowledge that Linked Sites are not operated by us. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy statement of any Linked Site on entering the Linked Site. We are not responsible for the content or practices of the Linked Sites nor their privacy policies regarding the collection, storage, use and dissemination of your personal information. Your consent By your use of the Products (as referred to in the Dealer Solutions Terms and Conditions) or Site you consent to the collection, storage, use and dissemination of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as otherwise permitted under applicable Privacy Law. Storage and security From time to time, we may transmit personal information to recipients outside of Australia. Where that is the case, we will use reasonable endeavours to identify such transmission to you and to indicate details of the countries in which those overseas recipients are located. Variation and consent to variation We may at any time vary the terms of this Privacy Statement. You should check this Privacy Statement regularly so that you are aware of any variations made to this Privacy Statement. You will be deemed to have consented to such variations by your continued use of the Site following such changes being made. Contact us If you wish to access your personal information, have a complaint as you believe your privacy has been breached or wish to update your details, please contact our Privacy Officer, who will take all reasonable steps to respond within 14 days, at: The Privacy Officer Dealer Solutions Pty Ltd
Telephone: 1300 11 66 33
Email: privacyofficer@dealersolutions.com.au
Quick Links
Home
AutoRadar Market Insights
Vehicle Valuations
Digital Marketing
DMS
Innovations
Why Us
Join Our Team
Company News
Market Insights Report
Let’s Talk
Dashboard Login
Automotive. Connected. Digital
Automotive. Connected. Digital
BROWSER UPGRADE To get the most out of your modular website experience please upgrade to any of the below supported browsers
Google Chrome INSTALL Safari INSTALL Firefox INSTALL Microsoft Edge INSTALL NO THANKS Dealer Solutions Privacy Policy Brisbane City QLD 4000