http://www.bea.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html#adchoices
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and BEA
Oracle Buys BEA
Oracle has acquired BEA Systems, Inc., a leading provider of enterprise application infrastructure solutions. The addition of BEA is expected to accelerate innovation by bringing together two companies with a common vision of a modern service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure and to further increase the value that Oracle delivers to its customers and partners. Together, Oracle and BEA provide a complementary best-in-class middleware portfolio that spans Java Application Servers, transaction processing monitors, SOA and business process management, user interaction and Web 2.0, identity management, business intelligence, enterprise content management and vertical-specific technologies.
Support for BEA products
Information for Customers and Partners
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
May 06, 2008 letter from Thomas Kurian, Senior Vice President Development, to Oracle customers announcing the completion of the acquisition
January 16, 2008 letter to customers from Charles Phillips, President, Oracle outlining the benefits of the combination
Product Information
Oracle WebLogic Application Server Products
Oracle Tuxedo Transaction Processing Products
Oracle JRockit Family of Products
Oracle Business Process Management
Oracle WebLogic Suite
Product Download Information
Product downloads for developers (requires free OTN membership)
Latest BEA product downloads
Oracle User Groups
Oracle Welcomes BEA Customers! Join Oracle's most active, informed and satisfied customers participating in 450 users groups worldwide. Don't miss the opportunity to network, share experiences and best practices, get the latest news from Oracle and the user community, and provide input on Oracle products and services. For information about users groups and to find a users group near you, visit iouc.org.
.
Support, Services, and Sales
BEA customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers