http://www.clevercomponents.com/home/terms.asp
Home
Products
Articles
Downloads
Order
Support
E-mail NewsletterSubscribe to get informed about
Clever Components news.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Previous Newsletters
Clever Components Terms of Use
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THESE CLEVERCOMPONENTS TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
The following terms of service ("Terms of Use") govern your use of the CleverComponents Website (the "Site") and any web-based hosted services downloaded or accessed through the Site (the "Service(s)"), all of which are operated by CleverComponents. By using the Site and/or the Service, you irrevocably agree that such use is subject to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use the Site or the Service. By accessing or using the Site and/or the Service, you and the business entity or the organization you represent ("You" or "Your") indicate Your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use.
CleverComponents reserves the right to modify and update its Privacy Policy and Site Terms of Use as needs dictate and as legal requirements are updated. If and when a change is made to our Privacy Policy or Site Terms of Use, this page will be duly updated to reflect the change. Your continued use of the Site or the Service after any changes to these Privacy Policy/Terms of Use will mean that you accept those changes.
Legal, Copyright, and Trademark Information
All intellectual property rights associated with the Site and its Content are the sole property of CleverComponents. The content is protected by US and International copyright laws. All CleverComponents Service Marks so designated and all Products referenced on the Site are either trademarks or registered trademarks of CleverComponents. All custom graphics, icons, and other items that appear on the Site are trademarks, service marks or trade dress of CleverComponents and may not be used in any manner without the express written consent of CleverComponents.
CleverComponents has made every effort to supply third-party trademark information on the Site. All third party trademarks represented on this web site may be the property of their respective owners.
Certain areas of the Site may contain other proprietary notices, conditions of use, and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
Except for the rights of use and other rights expressly granted by these Terms of Use, you may not copy, reproduce, modify, lease, loan, sell, create derivative works from, upload, transmit, or distribute the Intellectual Property of the Site in any manner without the prior written consent of CleverComponents.
CleverComponents grants you a limited, personal, nontransferable, revocable license which cannot be sub-licensed to access and use the Site and its Content only in a manner expressly authorized by CleverComponents and the Site Terms of Use. Except to the extent required by law, the Content made available on the Site may not be reverse-engineered, modified, reproduced, republished, translated into any language, re-transmitted in any form or by any means, resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of CleverComponents. You may not make, sell, offer for sale, modify, reproduce, display, publicly perform, import, distribute, retransmit or otherwise use the Content in any way, unless expressly permitted to do so by CleverComponents.
Use of the Site and Service
You may use your user account for the Service only in accordance with these Terms of Use and only for lawful purposes. You are responsible for your own communications, including the upload, transmission and posting of information, and are responsible for the consequences of their posting on or through the Service.
You agree not to use the Site or the Service for: posting any information which is incomplete, false, inaccurate or not your own, trade secrets or material that is copyrighted or otherwise owned by a third party unless you have a valid license from the owner which permits you to post it, material that infringes on any other intellectual property, privacy or publicity right of another, advertisement, promotional materials or solicitation related to any product or service that is competitive with CleverComponents products or services or software or programs which contain any harmful code, including, but not limited to, viruses, worms or trojans; impersonating another person; engaging in or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any city, state, national or international law or regulation, or which fails to comply with accepted Internet protocol; transmitting or transferring information or software derived from the Site or the Service to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation of US export control laws. In addition, you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of the Site and the Service or network security, including, without limitation, the following: accessing data not intended for users of the Site or Service, or gaining unauthorized access to an account, server or any other computer system; attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security; attempting to interfere with the function of the Site, the Service or host, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, crashing or spamming, including promotions and advertising; forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. You agree not to, directly or indirectly: reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas or algorithms of the Site, Service, and CleverComponents products; modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Site and Service; use or access the Service to build, support or assist a third party in building or supporting, products or services competitive to CleverComponents. You agree to use the Site and Service only for your own internal business operations, and not to transfer, distribute, sell, republish, resell, lease, sublease, license, or sub-license, unless authorized in writing by CleverComponents.
Account Registration
In order to access and use the Service, you are required to open an account (User Account). When you register for your User Account you must provide true, accurate, current and complete information, and you agree to update it in order to ensure that it is current. Upon proper registration and opening of a User Account, and subject to all of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, CleverComponents hereby grants to you the personal, non-transferable right and license to use the Service, solely for your own internal purposes, until such time as either you or CleverComponents elect to terminate such right in accordance with these Terms of Use.
Upon registration, you will provide CleverComponents with a password to access your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for all of your activities and those of any third party that occur through your account, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify CleverComponents of any suspected or actual unauthorized use of your User Account. You agree that CleverComponents will not under any circumstances be liable for any cost, loss, damages or expenses arising out of a failure by you to maintain the security of your password.
Your Submissions
You will retain ownership of any data, information or material (Submissions) originated by you that you transmit through the Service. You shall be solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, content and legality of Submissions. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to transmit Submissions through the Service.
CleverComponents does not wish to receive, act to procure, nor desire to solicit, confidential or proprietary materials and information from you through the Site and Service. Any and all materials or information divulged during chats, online discussions, support ticket submissions, or made available to CleverComponents in any manner will be deemed not to be confidential by CleverComponents. You acknowledge that submissions to CleverComponents will not be considered confidential or proprietary and that CleverComponents will be under no obligation to keep such information confidential. You acknowledge that CleverComponents will have an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute such materials or information. You further agree CleverComponents is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send to us for any purpose.
In addition, you irrevocably represent and warrant to CleverComponents that the submissions do not and will not violate any applicable law or government regulation or infringe any right of publicity or invades the privacy of others, or any intellectual property right of any third party, none of your Submissions will constitute pornographic, indecent, profane or otherwise objectionable material, are discriminatory, hateful or bigoted toward, or abusive of, any group or individual, or are libelous or defamatory.
Third-Party Submissions and Support
The Service provides you the opportunity to provide and receive technical support assistance with third parties via the Customer Portal Community. CleverComponents makes no representations or warranties regarding the validity or quality of the technical support assistance you obtain from third-parties on the Service. You agree that use of third-party technical support assistance is done so at your own risk.
Aggregated and Anonymized Data
CleverComponents will have the right to collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use or performance of the Site and Service (including your Submissions), and to aggregate and/or anonymize all such data and information. CleverComponents will have the permission to: use such information and data to improve and enhance CleverComponents services and products, and disclose such data in aggregate or other anonimized form in connection with its business.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The content provided on the Site and all related Services are provided on an "as is" basis and are for information purposes only. In addition, all warranties are hereby disclaimed, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
The content, provided on the Site and the Service may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Content, including but not limited to pricing, subscription terms may be changed or updated without notice. CleverComponents may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice.
Outbound Links
The Site and Service contains links to and integrations with third party websites and services, and you agree that CleverComponents provides links to and integrations with such websites and services solely as a convenience and has no responsibility for the content or availability of such websites or services, and that CleverComponents does not endorse such websites or services. Your use of such websites and services will be subject to the terms applicable to each such website and service.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall CleverComponents be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or punitive and consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the Site and / or the Service, even if CleverComponents has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless CleverComponents, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Site and Service, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Export Restrictions
CleverComponents expressly complies with all export restrictions imposed by the government of the United States of America. You, as Developer End User, must agree not to export or re-export applicable Content available within this Site or Service to any country, person, entity or end user subject to U.S.A. export restrictions. Restricted countries currently include, but are not necessarily limited to Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria.  You warrant and represent that neither the U.S.A. Bureau of Export Administration nor any other federal agency has suspended, revoked or denied your export privileges.
Termination
CleverComponents, at its sole discretion, may terminate your access and use of all or any portion of the Site and Service at any time, with or without cause. Upon such termination, you must immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Service.
Privacy Policy
CleverComponents' use of personal data is governed by the terms set forth in our comprehensive Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
CleverComponents
Copyright (C) 1999-2020 www.CleverComponents.com
All rights reserved.
Home | Products | Downloads | Order | Support | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Copyright © 2000-2020