http://www.inforouter.com/privacy-policy
infoRouter Website Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
The short and sweet version
We do NOT sell, give away, share or otherwise disclose your information to any third parties. Period.
The long version
At Active Innovations, we are committed to honoring the privacy of our visitors. The following, discloses our information gathering and use practices. Please note that this privacy statement applies only to this site and not to other companies' or organizations' websites to which we may link.
In general the only information we collect about visitors is provided voluntarily. You can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. When you visit, at times we may ask you for contact information in order to better understand your needs so that we can provide you with better products and services. If we wish to use the information other than as set forth in this statement, we will let you know how we will use information gathered at the time of collection.
When you order a service, send us e-mail, register to receive news and updates, we will ask you to provide individually-identifiable information to us. When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose, we use the information only for that purpose.
Unless we specifically disclose it to you at the time of collection, we will not make visitor-specific information that is gathered on our site available to unaffiliated organizations for commercial purposes unrelated to the business of Active Innovations. We do NOT sell, give away, share or otherwise disclose your information to any third parties.
Cookies
Our site often makes use of a technology called cookies in order to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a website can send to your browser, which is stored on your hard drive so that we can better serve you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you or decline the receipt of a cookie. Our online demo of infoRouter requires that you set your browser to accept cookies.
Feedback
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us by sending an email to support@infoRouter.com or by
contacting us using the information provided in the about us page.
Legal Statement
infoRouter.com Legal Statement page.