http://www.cadpro.com/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Delta Software International, LLC (“DSI”). We recognize that many visitors to our site are interested in knowing how we protect and use the personal information they provide us online. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This Privacy Policy explains how we treat such information provided online.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information when you subscribe to our services provided at this site and when you purchase software on this site. At these times, we ask for information such as your name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address.
We do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. We currently do receive or record information on our server logs from your browser, such as your IP address.
Information Use
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except to provide products or services you have requested, or under the following circumstances:
When we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
When we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms and Conditions of Use, or as otherwise required by law or legal order or process.
Additionally, as we continue to develop our business, we might sell or purchase business units or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless you consent otherwise). Also, if DSI (or substantially all of its assets) is acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Information Protection
We are committed to keeping your personal information that is provided to us private and confidential, in conformance with this Privacy Policy. However, we do not accept any responsibility for accidental or inadvertent disclosure, unauthorized access or other disclosure as required by law or described herein.
Children
Our Privacy Policy and practices reflect applicable laws and regulations on children’s privacy. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. We do not retain any information we receive that is identified as being from a child under age 13.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the e-mail address you provide or by placing a prominent notice on our website. Please check our website frequently to see any recent updates.
Terms and Conditions of Use
If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Oklahoma.
Questions?
If you have any questions, contact us via e-mail at admin@cadpro.com.
CADPro™ is a registered trademark of Delta Software International, LLC, all rights reserved.
Deck Design Software
Fence Design Software
Do It Yourself Plans Software
Floor Plan Software
Office Design Software
Furniture Design Software
Landscape Design Software
Design Your Own Home
Restaurant Design Software
Easy-to-Use Drafting Software
Easy-to-Use CAD Software
AutoCAD vs. CADPro
Free Floor Plans
Drafting Software For Anyone
Electrical Drawings
Free Do It Yourself Projects
Home Design Software
House Plan Software
Commercial Floor Plan Software
Mechanical Drawings
Remodeling Floor Plans
Small House Plans
Home Plans
House Plans
Blueprint Software
Patent Design Software
View Gallery >
Testimonials >
Download Now >
CAD Pro with over 2.5 million users world wide.
ABC News
Joe Appio – Operations Manager
“New CAD Pro software is not only a powerful tool, but it is very user friendly and inexpensive.”
CAD Pro Wins AEP Award
Association of
Educational Publishers
"As seen on
ABC Extreme Makeover
Home Edition."