http://www.profidb.com/meta-nav/privacy-notice.html
Toggle navigation
Solutions
Overview
PLM
DMS
Planning
keytech explorer
keytech portal
keytech search
global availability
Interfaces
keytech insight
add-ons
Implementation Concept
keytech best practice
Company
About keytech
References
News
keydays studio
Press
Newsletter
Messen
Hotfix
Partners
Contact
Service Center
Remote Support
DEEN
data protection and security
stockunlimited.com © 1732959
Information for data protection and security
Preamble
Data Protection Declaration
The use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data.
Insofar as personal data are collected when visiting our websites, we process them exclusively in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (VO (EU) 2016/679; DS-GVO) and the Federal Data Protection Act of 30 July 2017 (BDSG-neu), as well as the Telemedia Act (TMG). The processing of personal data takes place exclusively in accordance with this data protection declaration.
This data protection declaration applies to the use of the website at the address www.keytech.de. For linked contents of other providers, the data protection declaration deposited on the linked website is decisive.
We would like to point out that security loopholes may occur in the course of data transmission via the Internet which cannot be prevented by the technical design of this website. A complete protection of personal data is not possible when using the Internet.
Responsible Authority
Responsible for the processing of personal data in the context of the use of this website is:
keytech Software GmbH
Managing Director:
Dr.-Ing. Dipl.-Wirt.-Ing. Reiner Heimsoth
keytech Software GmbH
Maria-von-Linden-Straße 25
45665 Recklinghausen
Germany
Email: info(at)keytech.de
Data Protection Officer
As data protection officer we have appointed:
Mr. Dipl.-Inform. Olaf Tenti
Gesellschaft für Datenschutz und Informationssicherheit mbH
Körnerstr. 45
58095 Hagen
Germany
E-Mail: datenschutz(at)gdi-mbh.eu
Internet: www.gdi-mbh.eu
Hosting
Our website is operated on servers of netcup GmbH,
Daimlerstraße 25, 76185 Karlsruhe, Germany (Hoster).
Collected Data
When you visit our website, data is automatically collected and stored in log files on our hoster's server. This data can have a personal reference. Among the data collected are: Name of the accessed website
Date and time of retrieval
Amount of data transferred
Notification of successful retrieval Type of Internet browser Version of the internet browser
The operating system under the browser with patch level Previously visited page
Requesting provider IP addresses
The host uses the collected data to operate the website and to ensure IT security. If there are concrete indications, the log data will be analyzed subsequently if necessary.
Duration of storage by the hoster
Data stored by the hoster will be deleted automatically after 14 days.
In the context of the use of our website, personal data are transmitted to third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are used to provide our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device to enable the recognition of your device.
Cookies are used to provide you with technical access to the services of our websites. For this purpose, so-called session cookies are used, which enable recognition within a visit to our pages. After your visit, cookies are automatically deleted by your browser.
We use cookies to optimize our web pages. For this purpose, so-called session cookies are used, which enable recognition within a visit to our pages. Session cookies are automatically deleted from your browser after your visit. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Furthermore, we use cookies, which serve to recognize your device across sessions. Cookies stored on your device for this purpose are not deleted after each session.
You can object to the use of cookies by the settings of your browser and thus prevent the setting of cookies. We would like to point out that the use of individual functions of our website may then not be possible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties (end-to-end encryption). The protocols authenticate the communication partner and ensure the integrity of the transported data.
Contact Options (form / e-mail)
On our website you can contact us via e-mail or contact form. In this context, personal data will be stored and processed for the purpose of communication. The data collected for this purpose (full name, company, address, telephone number, e-mail address) will not be passed on to third parties without your expressed consent.
The basis for data collection pursuant to Art. 6, para. 1, sentence 1 of the German DS-GVO are: any consent you may have given (lit. a); any processing of the information to fulfil a contract or to initiate a contract (lit. b); any fulfilment of a legal obligation (lit. b); and the legitimate interest of our company in the communication you have initiated (lit. f).
The data will be deleted when the purpose of communication has been achieved. Mandatory statutory provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.
Newsletter
On our website you have the possibility to subscribe to a newsletter which will be sent by e-mail. The newsletter will be sent to your e-mail address on the basis of your personal registration with subsequent confirmation (double opt-in), with which you agree to receive the newsletter. The legal basis for this is defined in Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO.
To send the newsletter, we store your e-mail address, your first and last name and the lists you have subscribed to. The data will not be passed on to third parties.
Our newsletter system has a function with which we can keep track of which recipients opened the newsletter at what time. This data is stored and used to evaluate the reach of individual campaigns.
Revocation of consent
You can object to the use of your data at any time with effect for the future. You will find a way to unsubscribe from the newsletter at the end of each newsletter mail or under this link: http://www.keytechplm.com/news/newsletter/unsubscribe-newsletter.html
Integration of third-party services and content
Our pages contain links to other pages. We point out that we have no influence on the design and content of these pages to which links are provided. No responsibility can be taken for the topicality, correctness or completeness of the information contents there. We explicitly distance ourselves from all contents of any linked pages. This applies to all links to external sites and their respective contents contained on our Internet pages.
Google Maps
Parts of our website use Google Maps functions to integrate map data. This content is provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). When you visit our website, your browser loads the necessary code from Google. To do this, the browser you are using must connect to Google's servers. This will enable Google to know that your IP address has been used to access our website. At the same time, Google may place cookies on your terminal device unless you have prohibited the use of cookies in your browser, or read cookies. Location data can also be collected if you allow this in your browser.
The use of Google Maps is for the purpose of an appealing, comfortable design of our website and allows you to find places on our website more easily. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Data is transferred to the USA in accordance with the implementing decision (EU) 2016/1250 of the EU Commission (EU-US Data Protection Shield).
Your IP address is collected by us to enable transmission to Google. You are not obliged to provide this data, but it is not possible to use the affected parts of our website without providing this data.
Further information can be found in Google's privacy policy, which can be found at www.google.com/policies/privacy.
reCAPTCHA
In order to protect input forms on our site, we use the "reCAPTCHA" service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter "Google". Through the use of this service it can be differentiated whether a form input is of human origin or whether it is misused by automated mechanical processing. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
In order to implement this functionality, your referrer URL, IP address, the behaviour of website visitors, information about the operating system, browser and length of visit, cookies, display instructions, scripts, information about the user's input behaviour and mouse movements in the "reCAPTCHA" checkbox area are transferred to "Google".
Google uses the information obtained in this way, among other things, to digitize and optimize its own various services. The IP address transmitted as part of "reCAPTCHA" is not merged with other data from Google, unless you are logged into your Google account at the time of using the "reCAPTCHA" plug-in / i.e. at the time of visiting our website. If you want "Google" to prevent this transmission and storage of data about you and your behaviour on our website, you must log out of "Google" before calling up our site.
The terms of use of the service "reCAPTCHA" can be found under: www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
Use of YouTube components with advanced privacy mode
On our website we use components (videos) from YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company of Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, with YouTube's "Extended Privacy Mode" option enabled. This means that only the data required to display the videos - i.e. the information which of our pages you visit - is transmitted to the service provider. If you are logged in to YouTube while visiting our website, the transferred information will be assigned to your YouTube member account. You can prevent this by logging out of your member account before visiting our website.
By accessing a page with a video embedded by YouTube, a connection is established to the YouTube servers in order to display the content (i.e. the video) on our page by sending a message to your browser. The legal basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Further information on YouTube's data protection is provided by Google under the following link: www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
GoToWebinar from LogMeIn, Inc
We offer
free webinars for customers via our website. A webinar is comparable to a
face-to-face seminar and takes place computer/software-supported via the
Internet. You can participate in a webinar if you have previously registered
with your e-mail address at https://www.keytech.de.
In order to be able to address you personally, you can voluntarily provide
additional data: First name, surname, company name, address, postal code, city,
country.
We will
then send you an e-mail to the specified e-mail address asking you to confirm
your registration (double-opt-in).
To conduct
webinars over the Internet, we use the GoToWebinar
software solution from
LogMeIn Inc. 333 Summer Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02210. LogMeIn has been
certified under the EU Privacy
Shield (certificate available at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000013fAAA).
The EU Privacy Shield can be used as a basis for transferring
personal
data
from Europe to U.S. companies that have been certified
under the
Privacy
Shield, following a decision by the European
Commission.
LogMeIn,
Inc. is the data controller for the provision of this
service and related data
processing. LogMeIn's privacy policy can be
found at https://www.logmeininc.com/de/legal/privacy.
For the purpose of conducting the webinar on an order-by-order basis,
we will
transfer your registration or customer information to
LogMeIn,
Inc. You will
then receive an e-mail containing a link to the
invitation to the webinar with
your access data.
After the
webinar, statistical data will be sent to us. If you
participate in a webinar,
ask or answer a question during the webinar,
we will receive in addition to
your registration information,
information about the duration of the webinar,
interest in the webinar,
the question asked or answer, for the purpose of
further customer
support or enhancing the user experience. Optionally, it is
possible to
process documents and forms together with your contact person
(customer guide).
An
encrypted connection is established between you and the webinar
organizer. The
audio or video information transmitted unidirectionally
during this session
will be recorded by us so that the webinar can be
made available to the
participants for download afterwards. We do not
record any interactions of the participants
during the webinar.
By clicking
on "Participate" you confirm that you will not make any recordings or
screen copies of this session.
You can end
the session at any time by simply closing the browser
window or exiting the
program or app. If your contact person ends the
session, your session
participation will automatically end as well.
The legal
basis for the processing of data for registration,
execution and billing of the
webinars offered by us is Art. 6 para. 1
lit. b DSGVO.
Personal
data required for the registration and
execution of online seminars will be
stored until the expiry of the
commercial or tax law retention periods and
deleted thereafter.
Google Web Fonts
This site
uses so-called web fonts provided by Google to uniformly display fonts. When
you call up a page, your browser loads the required Web fonts into your browser
cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
To do this,
the browser you are using must connect to Google's servers. This gives Google
knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of
Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of
our online services. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning
of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
If your
browser does not support web fonts, a default font is used by your computer.
Further
information about Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Fan page on Facebook
Our
presence on social networks and platforms, such as Facebook, serves an active
and contemporary communication with our customers and interested parties. We
inform them about our services, products and interesting special promotions
around our company. When you visit our online presence in social media, your
data may be automatically collected and stored for market research and
advertising purposes. So-called user profiles are created from this data using
pseudonyms. These can be used, for example, to place advertisements inside and
outside the platforms that presumably correspond to your interests. Cookies are
generally used on your terminal device for this purpose. The function of
cookies is explained as part of our data protection policy, so please refer to
the relevant information there. The visitor behavior and the interests of the
users are stored in these cookies. This serves to safeguard our predominantly
legitimate interests in an optimized presentation of our services and offers as
well as effective communication with customers and interested parties within
the framework of a weighing of interests. The legal basis for the processing is
therefore Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) EU-DSGVO. If you are asked by the respective
social media platform operators for their consent to data processing, e.g. with
the help of a checkbox, the legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1
lit. a) EU-DSGVO. Insofar as the aforementioned social media platforms have
their headquarters in the USA, the following applies: The European Commission
has issued an adequacy decision for the USA. This goes back to the EU-US
Privacy Shield. A current certificate for each company can be found on the
following website: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
For
detailed information on the processing and use of the data by the providers on
their pages as well as a contact option and your rights and settings in this
regard to protect your privacy, in particular opt-out options, please refer to
the data protection information of the providers linked below:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You will
find the opt-out option as follows:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
Should you
have any further questions in this regard, you can also contact us (contact
details can be found above).
Data
processing is carried out on the basis of an agreement between jointly
responsible parties pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO, which you can view here: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Click on the Facebook button and you will be redirected to the following page:
https://www.facebook.com/keytechSoftwareGmbH
Xing
Clicking on the Xing button will take you to the following page:
https://www.xing.com/companies/keytechsoftwaregmbh
Google+
Click on the Google+ button and you will be redirected to the following page:
https://plus.google.com/117143057521546172152
YouTube
Click on the YouTube button and you will be redirected to the following page:
https://www.youtube.com/user/keytechSoftwareGmbH
Twitter
Click on the Twitter button and you will be redirected to the following page:
https://twitter.com/keytechSoftware
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website. The service is offered by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter "Google").
We have concluded a contract with Google for order data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a DSGVO.
If you have consented to data processing, Google may store cookies on your terminal device to provide the service. Cookies are small text files that serve to recognise your browser. Google stores the following data as part of your website usage: In addition to the IP address, the time, place, duration and frequency of your website visit are stored.
Within the framework of the processing of Google Analytics, personal data is transmitted to the USA.
Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating website usage, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services to those responsible for website usage.
Before the IP address is transmitted to the USA, it is anonymised by the -anonymizeIP function on servers within the member states of the European Union.
The transfer of personal data to the USA takes place on the basis of an adequacy decision of the European Commission dated 12 July 2016 ("EU-US Data Protection Shield"). You can download the certificate at www.privacyshield.gov/participant.
Under no circumstances will Google merge your IP address with other data within Google.
Information on terms of use and data protection can be found at www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and policies.google.com respectively.
The data sent by us and linked to cookies are automatically deleted after 14 months.
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by preventing the storage of cookies through an appropriate setting in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to the full extent.
Objection to the collection of data
You can object to the data collection by Google Analytics as follows: Google provides a deactivation add-on that you can install in your browser. If this is properly installed in your browser, no data is collected by Google as part of the Analytics program. The possibility of objection within the scope of the Analytics program has no effect on a possible transfer of data to other web services.
The deactivation add-on can be downloaded from the Google website under this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
Alternatively, you can set an "opt-out cookie" for the browser used by clicking on the following link. When you visit this website, no more data will be forwarded to Google Analytics.
Disable Google Analytics
Please note that the opt-out cookie may be deleted. The deletion of the opt-out cookie depends on your individual browser settings. If the cookie is deleted, it must be reset by clicking on the link above again.
In case of a contradiction against the data collection by Google Analytics it can happen that not all services provided by us can be used properly.
We also disclose personal data upon official and/or court order. A passing on of personal data, which goes beyond that mentioned in this Data Protection Declaration, does not take place.
Your rights and assertion of rights
You have the rights set out below. You can assert these against us. For the assertion please use the above mentioned data or send an e-mail to:
datenschutz(at)keytech.de
Right to information
You have a right to information about whether we process personal data about you, for what purposes we process the data, which categories of personal data about you we process, to whom the data may have been forwarded, how long the data may be stored and what rights you have.
Right to correct data
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data concerning you that is stored by us corrected. You also have the right to have us complete an incomplete data record stored by us.
Deletion
You may request us to delete your personal data if (1) the data has been processed unlawfully, (2) the purpose for which the data was collected has been achieved, (3) you have revoked your consent to data processing and there is no other legal basis for processing, (4) we are subject to a legal obligation to delete the data, (5) they are under 16 years of age or (6) you have objected to processing and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for processing on our part.
Right to limitation of processing
You may request us to restrict processing in the following cases. In these cases, we will block the data and will not process them further. (1) If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data for the duration of our audit. (2) If you have requested deletion and we cannot or may not carry out deletion. (3) If you need the data for the assertion of claims, but we would be obliged to delete them because the purpose of the processing has been achieved. (4) If you have objected to the processing and no final decision has yet been taken.
Objection to the processing
If the processing of personal data concerning you is based on legitimate interests on our part, you may object to the processing for reasons arising from your particular situation.
Right to data transferability
You have the right to request data which you yourself have provided within the framework of a contract or on the basis of a consent and which is processed automatically, from us as a standard machine-readable format (data record).
Revocation of consent given
If you have consented to the processing of personal data, you can revoke your consent at any time. Please send your revocation to the above mentioned data or by mail to: datenschutz(at)keytech.de
Right of appeal on data protection supervision
You have the right to appeal to the supervisory authorities with a data protection complaint.
The supervisory authority responsible for us is
State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information North Rhine-Westphalia
Kavalleriestr. 2-4, 40213 Düsseldorf (NRW), Germany
Phone: 0211/38424-0
Fax: 0211/38424-10
Email: poststelle(at)ldi.nrw.de
Internet: www.ldi.nrw.de
The complaint may be lodged with any supervisory authority, irrespective of its competence.
Contact
keytech Software GmbH
Maria-von-Linden-Straße 25
45665 Recklinghausen
Germany
Tel.: +49 2361 985 80 0
Fax: +49 2361 985 80 23
E-Mail: info@keytech.de
Solutions
Overview
PLM
DMS
Planning
keytech explorer
keytech portal
keytech search
global availability
Interfaces
keytech insight
add-ons
Implementation Concept
keytech best practice
Company
About keytech
News
keydays studio
Press
Newsletter
Messen
Hotfix
Partners
Service Center
References
Remote Support
Cookie Settings
Imprint
Privacy Notice
Terms and Conditions
© 2020 keytech Software GmbH
VISIT US ON
web relaunch by attentio