https://www.FJAProducts.com/common/policies.asp?#privacy
Toll-Free 1-800-982-9989
Cartridge/Part # :
Brand:
Select
Brother
Canon
Epson
HP
Konica-Minolta
Lexmark
Minolta
Panasonic
QMS
Sharp
Xerox
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Acroprint
Addmaster
Adler Royal
Admate
Alps
Amano
Amstrad
Apollo
Apple
AT&T
Brother
C.itoh
Canon
Casio
Centronics
Citizen
Compaq
CopyStar
Data Feeds
DEC
Dell
DEX
DH Tech
Diebold
Dymo / CoStar
Epson
Facit
Fujitsu
GCC
Genicom
Gestetner
Hermes
HP
Hypercom
IBM
JetFax
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lathem
Lexmark
Maxell
Media
Minolta
Monroe
Muratec/Murata
Nakajima
NCR
NEC
Nu-Kote
Office Supplies
OkiData
Olivetti
Olympia
OmniFax
Optima
Output Technology
Panasonic
Paper Products
Philips
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
QMS
Remington
Remstar
Ricoh
Risograph
Royal
Royal CopyStar
SamSung
Savin
Sears
Seiko
Seikosha
Sharp
Siemens
Silver Reed
Smith Corona
Star Micronics
Swintec
Tally
TEC
Tektronix
Teletype
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Underwood
Unisonic
Verifone
Victor
VOIP
Xerox
Model:
Shop By Printer Model
BrotherCanonEpsonHPKonica-MinoltaLexmarkMinoltaPanasonicQMSSharpXeroxAll Brands
Services
Reorders
Login / Logout
Account Profile
Customer Service
Ordering Information
Company Policies
Guarantee and Returns
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
Surveys and Contests
Guarantee and Returns
Returns
We understand that sometimes you may simply want to return an item for a full
refund, and we make it easy.
You can return any item within 90 days of the
invoice date by requesting a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) and returning
the unused/unopened cartridges for a full refund excluding shipping and handling
charges.
If the order shipped with our free freight option there will be a $5.95
restocking fee.
To process your return, please contact Customer Service by phone or email
(support@fjaproducts.com) to request
an RMA. Your RMA number helps us track your return and ensures it’s processed
according to your wishes. All returns must be shipped freight prepaid, with our
RMA visibly written on the mailing label.
Please enclose:
Packing Slip or Invoice
Completed Return Information Form
All returns must be in resalable condition. Inner packing, if any, must remain
unopened and manufacturers' packing must be unopened and free of any markings,
labels, etc.
Defective Products
Defective products must be reported within 90 days of the invoice date. If
you receive a defective product, FJAproducts.com can either send you a replacement
cartridge or give you a full refund excluding shipping and handling charges. In
either case, you will be sent a Pre-Paid Mailing Label for you to return the
item. In order to receive a replacement or refund on your ink products it must
be returned at least 60% full (verified by weight).
Refunds: FJAproducts.com will issue a full refund for defective products (less shipping/handling charges) once the defective item has been received and inspected.
Replacements: FJAproducts.com will send replacements at no additional cost for defective products.
Please return the defective item using our pre-paid shipping label within 30 days to avoid additional charges (equal to the replacement cost).
When returning defective cartridges you must enclose the following:
Packing Slip or Invoice
Completed Return Information Form
A Sample Print showing the problem (very helpful)
To process your return, please contact Customer Service by phone or email
(support@fjaproducts.com) to request
a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA), which needs to be included with the defective cartridge.
Exchanges
The fastest way to exchange an item is to simply place a new order for the item
you want and then return the unwanted items.
Please submit an RMA request before
returning the unwanted item.
Cancelled/Refused Orders
Processed orders cannot be cancelled. The customer is responsible for all freight
charges, a 15-20% restocking fee and all bankcard service fees on cancelled orders
or refused deliveries.
Lost/Stolen or Damaged Merchandise:
All claims related to damaged merchandise or shipping shortages must be made
within 5 days of the invoice date. FJAproducts.com is not responsible for lost or
stolen shipments, if you are concerned about UPS, FedEx, Airborne Express or the
Post Office leaving packages and would like signature confirmation added to your
order, you may request this by calling 800-982-9989. Signature Confirmation is
available for an additional $5.00.
Privacy Policy
We know you're concerned about protecting your privacy online, and so are we.
FJAproducts.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online; we treat your
personal information (especially your credit card number) with the highest standards
of safety, security and confidentiality. The personal information you provide will
only be used by FJAproducts.com and will not be sold, rented or given to any
other entity. We collect only essential customer contract information, such as
your email address, mailing address, shipping address, and credit card information.
The contact information is only used to get in touch with you when necessary. All
Credit card information is used only to bill you for the products and services that
you select.
FJAproducts.com respects the privacy of our customers. We do not and will not
willingly share the information you provide us with outside companies or organizations.
This policy applies specifically to your name, email address, phone number, and any
other individually identifiable information.
What We Gather
FJAproducts.com uses customer information collected only to process your order or
pricing request. We do not collect personal information without your knowledge. We do
not sell, rent or give your personal information to unrelated third parties. Examples
of personal information include: your full name, home address, billing address, e-mail
address and phone number.
We need your name, billing address, shipping
address, e-mail address, home phone number and credit card number to process
and ship your order. We will need your e-mail address to confirm your order and
keep you updated on your order status (i.e., tracking number). If we have a
question about your order, we may contact you by e-mail or by phone. For
example, we may call you to verify your credit card information on a large
purchase. We do this for your protection.
For price quotes, we will need your e-mail address and or phone number
and the state you reside in. This information is needed to complete your
request and get a response back to you as soon as possible.
In addition, we use your information to recommend
products and features based on your past purchases, to personalize our
newsletter if you choose to subscribe, to maintain your account and to improve
your shopping experienceYou may choose not to receive
these e-mails by updating your account profile.
Who We Share It With
FJAproducts.com is a subsidiary of Francis, James & Associates.The
company that operates online office supply stores under the names
FJAproducts.com, Zbin.com and laserconcepts-llc.com.We share customer
information with Francis, James & Associates.
Third Parties
FJAproducts.com does not share information about you with unrelated third parties. However,
we may disclose aggregate customer information (such as number of visits or average order
amounts) to advertisers or other third parties.
Newsletter
If you do not want to receive the personal e-mail newsletters from FJAproducts.com with updates on
sales, promotions and new products, you may choose not to receive these e-mails by updating
your account profile You can also unsubscribe to the FJAproducts.com newsletter at anytime by
replying to the letter and placing "REMOVE" in the subject line.
Contacting FJAProducts.com Customer Service
If you contact FJAproducts.com customer service, we will use your name, e-mail
address, phone number and order history to answer your question or solve your
problem quickly.We will not add your e-mail address to our personal
newsletter mailing list if you contact customer service.
Legal Requests
We may release customer account or other information if we're advised that release
is necessary to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property and safety of
FJAproducts.com, our customers or others. This may include the exchange of
information with companies and organizations or law enforcement for loss
prevention and credit risk reduction.
This policy explains how we collect information about you and how we use that information.
We also outline the choices you have. By shopping at FJAproducts.com, you accept the practices
outlined in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, contact us via e-mail at
support@fjaproducts.com. Or, write us at
FJAproducts.com Customer Service, PO Box 341, San Marcos, CA 92079.
Security Policy
Protecting Your Personal Information
FJAproducts.com pledges a safe and worry-free shopping experience. We use the
industry standard for Internet security, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption
to scramble your personal and credit card information as it travels over the
Internet during the checkout process. This encryption makes it impossible for
anyone to read your information in transit. We protect all of your personal information,
including your name, address, and credit card information. All of your information is
stored on a secure server using the latest encryption technology.
You will know you're in the "secure" area
of our Website when you select "Order Online" after you begin the
checkout process. Once selected, you will see "http" portion of
FJAproducts.com's Website address in your browser changes to "https."
The "s" stands for "secure." In addition, all modern browsers
use special symbols to indicate that you're in a website's secure area.
Protecting Your Credit Card Information
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption scrambles your credit card number when you
submit your order, making it completely unreadable as it travels over the Internet.
All of your information is stored on a secure server using the latest encryption technology.
How Your Account Information is Kept Secure
FJAproducts.com pledges a safe and worry-free shopping experience. We use the industry
standard for Internet security, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to scramble your
personal and credit card information as it travels over the Internet during the checkout
process. This encryption makes it impossible for anyone to read your information in transit.
We protect all of your personal information, including your name, address, and credit card
information.All of your information is stored on a secure server using the latest encryption
technology.
External Links
FJAproducts.com's Website contains links to other sites.
FJAproducts.com is not
responsible for their privacy practices or the content of such web sites. In addition, we
do not share or exchange information about our customers with these web sites. Please review
the privacy policy of those sites to understand the implications of providing information to
these other sites.
The information you submit to us is controlled by the privacy policy in effect
at the time you submit it. If we significantly change our policy, we will
notify you of the policy changes and provide you with the opportunity to not
participate in the new policy by having your information removed from our server.
Survey and Contests
We may occasionally run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for personal information
(like their email and mailing addresses). We use the data from our contests to
send users information about our company. The customer's contact
information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. You may
choose not to receive these e-mails by updating your account profile.
© 2020, FJAProducts.com.
All Rights Reserved.
Home |
Help |
Contact Us |
Privacy Statement |
Shipping |
Site Map |
Quick Quote |
Related Links
Refer-A-Friend |
Affiliate Program |
Copyright & Legal |
Product List |
Manufacturer Support