http://www.snp.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
It is SNP Technology Inc.’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up to date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make information readily available to customers about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. SNP Technologies may change this privacy policy from time to time at SNP Technology’s sole discretion.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Information Sharing
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. If required, we may disclose your personal information only:
As required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
If SNP Technologies is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Web beacons are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns. Our Web pages may also contain Web beacons that are set by our third-party partners (like Google Analytics etc). Web beacons are used along with cookies enabling our partners to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used. We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@snp.com. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
Links to Other Web Sites
The SNP website may or may not include links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of SNP Technologies. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at info@snp.com
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
SNP Technologies, Inc.
2319 Whitney Avenue, Suite 3C
Hamden, CT 06518-3535
Email: info@snp.com
2019 US Partner Award Winner
Intelligent Cloud - OSS on Microsoft Azure Award
2019 Partner Of The Year Finalist
Open Source Applications & Infrastructure on Azure Award
2018 US SI Partner Of the Year Winner
Solution Innovation on Microsoft Azure Award
2018 Partner Of The Year Finalist
Open Source Applications & Infrastructure on Azure Award