https://www.touchdynamic.com/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
HOME PRODUCTSAll Products All-In-One SystemsAcrobat All-In-One POS Acrobat with Android All-In-One POS System Atlas All-in-One Touch Terminal Breeze All-In-One POS System Breeze 185 All-In-One Wide-Screen Touchscreen POS Breeze Performance POS Touchscreen System Breeze Ultra All-in-One System Pulse All-In-One POS System Pulse Ultra All-In-One QK10 All-In-One Series QK22 All-in-One Panel PC Saturn All-In-One POS Surge 22 All-In-One Universal Printer Base Next Generation Slim Printer Base
PC’s & ServersOrion Ultra Back Office PC Saturn DV PC Industrial POS Computer
Mobile TabletsCasino Tablet Quest VIII Rugged Tablet Quest III: Next Generation Rugged POS Tablet with EMV Level 3
KiosksEdge Kiosk Pavilion Kiosk Podium Kiosk Slim Podium Kiosk
Touch MonitorsPulse Ultra Touch Monitor
PrintersThermal PrintersTB4 Thermal Receipt Printer TB3 Trio Thermal Receipt Printer Epson T20IIIL Receipt Printer Epson TM-T70II Thermal Printer Epson TM-m30 Receipt Printer
Mobile PrintersEpson Mobilink P20 Mobile Receipt Printer
Impact PrintersPR-IM Impact Receipt Printer
Next Generation Slim Printer Base Universal Printer Base Cash Drawers Peripherals
INDUSTRIESCasino Gaming Cinema Healthcare Nightclub & Bar Manufacturing Restaurant Retail School Cafeteria
RESOURCESDrivers and Software Product Manuals Configuration Tool Photos Specification Sheets Touch Dynamic MAPP Ebooks Case Studies
SUPPORTTech Support RMA Request Request RMA Status Image Submission Remote Support FAQBreeze LCD Replacement Level 10 Warranty SSD
ABOUTCompany Awards Upcoming Events News & Information The Ultimate Guide to Enterprise Mobility Everything You Need to Know About Self-Service Kiosks Everything You Need to Know about Restaurant POS Everything You Need to Know About Rugged Tablets Everything You Need to Know About Retail POS Everything You Need to Know About All-in-One Point of Sale
WHERE TO BUY PARTNERSDistribution Partners Software Partners Vendor Partners
CONTACT PROMOTIONS BLOGView all Blogs Kiosk Mobile POS Nightclub and Bar Payments Restaurant Retail Technology
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.touchdynamic.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, respond to a product inquiry, Ship an order etc.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about promotions, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Touch Dynamic’s privacy policy includes rights for all California visitors of www.touchdynamic.com and is compliant with the CCPA as of January 1st 2020. New regulations under this Act that are enforced by Touch Dynamic include:
Notice to consumers at or before data collection
Disclosure of financial incentives (if any) offered in exchange for retention or sale of personal data.
Records of request and how they were responded to will be kept for 24 months
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
While Touch Dynamic does not have a presence in any European Union (EU) country, we do collect information from EU citizens on a limited basis. In keeping with GDPR compliance Touch Dynamic:
Employs Paul Galdames as their Data Protection Officer
Will notify all affected parties of a any breach of information within 72 hours of said breach via writing. A breach may include both a cyberattack and human error.
All affected parties will be notified of the following; approximate date and time of the brief, the categories of information and number of individuals affected, and a description of potential consequences of this breach. A corrective action plan will be documented and sent to all those effected via QFRM-0002 Technical Corrective Action Report
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (888) 508-6824 or Contact@touchdynamic.com
Go to Top
This site uses cookies to provide an improved digital experience. By continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Privacy InformationACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
At Touch Dynamic, we value and respect your privacy. Our website uses cookies to collect information to help enhance your experience and our products and services. Review Our Privacy Statement to learn more.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.