https://www.creditkarma.com/tax/programterms
CREDIT KARMA TAX PROGRAM TERMS
About Maximum Refund Guarantee
About Accurate Calculations Guarantee
About Audit Defense
About Maximum Refund Guarantee
If you receive a larger federal tax refund amount or owe less in federal taxes using the same Tax Return Information (as defined in the IRS Code Section 6103(b)(2)(A)) when filing an amended 2019 federal income tax return through another online tax preparation service, then you may be eligible to receive the difference in the refund or tax amount owed up to $100 (minimum $25) in the form of a gift card from Credit Karma Tax.
In order to quality for the Maximum Refund Guarantee from Credit Karma Tax:
You must have filed your original 2019 federal income tax return or an extension (and later filed your amended 2019 federal income tax return by the IRS deadline) through Credit Karma Tax on or before April 15, 2020 using forms that are supported by Credit Karma Tax;
You must have filed an amended 2019 federal income tax return with another online tax preparation service using the same Tax Return Information (as defined in the IRS Code Section 6103(b)(2)(A)) that you used when filing with Credit Karma Tax;
Your amended 2019 federal income tax return must have been accepted by the IRS and show that you have a larger federal tax refund amount or owe less in federal taxes;
You must submit your complete Maximum Refund Guarantee claim to Credit Karma Tax no later than December 15, 2020; and
The higher federal tax refund or lower federal tax liability cannot be attributed to: a. claims you make on your tax return(s) that are contrary to law and regulations;
b. your failure to file an amended return after we announce any updates or corrections to the Credit Karma Tax software;
c. your failure to correct and resolve errors identified by Credit Karma Tax prior to your submitting a claim under this Maximum Refund Guarantee;
d. your failure to provide all necessary information for Credit Karma Tax to assess your claim; and/or
e. any other reason outside the control of Credit Karma Tax.
When submitting your claim, you must include the following documents:
Credit Karma Tax Maximum Refund Guarantee Claim Form (all sections must be filled in);
Copy of your printed amended return (1040, 1040x and supporting schedules) from the other online tax preparation service; and
Copy of your Record of Account Transcript showing your amended return from the IRS.
All documentation listed above must be mailed in a complete package to the following mailing address:
Credit Karma Tax, Inc.
Max Refund Guarantee Claims
P.O. Box 49264
Charlotte, NC 28277-9264
We will review each claim package individually, and acceptance or denial of claims is within our sole discretion. Once we’ve completed a review of your claim, you will receive an email from our Member Support team with an acceptance or denial of your claim.
About Accurate Calculations Guarantee
Section 1.                 Under the Credit Karma Tax Accurate Calculations Guarantee (“Guarantee”), Credit Karma Tax, Inc. (“Credit Karma Tax”) shall reimburse you for the penalties and/or interest that you paid to the IRS and/or applicable state tax authority in the form of gift card(s) up to a maximum of one thousand dollars ($1,000) due to one or both of the following situations, and only if you meet the conditions in Section 2 below:
The penalties and/or interest paid by you and assessed against you by the IRS for a 2019 tax return due solely to a calculation error made by Credit Karma Tax, and not to an incorrect entry of data or any other reason; and/or
The penalties and/or interest paid by you and assessed against you by an applicable state tax authority for a 2019 tax return due solely to a calculation error made by Credit Karma Tax, and not to an incorrect entry of data or any other reason.
Section 2.                  Credit Karma Tax shall reimburse you for the penalties and/or interest described herein, if all of the following conditions are met:
You filed your original and amended (if applicable) 2019 federal and/or state tax return with Credit Karma Tax. The penalty and/ or interest does not apply to a form or calculation that Credit Karma Tax did not support at the time you filed your 2019 federal and/or state tax return(s) and the penalty and/or interest pertains only to your individual tax return and not a business return.
You paid the penalties and/or interest described above in Section 1 to the appropriate tax authority on time.
The penalties and/or interest are not due to:
an incorrect entry of data by you on your tax return(s);
claims or positions you make on your tax return(s) that are contrary to law;
your failure to file an amended return after we announce any updates or corrections to the Credit Karma Tax software;
your failure to correct and resolve errors identified by Credit Karma Tax;
your failure to provide all necessary information for Credit Karma Tax to assess your claim; and/or
any other reason outside the control of Credit Karma Tax.
The penalties and/or interest were for a return filed on or before the IRS tax filing deadline, or if the filing date is properly extended, a return filed on or before October 15, 2020. Any late filing or late payment penalties and/or interest from the IRS tax filing deadline to the date you actually file your return does not apply to this Accurate Calculations Guarantee.
You submitted a claim to Credit Karma Tax, Inc. Attn: Accurate Calculations Guarantee Claims, P.O. Box 49264, Charlotte, NC 28277-9264 within sixty (60) days, but no later than December 15, 2020, of receipt of the first notice (not subsequent notices) from the relevant tax authority regarding your 2019 tax return that you filed with Credit Karma Tax.
When you submitted your claim, you sent the following information to Credit Karma Tax at the above address:
Credit Karma Tax Accurate Calculations Guarantee Claim Form (all sections must be filled in);
Copy of the first penalty and/or interest assessment notice from the IRS and/or state tax authority;
Proof that you paid the penalty and/or interest; and
Any other relevant information Credit Karma Tax reasonably requests.
You took any action reasonably requested by Credit Karma Tax, including filing an amended tax return if necessary, to limit any further penalties and interest from accruing.
You have complied with all terms of this Guarantee, the Credit Karma Tax Terms of Use [creditkarma.com/tax/terms], and Credit Karma Tax Privacy Policy [creditkarma.com/tax/privacy].
In no event will Credit Karma Tax’s total, cumulative obligation to you under this Guarantee exceed one thousand dollar ($1,000) in the form of one or more gift cards, regardless of whether the tax returns are federal or state returns. THIS GUARANTEE IS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND CREDIT KARMA TAX’S ONLY OBLIGATION IN THE EVENT OF CALCULATION ERRORS IN YOUR 2019 TAX RETURN(S) CAUSED BY CREDIT KARMA TAX SOFTWARE.
About Audit Defense
We work with Tax Protection Plus, LLC (“Tax Protection Plus”) to provide free audit defense to our members for their 2019 federal and/or state tax Returns (as defined in the Membership Agreement between you and Tax Protection Plus) filed after January 1, 2020 through Credit Karma Tax and which are accepted by the relevant taxing authority.
If eligible, you will receive membership in the Protection Plus Audit Assistance Membership Program (this “Program”) provided by Tax Protection Plus. Your membership in this Program will be governed by the Agreement between you and Tax Protection Plus. You can see the full terms of that Agreement here.
Membership in this Program may include the following services:
Consultation regarding taxing authority correspondence from a specific Case Resolution Specialist (“CRS”) who is appropriately qualified or credentialed and who will be primarily responsible for your case.
Document review, collection, and organization from the CRS. If necessary to respond, the CRS will identify documents that need to be collected, assist with organization of the documentation, prepare a professional response portfolio, and review and discuss it with you before sending to the taxing authority.
Written correspondence with taxing authorities. If necessary, the CRS will draft letters and other written correspondence on your behalf, as needed, to respond to inquiries or demands from a taxing authority.
Conferences and Hearings with Taxing Authorities. The CRS will attend the conference or hearing on your behalf to act as your advocate before the taxing authority.
Assistance with tax debt resolution options, if applicable
Assistance with identity theft, if applicable
The following will not be included in this Program:
Pre-existing conditions: Tax Protection Plus will not provide services for any issues which the IRS or state taxing authority has identified to you in writing prior to the date your Return became eligible for services under this Program.
Non-resident Returns (form 1040NR or 1040NR-EZ).
Returns other than individual returns including, but not limited to, corporate, partnership, trust, estate, gift and employment returns.
Returns in which you had actual knowledge of additional taxes owed as of the date you enrolled in the Program.
Returns prepared with negligence, recklessness, intentional misrepresentation, or fraud.
Local, city, and county tax Returns.
Returns that have become subject to IRS or state criminal investigations.
Inquiries related to foreign income, flow-through entities (partnerships and S-corporations as reported on Schedule K-1), court awards and damages, bartering income, cancelled debt, estate and gift tax.
Inquiries related to the following credits: Foreign Tax Credit (Form 1116), Qualified Plug-In Electric Drive Motor Vehicle Credit (Form 8936), Residential Energy Efficient Property Credit (Form 5695), Mortgage Interest Credit (Form 8396), Credit to Holders of Tax Credit Bonds (Form 8912), Credit for Prior Year Minimum Tax (Form 8801), Credit for Excess Social Security Tax or Railroad Retirement Tax Withheld (Form 1040, Schedule 5, Line 72).
If eligible, Tax Protection Plus will provide you services starting on the date your applicable tax Return is accepted by the relevant taxing authority and ending on the date 1 year after (i) the relevant taxing authorities’ April filing deadline for that particular Return or (ii) the date you e-filed that particular Return, whichever is later.
Subject to the continued availability of this program through Credit Karma Tax, you can extend the initial 1 year Term of your Membership in this Program for a particular Return up to 3 years if you continue to file your taxes with Credit Karma Tax. For example, you can extend the audit defense on your applicable 2019 tax Return for another year if you file your 2020 tax Return(s) with Credit Karma Tax, and they are accepted by the relevant taxing authority. If you go on to file your 2021 tax Return(s) with Credit Karma Tax, and it is accepted by the relevant taxing authority, the audit defense on your 2019 Return(s) will be extended for 1 more year ( i.e., you would reach the maximum Term of 3 years for that particular 2019 Return).
If you have questions about your Membership in this Program, you can contact Tax Protection Plus at:
Tax Protection Plus
P.O. Box 24279 Winston Salem, NC 27114
claims@taxprotectionplus.com / Fax# 850-424-1192