http://www.mercurytide.com/privacy/
Go to contentPrivacy PolicyMercurytide Limited (Mercurytide) (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them.This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions document [https://www.Mercurytide.co.uk/terms/] and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679, the data controller is Mercurytide Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland (company number SC221523) and who can be contacted at the Head Office address 3 Queen Charlotte Lane, Leith, Edinburgh, EH6 6AY or by telephone on 0333 666 7007.Who are we?We are Mercurytide, we create online experiences, whether that be improving the performance of your website, providing GDPR compliance guidance, award-winning design or eye-catching marketing campaigns. We have helped hundreds of businesses to grow since 2001 and have won numerous awards for innovation and design.How do we collect information from you?You do not have to give us any personal information to make use of most of Our Site. However, to do any of the following things, you will need to provide us with personal information: fill in contact forms to enquire about our servicessign up to receive emails and updates via post or online, for example, newsletters, and/or promotional information (for more information see 'Your Rights' below)participate in social media functions which may be available on Our Siteparticipate in competitions, promotions or surveyscontact or correspond with us by phone, email or otherwise.What type of information is collected from you?The personal information we collect might include your name, company, email address, telephone number and invoicing address. All the personal information collected, are relevant and necessary for Mercurytide to perform our obligations thereon. How is your information used?We will use the information you give to us to:carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;process new and repeat orders;verify your identity and details of your payment method or credit card amount;provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.If you are an existing customer, we will contact you by electronic (e-mail or SMS) or postal means with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a prospective customer, you will only be marketed to, if you have explicitly agreed to it;Mercurytide maintains strict policies to avoid unsolicited correspondence. We may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about our site visitors' traffic patterns with partners or other parties, but we do not sell or share any information about individual users.We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us. You may request a copy of our retention policy using the postal address above or by emailing info@mercurytide.co.ukWe will retain the personal information we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. Mercurytide will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. While Mercurytide has implemented technical, physical and administrative security measures to help protect against the loss, theft, misuse and unauthorised access of your information that we collect from you, we cannot guarantee that you or a representative will in like manner follow the terms set forth within this privacy policy and can therefore not be held liable for your and/or your representatives actions.Email MarketingWhen you fill out a web-form to sign up to a newsletter, download a resource, such as a brochure, or enquire about a product or service, we may ask you to provide certain personal information, including your:nameemail addresstelephone number.By completing the form and ticking the relevant boxes you are providing your consent for Mercurytide to process your personal data, and this is the legal basis we are relying on to do so.We will use the information that you give us to send you relevant emails containing Mercurytide news & marketing communications. Your information will be stored on our servers which are located in the UK.In addition, if you have enquired about a product or service we will use the information you have given to update our customer relationship management system (Pipedrive – you can find their privacy policy here) so one of our consultants or advisors can contact you.We regularly review your interactions with the emails we send you and remove any subscribers who have shown an extended period of inactivity. You can withdraw your consent and unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom our email communications or by emailing this address.If you continue to interact with our emails or website, we will retain your data indefinitely, so we can continue to send you emails.CookiesMercurytide employs "cookies" to provide a better service to its users. We do not use cookies to store any personally identifying information from users except to identify a user who has chosen to log in to the site. We do not use cookies to track user activities beyond our web site. For example, we may use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better, more personalised service.It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.Please find our full cookie policy here.Computer profile informationWith regard to each of your visits to Our Site we will automatically collect the following information:technical information, including the display properties of your computer and the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internetinformation about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from Our Site (including date and time), pages you viewed and searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visit of certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, the content of any forms that you complete on our website and any phone number used to call our customer services number. Who has access to your information?We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, agents, sub-contractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process payments). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be assured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the Mercurytide Network for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes unless you have requested us to do so.We may transfer your personal information to a third party if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.Your rightsIn addition to the company's safeguards, your personal data is protected in the UK by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can find more information about your rights here. This states that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. We will endeavour to keep the information you provide up to date, where required, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It will be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people. If you have concerns about the processing of your personal data by Mercurytide, you may contact us at info@mercurytide.co.uk. If you find any inaccuracies with the personal data we retain, we will delete or correct them promptly.You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking the relevant boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise that right at any time by contacting us at info@mercurytide.co.uk. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Right to Access Your InformationThe General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides you with the right to access any information held about you. You can assert this right at any time. We will provide a copy of your information, free of charge. However, we do reserve the right to charge a ‘reasonable fee’ when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive. We also reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to comply with further copies of the same information. Any fee will be based on the administrative cost of providing the information. We will endeavour to supply this information without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt. If the request is complex or numerous we can extend this period by a further two months. You will be informed, if this is the case, within one month of the request with an explanation as to why it is necessary.16 or UnderWe are committed to protecting the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission before you provide us with any personal information.Transferring your information outside of EuropeAs part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy. If your data is transferred outside of the EU it will be done so to allow us to perform any contractual obligations that are required to provide the services, you have requested from us.If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your informationWhen you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information is encrypted and protected while in transit with 256-bit SSL encryption. When you are on a secure page, a padlock icon will appear on the address bar of web browsers such as Google Chrome.Our websites are scanned on a regular basis for known vulnerabilities including regular malware scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have authorised access to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. Mercurytide cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by e-mail, and you do so at your own risk. Additionally, while we have implemented security measures to help prevent any unauthorised access or disclosure of your information, we cannot assure or guarantee that the information we collect will never be accessed by unauthorised individuals or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy.All financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone and we also recommend you change your password regularly.Security breach notificationMercurytide shall give notice when a user’s information was, or it is reasonably believed to have been, inappropriately accessed as a result of a security breach. Said notice shall be made immediately upon confirmed discovery of the breach (including fulfilling our obligation under the GDPR to notify the ICO within 72 hours) and the time necessary such as to allow Mercurytide to determine the scope of the breach, to identify organisations and individuals affected by the breach, and to restore reasonable integrity of the data system that was breached.Policy changesAny changes to this policy will be posted here. Please check back frequently for any updates or changes to this privacy policy. This policy was last updated in April 2018.For whatever reason, should you wish to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s office, as is your right, you can do by contacting the ICO directly via one of the options on their website https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/If you have any further queries or comments on our Privacy Policy, please send us an email to info@mercurytide.co.uk or write to us at Mercurytide Limited, 3 Queen Charlotte Lane, Leith, Edinburgh, EH6 6AY. Any such queries will be passed onto Tamlin Roberts, our Managing Director. We always welcome your views about our website and our Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience.
By continuing to use this site, you consent to this.
More info