https://www.wearediagram.com/privacy-policy
down-arrow
application-development
hosting
integrations
halfdiamond
diagramMask
break-up-bottom
break-up-top
icon-challenge
icon-solution
icon-arrow-decrease
icon-arrow-increase
icon-arrow-left
icon-arrow-right
icon-arrow-left-narrow
icon-arrow-right-narrow
icon-change-decrease
icon-change-increase
icon-diagram-star
diagram-star-extended
diagram-process
icon-facebook
icon-linkedin
icon-twitter
icon-website
icon-instagram
Work
Solutions
About
Careers
Blog
Work
Solutions
CMS Development
Digital Marketing
Web Design/UX
About
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Diagram is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.  As such, we have drafted this privacy policy to inform you of your rights as a user of this website. This privacy policy applies to all Diagram web properties.  This does not apply to information collected offline or through other third party online systems used by Diagram.
What information do we collect?
Personally Identifiable Information:
Diagram collects personal information voluntarily submitted by means of form submissions for blog subscriptions, downloadable content, event registrations, surveys, and requests for information.  This primarily includes full name, email address, company name, and phone number. You are given the option at the time of submission to "opt in" to receive further information from us. If you choose not to opt in, we will not store your information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
Diagram also collects non-personally identifiable information for each user session including browser type, operating system, referring website, IP address and other technical variables that are provided to analytics services such as Google Analytics and HubSpot.
Why do we collect this information?
Diagram collects this information for the purpose of better engaging with current and potential clients. By understanding who is using our site, we are able to optimize our website and customize the user session to offer more relevant content and a personalized experience.  If you voluntarily submit personal contact information (name, email address, phone number, etc.) we use this information to respond to your inquiries, provide information about our services, and to possibly engage you for future business opportunities.
How long is this information stored?
Personally identifiable information collected by Diagram is stored as long as there is a legitimate and essential business purpose, such as providing you with requested information and updates, or until a deletion or "opt out" request is made by you.  Diagram will make every effort to permanently delete user data within 30 days of a request being made.
Do we share personal information?
All personally identifiable data collected by Diagram is maintained in our private, secure systems and not shared or sold to any third parties. Diagram does reserve the right to disclose personal information as directed by law enforcement and/or court order.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes, cookies are used to help us identify returning visitors to track site usage and provide a more personalized experience. Anyone who wishes to not have cookies placed on their computer should disable cookies in their browser preferences.
Who owns this data?
Any personally identifiable information you provide to Diagram is owned by you.  Your rights, as a user of this website, include the following:
The right to be informed (of the data we collect and store about you).
The right of access (to all of the data we store about you)
The right to rectification (to update any of your personal information that is inaccurate or incomplete)
The right to erasure (to permanently delete your information upon request)
The right to restrict (to temporarily or permanently stop any processing of your data)
The right to data portability (to transmit your data to you or to the party of your choosing)
The right to object (to processing your data related to your personal situation or for marketing purposes)
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling (to not be subject to decisions based solely on automated decision making)
Your consent
By using this website, you consent to this privacy policy.
Questions, complaints or requests?
Please email us at info@wearediagram.com for all inquiries.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 18, 2018.  This date will be updated anytime a change to the policy is made.