http://www.acelogix.com/docs/termsofuse
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Ace Utilities
System TuneUp
Registry TuneUp
Registry Finder
Freeware
Download
Ace Utilities
System TuneUp
Registry TuneUp
Registry Finder
Order
Ace Utilities
System TuneUp
Registry TuneUp
Registry Finder
Support
Forum
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
Acceptance of terms
The services that Acelogix Software provides to you are subject to the following Terms of Use
("TOU"). Acelogix Software reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without informing
you.
Description of services
Acelogix Software provides you with access to a variety of resources, including download areas,
discussion forums and product information. The Services, including any updates, enhancements,
new features, and/or the addition of any new Web properties, are subject to the TOU.
Personal and non-commercial use limitation
Unless otherwise specified, the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use. You may
not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create
derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services
obtained from the Services.
Privacy and protection of personal information
See the 'Privacy Policy' page to make yourself familiar with the processes related to the
gathering and use of your information. Notice specific to software available on this web site
Any software that is made available to download from our website is the copyrighted work of
Acelogix Software and/or its suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end
user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License
Agreement"). An end user will be unable to install any Software that is accompanied by or
includes a License Agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the License Agreement terms.
The Software is made available for download solely for use by end users according to the
License Agreement. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with
the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and
criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
Without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of the software to any other server or
location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited, unless such
reproduction or redistribution is expressly permitted by the license agreement accompanying
such software.
The software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the license
agreement. Except as warranted in the license agreement, Acelogix Software hereby disclaims all
warranties and conditions with regard to the software, including all warranties and conditions
of merchantability, whether express, implied or statutory, fitness for a particular purpose,
title and non-infringement.
For your convenience, Acelogix Software may make available as part of the services or in
its software products, tools and utilities for use and/or download. Acelogix Software does not
make any assurances with regard to the accuracy of the results or output that derives from such
use of any such tools and utilities. Please respect the intellectual property rights of others
when using the tools and utilities made available on the services or in Acelogix Software
software products.
Notice specific to documents available on this web site
Permission to use Documents (such as white papers, press releases, datasheets and FAQs) from
the Services is granted, provided that (1) the below copyright notice appears in all copies and
that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear, (2) use of such Documents
from the Services is for informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be
copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of
any Documents are made. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
Documents specified above do not include the design or layout of the Acelogix Software Web site
or any other Acelogix Software owned, operated, licensed or controlled site. Elements of
Acelogix Software Web sites are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and
other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic, sound or
image from any Acelogix Software Web site may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly
permitted by Acelogix Software.
Acelogix Software and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability
of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published as part of the
services for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind. Acelogix Software and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all
warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all warranties and
conditions of merchantability, whether express, implied or statutory, fitness for a particular
purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Acelogix Software and/or its respective
suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract,
negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or
performance of information available from the services.
The documents and related graphics published on the services could include technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein.
Acelogix Software and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the
product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time.
Notices regarding software, documents and services available on this web site
In no event shall acelogix sofware and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special,
indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or
profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of
or in connection with the use or performance of software, documents, provision of or failure to
provide services, or information available from the services.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that
is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Services
in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Acelogix Software server,
or the network(s) connected to any Acelogix Software, or interfere with any other party's use
and enjoyment of any Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Services,
other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Acelogix Software server or to
any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or
attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made
available through the Services.
Use of services
The Services may contain e-mail services, bulletin board services, chat areas, forums, personal
web pages, file cabinets and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable
you to communicate with others. You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send
and receive messages and material that are proper and, when applicable, related to the
particular Communication Service. You agree that when using the Communication Services, you
will not:
Use the Communication Services in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes,
chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or
otherwise).
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as
rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory,
obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload, or otherwise make available, files that contain images, photographs, software or
other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not
as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless you
own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same.
Use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made
available through the Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent,
trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party.
Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots,
corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of
another's computer or property of another.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless
such Communication Services specifically allows such messages.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or
reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or
distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions,
legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source
of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any
particular Communication Service.
Collect information about others, including e-mail addresses.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.
Use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or
entity any directory of users of the Services or other user or usage information or any
portion thereof.
Acelogix Software has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However,
Acelogix Software reserves the right to review materials posted to the Communication Services
and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Acelogix Software reserves the right to
terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time, without notice,
for any reason whatsoever.
Acelogix Software reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Acelogix
Software deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in
whole or in part, in Acelogix Software's sole discretion. Always use caution when giving out
any personally identifiable information about yourself or your children in any Communication
Services. Acelogix Software does not control or endorse the content, messages or information
found in any Communication Services and, therefore, Acelogix Software specifically disclaims
any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your
participation in any Communication Services. Managers and hosts are not authorized Acelogix
Software spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Acelogix Software.
Materials uploaded to the Communication Services may be subject to posted limitations on usage,
reproduction and/or dissemination; you are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you
download the materials.
Materials provided to Acelogix Software or posted at any Acelogix Software website
Acelogix Software does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Acelogix Software
(including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Services or its
associated services for review by the general public, or by the members of any public or
private community, (each a "Submission" and collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting,
uploading, inputting, providing or submitting ("Posting") your Submission you are granting
Acelogix Software, its affiliated companies and necessary sub licensees permission to use your
Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses (including, without
limitation, all Acelogix Software Services), including, without limitation, the license rights
to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate
and reformat your Submission; to publish your name in connection with your Submission; and the
right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein.
Acelogix Software is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and
Acelogix Software may remove any Submission at any time in its sole discretion.
By Posting a Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the
rights to your Submission as described in these Terms of Use including, without limitation, all
the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
In addition to the warranty and representation set forth above, by Posting a Submission that
contain images, photographs, pictures or that are otherwise graphical in whole or in part
("Images"), you warrant and represent that (a) you are the copyright owner of such Images, or
that the copyright owner of such Images has granted you permission to use such Images or any
content and/or images contained in such Images consistent with the manner and purpose of your
use and as otherwise permitted by these Terms of Use and the Services, (b) you have the rights
necessary to grant the licenses and sublicenses described in these Terms of Use, and (c) that
each person depicted in such Images, if any, has provided consent to the use of the Images as
set forth in these Terms of Use, including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, the
distribution, public display and reproduction of such Images. By Posting Images, you are
granting (a) to all members of your private community (for each such Images available to
members of such private community), and/or (b) to the general public (for each such Images
available anywhere on the Services, other than a private community), permission to use your
Images in connection with the use, as permitted by these Terms of Use, of any of the Services,
(including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, making prints and gift items which
include such Images), and including, without limitation, a non-exclusive, world-wide,
royalty-free license to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform,
reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Images without having your name attached to such
Images, and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services. The licenses
granted in the preceding sentences for a Images will terminate at the time you completely
remove such Images from the Services, provided that, such termination shall not affect any
licenses granted in connection with such Images prior to the time you completely remove such
Images. No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Images.
Links to third party sites
The links in this area will let you leave Acelogix Software. The linked sites are not under the
control of Acelogix Software and Acelogix Software is not responsible for the contents of any
linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.
IAcelogix Software is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received
from any linked site. Acelogix Software is providing these links to you only as a convenience,
and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Acelogix Software of the site.
Copyright notice
Copyright © 2015 Acelogix Software. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
Ace Utilities, System TuneUp, Registry TuneUp, Registry Finder, Fast Internet, Startup Guard,
and/or other Acelogix Software products referenced herein are either registered trademarks or
trademarks of Acelogix Software. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein
may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved
Site
News
Downloads
Order
Release Notes - Ace Utilities
Release Notes - System TuneUp
Products
Ace Utilities
System TuneUp
Registry Finder
RegBak
Registry Compactor
Renew & Update
Renew Ace Utilities
Renew System TuneUp
Update Ace Utilities
Update System TuneUp
Help & Support
Contact Us
Forum
FAQ
© 2002-2019 Acelogix Software. | All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of
Service