http://www.rsoftr.com/privacy.php
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Version 06/09/2017
Modified September 06, 2017
RsoftR.com is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful
and enjoyable Web experience possible.
How we protect your personal information
All personal data you enter on RsoftR.com is protected by the same security software
we use to guard all of our company's essential business data.
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your
computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to
store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break'
certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies please visit an information website
like allaboutcookies.org.
How we use "cookies"
As you probably know, "cookies" are small pieces of information that some Web sites store on your
computer's hard drive when you visit them. RsoftR.com use "cookies" solely
for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for
disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to
provide a service that you use.
What we provide to third parties
RsoftR.com does not provide any third-party access to your personal
information.
The Cookies We Set
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for
how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information
can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
RsoftR.com uses cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party
cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping
us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how
long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies: How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can
improve the site for you.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).
Microsoft Windows Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site.
Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
Online Purchase
We provide a very secure way to buy our product. Our e-Commerce provider is Share-It! and accepts all kinds of payment methods like credit cards, checks, bank-wire transfers, phone and fax.
That information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. To learn more about SSL,
follow this link http://www.ssl.com/.
They supply you with a receipt/invoice upon purchasing.
For more information please visit: Share-It! Customer Care Center.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether
you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Back