http://www.youtext.com/privacy-policy.php
grep -r --include "*.log" "Christopher" .
TEXT, SEXT, FLIRT & HOOKUP
Home
Hot or Not
Advanced Search
Success Stories
Faq
About Us
Contact
Signup
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to www.textdating.ca owned and operated by Wicked Media.
This privacy policy describes how Wicked Media collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site: www.textdating.ca.
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this
statement, feel free to contact us by using the CONTACT form.
What Information do we collect from you
Log Files. Any time you visit any of our websites, our
servers automatically gather information from your browser (such as your IP addresses,
browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type,
date/time stamp, and number of clicks) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent
fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. For example, we may log your IP address for system
administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This
gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not share the log
files externally. We do not link log file information to any profile.
Cookies. and Other Tracking Technologies. Technologies such as: cookies,
beacons, tags and scripts are used by Wicked Media and our partners (marketing partners,
affiliates, analytics).
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users movements around
the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based
on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies for to remember users settings (e.g. language preference) and for authentication.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site,
but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display
advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML 5 to collect and store information.
Behavioral Targeting/ Re-targeting
We partner with a third party ad network to either
display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad
network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable
information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted
advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used
for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking
Here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will
continue to receive generic ads.
Information about You. When you get in contact with one
of the profiles listed on our website, we collect your mobile number to establish a
mobile connection between yourself and the person you're interested in. This phone
number will be held strictly confidential, neither do we share your profile with any
other company.
When you sign up for an account with us, we will collect your chosen username, email address,
date of birth, postal code and gender. We will use this information in order to create your
profile and administer your account. When you choose to buy credits we need to collect your
payment information (such as your credit card information) in order to fulfill your order so
you can take advantage of our services.
Disclosure of Your Information to Third
Parties
Disclosure By Law. You acknowledge and agree that we
may disclose information you provide if required or permitted to do so by law, at
the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that
disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law
enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by
applicable law); (2) protect or defend Canada-singles, or a third party’s,
rights; or (3) protect someone’s life, health or safety, such as when harm or
violence against any person (including the user) is
threatened.
Disclosure to Protect Abuse Victims. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this privacy statement or our Terms and Conditions of
Service, we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information
that you submit to the Services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason
to suspect, that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in
any form. Abuse may include, without limitation, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal
abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Information may be disclosed to authorities
that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure.
Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies,
child protection agencies, or court officials. You hereby acknowledge and agree
that we are permitted to make such disclosure.
Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties By Us.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that
are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may share your information with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal
your identity. We may share your profile, sometimes in conjunction with your
non-profile, with service providers that may be associated with us (including our
affiliates) to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer
care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform
services for you on our behalf. Your information will be treated as private and
confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we
authorize. In addition, with our users’ consent, from time to time we may
share profile (such as e-mail or mailing address) about our user base with
carefully selected third parties, so they can offer goods and services that we
believe may be of interest to our users. If you do not wish to continue to receive
offers from our trusted business associates, you can change your e-mail preferences
at any time by following the steps outlined in the “Choice/Opt-Out”
section below.
Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties at Your Request.
When purchasing an Canada-singles subscription or while visiting our site, unless
you opt-out we may provide you with advertisements, promotions, sweepstakes and
offers from third party providers of products and services. If you choose to accept
any such offers, you may either (depending on the situation) directly provide your
information in connection with the offer to such third party provider, or with your
consent we will provide your information, including billing information, to the
third party provider by pre-populating the offer registration forms. Your
information will not be transferred until you actually accept the offer. You may
opt-out of the offer at any time up until this point. Please refer to the third
party provider’s own privacy policy (provided on the offer pages) if you have
any questions regarding how your information is used by such providers. Please be
aware that these offers may be presented on pages framed by an Canada-singles
website. We do this to provide a seamless experience. Although these offer pages
have the look and feel of our websites, you will be submitting your information
directly to the third-party advertiser. You agree that we will not be responsible
or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such
dealings, including the sharing of the information you supply to us with third
party providers described here, or as the result of the presence of such providers
on an canada-singles site.
Information Transferred As a Result of Sale of
Business. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on
the transaction, your profile may be one of the transferred assets. We reserve the
right to disclose and/or transfer profile and non-profile to a third party in the
event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization,
foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of
acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of
our company or of any of the business or assets or shares of our company or a
division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and
services from the third party. If this occurs, you will be notified via email
and/or a prominent notice on our Web site if there are any material changes to the
way your profile and/or non-profile is collected or used.
Age Restrictions Our age restrictions for different
services are set forth in each applicable Terms and Conditions of Service. We do
not target our sites or services to anyone under the age of majority in their home
jurisdiction, and any information we may receive from users we believe to be under
the age of majority will be purged from our database.
Opt Out In order to remove your profile from our
database, simply contact us through the contact form and we'll remove all your
profile within 48 hours.
User Access and Choice
If your personally identifiable information changes,
or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove,
ask to have it removed from a public forum, directory or testimonial on our site or
deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our
Customer Support using the CONTACT
form or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to
your request to access within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your
account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your
information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
enforce our agreements.
Additional Information
Security
The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us. We
follow generally accepted standards to protect the personally identifiable
information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms,
we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute
security.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to
other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your
name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us by using
the CONTACT form.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from
those of Wicked Media. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of
those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage
you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you
visit.
Public Member Directory
We will list you in our publicly accessible member directory. If you wish to
request removal of your information from our directory, you can contact us by using
the CONTACT form.
Public Profiles
The profile you create on our site will be publically accessible unless otherwise
indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account
portal. If you wish to deactivate your profile or request to remove unauthorized profile,
please contact us by using the CONTACT form.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and
Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our
site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on
our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social
Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on
our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy
of the company providing it.
Acceptance of Privacy Statement
Your use of our website(s), including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement and the applicable Terms and Conditions of Service.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement page and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as e-mail, at our discretion prior to the change becoming effective.
Your continued use of any portion of our website following posting of the updated privacy statement will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Contact Us
WICKED MEDIA N.V.
Kaya Richard J. Beaujon z/n
Willemstad Curaçao
Effective Date: 20th of October 2014
Dating Tips | Singles In Canada | Christian Singles | About Mobile Dating In Canada | Dating In Canada | Benefits Of Mobile Dating
Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions.Copyright 2020 YouText.Com All Rights Reserved.