http://www.imprint-e.com/shipping-rates-and-terms/
(855) 745-4464
customer_service@imprint-e.com
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Shipping / Terms
» Download terms and conditions
Tracking Packages
Tracking numbers are emailed to the address you entered when you placed your order as soon as the package leaves our warehouse. Please contact us if you have not recieved your tracking information within 24 hours of your order.
U.S. Shipping Rates and Times
Standard Shipping orders placed by 4:00 p.m. CT ship the same day*
Priority Shipping orders placed by 6:00 p.m. CT ship the same day*
*Certain products are not available for same day shipping. Orders placed after the specified times will be processed the following business day.
Shipping rates can be calculated on the first page of the checkout process.
FPOs, APOs
For FPO and APO addresses, we ship packages insured via the US Postal Service. For shipments to these locations, please allow approximately one week for delivery.
PO Boxes
Orders cannot be shipped to PO boxes, due to UPS and Federal Express restrictions.
International Shipping
Imprint Enterprises ships to customers all over the world. Please contact us if you would like a shipping quote or have any questions.
Address Verification/Alternate Shipping Address
Address verification is a precautionary measure we take to ensure your safety and prevent fraud. Phone and online shopping does not allow us to request traditional forms of identification, e.g. a driver’s license, like a standard walk-in retail outlet. Instead we conduct address verification though your credit/debit card issuer to confirm your identity and verify the validity of your purchase, thereby ultimately protecting your credit.
Both your billing and shipping addresses are verified before an order ships. If you would like to ship to an address other than your billing address, it is best to contact your card issuing bank and have your shipping address added as an alternate shipping address to your card. Simply let the card issuer know that you are placing a phone/online order and the retailer needs to verify the address before shipment to eliminate the possibility of fraudulent activity.
Orders with the same billing and shipping address or an alternate shipping address recognized by the card issuer will ship the quickest.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and the use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Imprint Enterprises. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Imprint Enterprises. Copyright 2008, Imprint Enterprises, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Imprint Enterprises or purchasing Imprint Enterprises products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Imprint Enterprises or to purchase Imprint Enterprises. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Imprint Enterprises. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Imprint Enterprises disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Imprint Enterprises does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Imprint Enterprises does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Imprint Enterprises shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Imprint Enterprises has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that an Imprint Enterprises product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price Imprint Enterprises reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Imprint Enterprises reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Imprint Enterprises shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Imprint Enterprises without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Imprint Enterprises may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to us.
Miscellaneous
You’re use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Illinois, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Imprint Enterprises products) shall be in the state courts located in the county of Imprint Enterprises then current principal place of business or, if applicable, the Federal courts located in Chicago, Illinois. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Imprint Enterprises products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Imprint Enterprise’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Imprint Enterprises may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an Imprint Enterprises or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Imprint Enterprises does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Imprint Enterprises is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Imprint Enterprises reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Imprint Enterprises in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Imprint Enterprises, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Imprint Enterprises may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Imprint Enterprises, Imprint Enterprises has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Imprint Enterprises. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Imprint Enterprises seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Return Policy
To qualify for return, the following conditions must be met: 1. For all returns for credit, Imprint Enterprises must receive all merchandise within 30 days of purchase. Merchandise returned after 30 days from the date of original invoice will be treated as a return for repair or exchange and no credit will be issued. 2. All packages must be sent to Imprint Enterprises in a double boxed via prepaid freight with a copy of the invoice. 3. All merchandise must be received in its original packaging in re-saleable condition and include all parts, accessories and/or manuals. 4. Merchandise returned which is tested functional and without defect will be subject to a processing fee of up-to 15% of the product price. 5. Shipping costs will not be reimbursed.
Give us a call at (855) 745-4464 or send us a message
Name:
* Email:
*How Can We Help You Today? MessageSubmit
×