http://www.zenutech.com/privacy/
Zenutech
Professional web hosting. Personal Support.
toll-free 1.866.936.8832
Web Hosting
Linux Web Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Server Co-Location
Pre-sales FAQs
Top 10 Reasons
Domains
Register a domain
Transfer a domain
Domain FAQs
E-Commerce
E-Commerce Ready Hosting
Shopping Carts
SSL Certificates
Merchant Accounts
Company
Green Web Hosting
Contact Us
Support
Knowledge Base
Request Support
Home
Client Login
Contact
Home ª
Privacy Policy
We are commitment to your privacy and online security.
Because Zenutech wants to demonstrate its commitment to its users privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices about the following:
Services affected by this Privacy Policy
What personally identifiable information Zenutech collects.
How Zenutech uses the information.
With whom Zenutech may share user information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Zenutech control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Zenutech's Support Team by support@zenutech.com .
Services affected by this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies for Zenutech's shared linux hosting services, shared windows hosting services, all virtual private server services, dedicated server and colocation services, software and consulting services.
This privacy policy does not apply for domain name registration services. Most registrar require us to disclose your personal information in order to register a domain name. For example, CIRA (for registering .ca domains) require that your personal information be submitted to them.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
Zenutech's website and its staff collect personal information in a number of circumstances in the course of providing web hosting services to customers. The personal information collected may include:
Contact Information: Name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, fascimile numbers and other contact information;
Financial Information: Credit card information, bank name, billing address, transaction and purchase history with Zenutech;
Usage Information and History: Zenutech usernames and passwords, ip address, sales and support history with Zenutech, visit history to zenutech.com and related websites;
Other information we may collect with consent or as permitted or required by law. Such other information collected and not clearly stated above, has been willfully disclosed by the client, for the benefit of the client during a sales, support or billing transaction.
Information Use
Zenutech may use the information collected in a number of ways:
For billing purposes, including managing, administering, collecting or otherwise enforcing accounts;
For general administrative purposes and to ensure compliance with legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements;
For customer relations purposes, we may contact customers to ensure their satisfaction with our services.
Sharing of Information
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
We will never sell, rent, lease, trade, give away or loan your personal information
Zenutech agrees to: (1) hold all Personal Information disclosed to it by all clients in strict confidence and not disclose such Personal Information to third parties; (2) take all reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of and avoid disclosure or use of Personal Information in order to prevent it from falling into the public domain or the possession of persons other than those persons authorized to any such information.
Personal Data Transmissions Are Encrypted
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users√≠ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When you order online from Zenutech, all your personal information is protected. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry standard, for encrypting all personal information, including name, address and credit card numbers during the ordering process. Our staff also accesses your information with the same level of encryption to ensure that your information is transmitted securely between our staff's computers and the servers.
Other Secure Procedures
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users√≠ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked cage, in a locked facility.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to support@zenutech.com
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If a user√≠s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), we provide a way to correct users√≠ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at support@zenutech.com.
Or, contact us by telephone at the contact information listed below.
Privacy Policy Changes
Zenutech reserves the right to change its policy at any time to meet the needs of our customers, changing laws and new technologies. Should the change be significant, we will email all clients to inform them of such a change.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone
(866) 936-8832
Fax
(866) 936-8832
Email
support@zenutech.com
Postal Address
PO Box 1551Station AFredericton, NBCanada † E3B 5G2
URL
http://www.zenutech.com/support/
Home
Support
Contact
Linux Web Hosting
Domains
E-Commerce
Company
Dedicated Servers
Server Colocation
Top 10 Reasons Why
Order Form
Client Login
1-866-936-8832 / Toll-Free 24x7
sales@zenutech.ca
support@zenutech.ca
PO Box 1551, Station A, Fredericton, NB, Canada E3B 5G2
Follow us on Twitter (@zenutech)
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
zenutech.com
zenutech.ca
frederictonwebhosting.com
Copyright © 2002-2020 Zenutech Inc. All rights reserved.