http://www.coremedia.com/en/privacy
de
en
Privacy Policy
Last updated 25 March 2019
Table of contents
1. Name and address of the Data Controller
2. Name and address of the Data Protection Officer
3. General information on data processing
4. Provision of the website and creation of log files
5. Use of Cookies
6. Newsletter
7. Registration
8. Contact forms and contact via e-mail
9. Blog
10. Job Application Process
11. Webanalytics by Google Analytics
12. Chatbot
Appendix 1. Rights of the Data Subject
Appendix 2. My 3rd Party Content Embedding Preferences
> Back to top
1. NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE DATA CONTROLLER
The data controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
CoreMedia GmbH
Ludwig Erhard Straße 18
20459 Hamburg, Germany
Germany
Phone +49 40 325 587 0
E-mail: info@coremedia.com
Websites: www.coremedia.com, www.coremedia.de, blog.coremedia.com
> Back to top
2. NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
The data protection officer of the data controller is:
Datenschutzbeauftragter der CoreMedia GmbH
c/o activeMind AG Management- und Technologieberatung
Potsdamer Straße 3
80802 München
E-mail: datenschutz@coremedia.com
www.activemind.de
> Back to top
3. GENERAL INFORMATION ON DATA PROCESSING
3.1 Scope of processing of personal data
We only process personal data of our users if this is necessary to provide a functional website as well as our contents and services. The processing of personal data of our users takes place regularly only after consent of the user. An exception applies in those cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for real reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by law. For data processing we also work together with external service providers with whom we have concluded corresponding data processing addendum contracts.
3.2 Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a EU Data Protection Ordinance (GDPR) serves as the legal basis.
In the processing of personal data required for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures.
Insofar as the processing of personal data is required to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis.
In the event that the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Article 6(1)(d) GDPR serves as the legal basis.
If processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the first-mentioned interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.
3.3 Data erasure and storage duration
The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Furthermore, personal data may be stored if this has been provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which the data controller is subject. The personal data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfilment of a contract.
> Back to top
4. PROVIDING THE WEBSITE AND CREATING LOGFILES
4.1 Description and scope of data processing
Every time you visit our website, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data is collected:
Information about the browser type and version used
The user's operating system
The user's Internet service provider
The IP address of the user
Date and time of access
Websites from which the user's system reaches our website
Websites accessed by the user's system through our website
The data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
4.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
4.3 Purpose of data processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to the user's computer. For this the IP address of the user must remain stored for the duration of the session.
The data is stored in log files to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data serves us to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
Our legitimate interest in data processing pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR also lies in these purposes.
4.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.
If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Further storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.
4.5 Possibility of objection and removal
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is absolutely necessary for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility of objection on the part of the user.
> Back to top
5. USE OF COOKIES
5.1 Description and scope of data processing
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user's computer system. If a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic character string that enables a unique identification of the browser when the website is called up again.
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change.
The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
Log-in information
We also use cookies on our website which enable an analysis of the user's surfing behaviour.
In this way, the following data can be transmitted:
Frequency of page views
Use of website functions
The personal data collected in this way is pseudonymised by technical precautions. Therefore, it is no longer possible to assign the data to the user. The data will not be stored together with other personal data of the users.
When you visit our website, an information banner informs you about the use of cookies for analytical purposes and refers you to this data protection statement.
You can access the Cookie banner at any time to change your preferences.
5.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR unless you have given us consent via our Cookie Manager tool, in which case the basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit a. for the selected cookie categories.
5.3 Purpose of data processing
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For this it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change.
We need cookies for the following applications:
Log-in to the support area and help center
Log-in to the newsletter and communications preference area
Sending forms
The user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles.
5.4 Declaration of Cookies in use
5.5 Duration of storage, possibility of objection and removal
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website in full.
> Back to top
6. NEWSLETTER
6.1 Description and scope of data processing
You can subscribe to various free newsletters on our website. When registering for the newsletter, the personal data from the registration form is transmitted to us.
For this purpose, we collect personal data:
your email address
your name, and
optionally your telephone number
optionally your company name.
In addition, the following data is collected upon registration:
IP address of the calling computer
Date and time of registration
In the course of the registration process, your consent is obtained for the processing of the data and reference is made to this privacy policy.
In connection with data processing for the dispatch of newsletters, no personal data is passed on to third parties. The personal data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
6.2 Purpose of data processing
The collection of the user's e-mail address serves to send the newsletter.
The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the e-mail address used.
6.3 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. The e-mail address and the name of the user will therefore be stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active.
The other personal data collected during the registration process will generally be deleted after a period of seven days.
6.4 Possibility of objection and removal
The subscription to the newsletter can be cancelled by the user concerned at any time. For this purpose there is a corresponding link in every newsletter.
This also makes it possible to revoke the consent to the storage of personal data collected during the registration process.
> Back to top
7. REGISTRATION
7.1 Description and scope of data processing
On our website, we offer users the opportunity to register by providing personal data - for training courses or for the use of our support services, among other things. The personal data is entered into a registration form and transmitted to us and saved. The personal data will not be passed on to third parties.
The following personal data is collected during the registration process:
First name,
Last name
E-mail
Company name
Address
Telephone number
Country
Comments/message
At the time of registration, the following data is also stored:
The IP address of the user
Date and time of registration
In the course of the registration process, the user's consent to the processing of this personal data is obtained.
7.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR if the user has given his consent.
If registration serves the fulfilment of a contract to which the user is a party or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, the additional legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
7.3 Purpose of data processing
A registration of the user is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract with the user or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
We need your personal data in order to register for and conduct our training events and to participate in our events.
Access to our support pages is only possible for existing customers and partners. To check your access authorization based on your contract with us, we require registration and activation based on your personal data.
7.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected.
This is the case for the data collected during the registration process if the registration on our website is cancelled or changed.
This is the case for those during the registration process to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures when the data is no longer required for the execution of the contract. Even after conclusion of the contract, it may still be necessary to store personal data of the contractual partner in order to fulfil contractual or legal obligations.
7.5 Possibility of objection and removal
As a user you have the possibility to cancel the registration at any time. You can change the data stored about you at any time.
To do so, you can contact us by e-mail at info@coremedia.com
You can also manage your communication preferences and newsletter subscriptions independently on our website: https://www.coremedia.com/en/newsletter
If the data is required to fulfil a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible insofar as there are no contractual or statutory obligations to the contrary.
> Back to top
8. CONTACT FORM AND E-MAIL CONTACT
8.1 Description and scope of data processing
There is a contact form on our website which can be used for electronic contact. If a user takes advantage of this possibility, the data entered in the input form will be transmitted to us and stored. This data is:
Name
E-mail address
Comment (if applicable)
At the time the message is sent, the following data is also stored:
The IP address of the user
Date and time of registration
Your consent is obtained for the processing of the data within the scope of the sending process and reference is made to this data protection declaration.
Alternatively, you can contact us via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored. The data will be sent unencrypted.
In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If the e-mail contact aims at the conclusion of a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 exp. 1 lit. b GDPR.
8.2 Purpose of data processing
The processing of the personal data from the contact form serves us only for the treatment of the establishment of contact. In the event of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
8.3 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data from the contact form and those that were sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user is finished. The conversation is terminated when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the facts in question have been finally clarified.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
8.4 Possibility of objection and removal
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
To do so, you can contact us by e-mail at info@coremedia.com
All personal data stored in the course of contacting us will be deleted in this case.
You can also manage your communication preferences and newsletter subscriptions independently on our website: https://www.coremedia.com/en/preference-center
> Back to top
9. BLOG
9.1 Description and scope of data processing
You can write comments on our blog. If a user takes advantage of this possibility, the data entered in the comment form will be transmitted to us and stored. This data is:
name
email
URL of your website (optional)
comment text
At the time the message is sent, the following data is also stored:
The IP address of the user
Date and time the comment was submitted
Your consent is obtained for the processing of the data within the scope of the sending process and reference is made to this data protection declaration.
In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for the processing and display of comments.
9.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR if the user has given his consent.
9.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of personal data from the contact form serves us for display purposes on the Blog and if necessary for establishment of contact.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the comment form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
9.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data from the comment form, this is the case when the blog post is deleted.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
9.5 Possibility of objection and removal
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time.
To do so, you can contact us by e-mail at info@coremedia.com
All personal data stored in the course of commenting will be deleted in this case.
> Back to top
10. Job Application Process
10.1. Description and scope of data processing
What information does CoreMedia collect when you apply for one of our advertised job vacancies?
You can apply via email for specific job vacancies advertised on the www.coremedia.com website or you can send us an unsolicited application. In this context, we collect all data that you make available to us in your job application. These include, without being limited to, the following:
First name and surname
Address
Email address
Phone number
Date of birth, if applicable
Nationality
Salary requirements
Desired starting date
as well as attachments included with your application such as certificates, CVs and photos, if applicable
10.2. Legal basis for data processing
If the data subject has given us consent to the processing of his or her personal data, point (a) of Article 6 (1) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the legal basis.
If the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or in order to enter into a contract, point (b) of Article 6 (1) GDPR is the legal basis for the processing.
If the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, point (f) of Article 6 (1) GDPR is the legal basis.
10.3. Purpose of data processing
We process personal data concerning you for the purpose of reviewing your application and in order to look into or set up employment for you in our company. (The legal basis for this is your employment relationship or pre-contractual relationship as well as Section 26 (1) in conjunction with Section 8 (2) German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).)
We process personal data concerning you to the required extent in order to prevent any legal claims arising from the application process being asserted against us. (The legal basis for this is the legitimate interest of CoreMedia to comply with its burden of proof in proceedings as per the German General Act on Equal Treatment (AGG).)
Provided that there is an employment relationship between you and CoreMedia, we may as per Section 26 (1) German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) process your personal data in order to prepare the employment if it is required to enter into, perform or end employment or to perform or fulfil the legal rights and obligations arising from the employment.
Die sonstigen während des Absendevorgangs verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten dienen dazu, einen Missbrauch des Kommentarformulars zu verhindern und die Sicherheit unserer informationstechnischen Systeme sicherzustellen.
10.4. Duration of storage
Specifically, we store your personal data for as long as is necessary until a decision has been taken concerning your application. If we do not enter into an employment relationship with you, we may continue to store your data provided this is required to defend against legal claims. The job application documents are erased six months after notification of the rejection unless a legal dispute requires a longer storage period.
10.5. Transmitting data to third parties; service providers
Your personal data is generally only shared within CoreMedia. Furthermore, personal data may be forwarded to third parties provided that statutory provisions or enforceable regulatory or official orders oblige CoreMedia to do so.
10.6. Service providers
CoreMedia reserves the right to use service providers for the collection or processing of personal data. Service providers only receive the data that they need to complete the specific task for CoreMedia.
CoreMedia also uses a service provider for payroll.
Generally, service providers are commissioned as so-called processors who may only process the personal data of users of this online service as per the instructions from CoreMedia.
10.7. Transmitting data to countries outside of the EEA
CoreMedia does not transmit personal data to processors in countries outside of the EEA. However, if your job application refers to a job advertisement concerning our subsidiary in the US, we will forward your application to employees at CoreMedia Corporation. We will request your consent to forward your information beforehand.
10.8. Possibility of objection and removal
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time.
To do so, you can contact us by e-mail at info@coremedia.com
All personal data stored in the course of commenting will be deleted in this case.
> Back to top
11. WEB ANALYTICS BY GOOGLE ANALYTICS
11.1 Scope of processing of personal data
We use the tool Google Analytics on our website to analyse the surfing behaviour of our users. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. More about cookies see above.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other countries party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand.
If individual pages of our website are accessed, the following data is stored:
Three bytes of the IP address of the user's calling system
The accessed web page
The website from which the user has accessed the accessed website (referrer)
The subpages that are accessed from the accessed website
Duration of stay on the website
The frequency of visiting the website
The software is set so that the IP addresses are not stored in full length, but 1 byte of the IP address is already masked on servers within the EU (e.g.: 192.168.123.xxx). In this way it is no longer possible to assign the shortened IP address to the accessing computer.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website and Internet use.
The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
As an alternative to the browser add-on described above or within browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our pages by clicking this link to opt-out. An opt-out cookie is installed on your device. This will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data for this website and for this browser in future as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.
11.2 Legal basis for the processing of personal data
The legal basis for processing users' personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
11.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of users' personal data enables us to analyse the surfing behaviour of our users. We are in a position to compile information about the use of the individual components of our website by evaluating the data obtained. This helps us to continuously improve our website and its user-friendliness. For these purposes, it is also in our legitimate interest to process the data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. By anonymizing the IP address, users' interest in protecting their personal data is sufficiently taken into account.
11.4 Duration of storage
The personal data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer needed for our recording purposes. In our implementation this is the case after 14 months.
11.5 Possibility of objection and removal
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website in full.
We offer our users on our website the possibility of an opt-out from the analysis procedure by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
As an alternative to the browser add-on described above or within browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our pages by clicking this link to opt-out. An opt-out cookie is installed on your device. This will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data for this website and for this browser in future as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.
> Back to top
12. CHATBOT
12.1 Description and scope of data processing
We also provide a chatbot on our website which can be used for electronic contact or to fill forms step-by-step. If a user takes advantage of this possibility, the data entered in the input form will be transmitted to us and stored. This data is:
First name
Last Name
Company Name
E-mail address
Telephone number
Comments/Messages (if applicable)
At the time any message is sent, the following data is also stored:
The IP address of the user
Date and time of registration
Your consent is obtained for the processing of the data within the scope of the sending process and reference is made to this data protection declaration.
12.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR if the user has given his consent.
If registration serves the fulfilment of a contract to which the user is a party or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, the additional legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
12.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of the personal data from the chatbot serves us for the treatment of the establishment of contact. In the event of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
12.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted after a maximum of 24 months.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
12.5 Possibility of objection and removal
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
To do so, you can contact us by e-mail at info@coremedia.com
All personal data stored in the course of using the Chatbot us will be deleted in this case.
> Back to top
Appendix 1. RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT
If your personal data is being processed, you are affected within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights vis-à-vis the data controller:
1.1 Right to information
You can ask the data controller to confirm whether personal data concerning you will be processed by us.
If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information from the data controller:
the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
the categories of personal data processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or are still being disclosed;
the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;
the existence of a right to have your personal data concerning you corrected or deleted, a right to have processing restricted by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
any available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling in accordance with Article 22(1) and (4) GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. In this context, you may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission.
1.2 Right to correction
You have a right of rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis the data controller if the personal data processed concerning you are incorrect or incomplete. The data controller shall make the correction without delay.
1.3 Right to limitation of processing
Under the following conditions, you may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted:
if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period of time that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or
if you have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the data controller outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data may only be processed - apart from being stored - with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State.
If the processing restriction has been restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by the data controller before the restriction is lifted.
1.4 Right to cancellation
1.4.1 Duty to delete
You may request the data controller to delete the personal data relating to you without delay and the controller is obliged to delete this data without delay if one of the following reasons applies:
The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR.
The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.
The deletion of personal data concerning you is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.
The personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR.
1.4.2 Information to third parties
If the data controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to delete it pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR, he shall take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform data processors who process the personal data that you as the data subject have requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.
1.4.3 Exceptions
The right to erasure does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary
to exercise freedom of expression and information;
for the performance of a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h and i and Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 para. 1 GDPR, insofar as the law referred to under a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
1.5 Right to information
If you have exercised your right to have the data controller correct, delete or limit the processing, he/she is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction on processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
The data controller shall have the right to be informed of such recipients.
1.6 Right to Data Transferability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the data controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to pass this data on to another person in charge without obstruction by the person in charge to whom the personal data was provided, provided that
processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and
processing is carried out using automated methods.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one data controller to another data controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.
The right to transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller.
1.7 Right of objection
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you under Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the DSBER; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The data controller no longer processes the personal data concerning you, unless he can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing, which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You have the possibility to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use of Information Society services by means of automated procedures using technical specifications, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC.
1.8 Right to revoke the data protection declaration of consent
You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.
1.9 Automated decision in individual cases including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing - including profiling - that has legal effect against you or significantly impairs you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision
is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the data controller,
is admissible by law of the Union or of the Member States to which the data controller is subject and that law contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, or
with your express consent.However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR, unless Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a or g GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the data controller shall take reasonable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person by the data controller, to state his own position and to challenge the decision.
1.10. Right of appeal to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you reside, work or suspect of infringement, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is contrary to the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
> Back to top
2. My 3rd Party Content Embedding Preferences
I agree that the selected services may load embedded content automatically without asking for my permission every time.
I understand that this means that my personal data may be submitted to the 3rd party service whose separate privacy policies apply.
These privacy policies are linked below for your review.
CoreMedia will set preferences cookies locally in my browser for these settings. I can change my preference settings here at any time and withdraw my consent by deactivating all options.
Enable automatic loading for:
YouTube (Privacy Policy)
Vimeo (Privacy Policy)
XING Events Registration (Privacy Policy)
> Back to top
Get News
Subscribe
CoreMedia
Home
Product
Customers
Partners
Events
Blog
Labs
About Us
Company
Contact
Jobs
Press
Media
Services
Customer Success
Training
Support
Downloads
Newsletter
Get in Touch
+1.703.945.1079 - Americas
+44.207.849.3317 - EMEA
+49.40.325587.0 - DACH
info@coremedia.com