http://www.reggatta.com/privacy-policy.html
REGGATTA SYSTEMS, INC.
Titan
Purchase
Titan Releases & Archives
Score Simple
GFG
About
PURCHASE
PRIVACY POLICY FOR THIS WEB SITE, MPRSS & SCORE SIMPLE MOBILE APPS
This privacy policy governs your use of the mobile software applications Mprss and/or Score Simple (“Applications”) for mobile devices that were created by Reggatta Systems, Inc. User Provided Information These Applications obtain information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by these Applications unless you register with us.When you register with us and use either of these Applications, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information, game scores, and content you publish.We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.Automatically Collected Information These applications provide the automatic capture of some device information and user activity, like device model, content accessed, country of use, network provider, etc.  Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.if Developer Company Name is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information. In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?We do not capture real time location information of the device, although our Mprss Application allows you, at your sole discretion, to do so when creating new content and you want to be able to show it by a location you have saved.Automatic Data Collection and AdvertisingWe may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use. What are my opt-out rights?You can stop all collection of information by these Applications easily by uninstalling them. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.Data Retention Policy, Managing Your InformationWe will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@reggatta.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.ChildrenWe do not use these Applications to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@reggatta.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.SecurityWe are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.ChangesThis Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here, and in some cases informing you via email. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Your ConsentBy using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. Contact usIf you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@reggatta.com.
Proudly powered by Weebly