http://www.boardwalktech.com/privacy.php
Boardwalktech | Patented Digital Ledger Technology
Phone:
650-618-6200
CHAT NOW!
TRY DIAMOND LANE
BOARDWALKTECH
Products
Boardwalk Digital Ledger
Boardwalk Network of Words
Boardwalk Ecosystem
Boardwalk Diamond Lane
Features
Benefits
FAQ
Pricing
Application Areas
Types
Supply Chain
Human Resources
Finance & Accounting
IT Platform
Blockchain
Applications
Control Tower
Sales & Operations Planning (S&OP)
Sales & Operations Execution (S&OE)
Trading Partner Collaboration
Demand & Supply Planning
Staffing Resource Management
Salary Planning
Incentive/Performance Management
Sales & Revenue Forecasting
Treasury & Cash Management
Budgeting & Planning
IT Process Platform
Project & Portfolio Management
Industries
CPG
High Tech
Financial Services
Manufacturing
Retail
Apparel
InsuranceGovernment
Customers
Our Customers
Testimonials
Partners
Technology Partners
Consulting Partners
Become a Partner
Resources
Events
Webinars
Case Studies
Whitepapers
Press Releases
Investors
About Us
Leadership
Advisors
Contact Us
Privacy Policy, EFFECTIVE AS OF January 1, 2020
Boardwalktech, Inc. (“Boardwalktech” or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit the Boardwalk Website or register to attend Company sponsored events (collectively “Visitors”), register to use the services (the “Services”) offered by Boardwalk (“Service Users”). This Privacy Policy describes Boardwalk’s privacy practices in relation to data collected from (i) the use of the Company’s website located at http://www.boardwalktech.com (the “Boardwalk Website”), and (ii) the Services.
Boardwalktech’s website may contain links to other websites not operated by Boardwalk and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please review the privacy policies of these other websites to understand their information practices.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you request additional information about the Services or register to use the Services, Boardwalk requires you to provide personal contact information, including name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“User Information”). When purchasing the Services, Boardwalk requires you to provide certain financial and registration information including financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (“Registration Information”). The primary purpose of the Boardwalk Service is to allow Service Users to share information (the “Client Data”) with other Service Users through a common set of user accounts (the “Service Account”). When you use the Service to share Client Data with other Service Users associated with the same Service Account, the Client Data is shared with those Service Users strictly in accordance with the preferences you have set in the Service Account (the “Account Preferences”).
The Service Users are solely responsible for configuring the Account Preferences. When you access the Boardwalk Website, Boardwalk may also collect information using common tools, such as cookies, pixels and web beacons (“Website Information”). Website Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your internet protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Boardwalk Website (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked).
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Boardwalk uses the User Information, Registration Information and Website Information to perform the services requested and may also use it for marketing purposes (e.g., Boardwalk may use information you provide to contact you regarding your interest in the Services and to send you information regarding the Company, and promotions or events). Boardwalktech uses credit card information solely to check the financial qualifications of prospective Service Users and collect payment from Service Users and Visitors. Boardwalktech uses Website Information to operate and improve the Boardwalk Website. Cookies, Web Beacons and IP Addresses Cookies The Boardwalk Website uses a small computer file known as a "cookie" to help provide many services and improve the user experience.
A cookie is a small unique randomly generated text file sent by a website's server to be stored on the user's web-enabled device that is returned unchanged by the user's device to the server on subsequent interactions. The cookie enables the website domain to associate data with that device and distinguish requests from different devices.
Examples of the use of cookies would be to associate a set of website viewer preferences with a device or user (without identifying the user), such as a language preference or other user configurable options.
If you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Boardwalk Website, but you will not be able to successfully use the Services. Web Beacons and IP Addresses Boardwalktech uses Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies and IP addresses to compile information about Service Users and Visitors’ usage of the Boardwalk Website and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular website tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the Web beacon. For example, Boardwalk may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Boardwalk Website. Boardwalktech uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Boardwalk Website and email communications. When you visit Boardwalk’s websites, the Company collects your IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information for purposes such as monitoring the regions from which Service Users and Visitors access the Boardwalk Website.
Boardwalktech also collects IP addresses from Service Users as part of the Company’s security protocols.
SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Client Data: Boardwalk does not share Client Data with third parties, and Boardwalk may access Client Data only for the purpose of providing the Services, or upon a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters.
User Information and Registration Information: Service Providers Boardwalktech may share User Information and Registration Information with the Company’s contracted service providers so that these service providers can provide services on our behalf and to ensure the quality of information provided. Unless described in this Privacy Policy, Boardwalk does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
User Information and Registration Information: Business Partners From time to time, Boardwalk may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services (a “Joint Service”). If you purchase or express interest in a Joint Service, Boardwalk may share User Information with our partner providing the Joint Service.
Boardwalktech does not share information from Attendees unless: (1) you specifically opt in to such sharing via an event registration form; or (2) you attend a Company event and have your attendee badge scanned by a business partner.
User Information and Registration Information: Billing Boardwalktech uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Registration Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on the Company’s behalf.
User Information and Registration Information: Compelled Disclosure Boardwalktech reserves the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if the Company reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the Company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
User Information and Registration Information: International transfer of information collected Boardwalk may transfer and access User Information, Registration Information and Client Data (collectively the “Processed Data”) to and from data centers controlled by Boardwalk in various locations including the United States. This Privacy Policy shall control Boardwalk’s use and transfer of information regardless of the location of the Processed Data.
User Information and Registration Information: Marketing preferences Boardwalktech offers certain choices in how Boardwalk uses the information provided. You may opt-out of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the Company’s marketing emails. Service Users cannot opt out of receiving service announcements related to the Services.
User Information and Registration Information: Security Boardwalktech uses robust security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of Customer Data. These technologies help ensure that Customer Data is safe, secure, and only available to the Customer to whom the information belongs and those to whom the Customer has granted access. Boardwalktech also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and the Company hosts its websites in a secure server environment that uses firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Service Users are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their Boardwalk usernames and passwords.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Boardwalktech reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy. Boardwalktech will provide notification of the material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting updates at http://www.boardwalktech.com/privacy-policy and providing notice of the changes to Service Users through a service announcement.
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our information practices should be directed by U.S. Mail to: Boardwalktech, Inc., 10050 N. Wolfe Rd., Suite SW1-276, Cupertino, CA 95014.
Contact
Our Offices
Support
Sales
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Careers
USA
India
Ready To Go?
Call Us: 650.618.6200
Email Us
© Copyright 2006 -
Boardwalktech, Inc.