http://www.ncsacademy.com/privacy.cfm
Login Password
Free ExamsTest your skills with one of our certification exams and see how you stack up right now. Testing Services Testing services for employers, educators, and our testing center partners. For EmployersFor EducatorsTesting Centers Learn More About Us Find out more about how our certifications can benefit you. Course Descriptions View a complete listing of certifications available through NCSA.
NCSA MembershipGet your NCSA Premium membership and get full access to all exams and unlimited certifications. Certificate DatabaseLookup a certification in our online database. Affiliate ProgramMake money by helping people get the computer training and certification they need. Sign-up Here!
NCSA Tech BlogKeep up with the latest news, tips, tutorials, and technology on the official NCSA technology blog. Support CenterIf you have questions or concerns feel free to visit our online support center.
Please read
the following statement for all information regarding the privacy practices
for the National Computer Science Academy (NCSA).
Privacy
Statement
Information
Collection and Use
NCSA is the
sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell,
share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is
disclosed in this statement. NCSA collects information from our users
at different points on our website.
Order
We request
information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide
contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information
(like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for
billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing
an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.
Cookies
This site
uses cookies for temporary storage of information to support the e-commerce
and testing functions of our site. Additionally, cookies may contain information
to help us track which site referred customers to us. None of a users
personal information is stored in our cookies.
Log
Files
We use IP
addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement,
and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses
are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not
share, rent or in any way distribute customer information with any entity
outside NCSA.
Newsletter
If a user
wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information
such as name and email address.
Surveys
& Contests
From time-to-time,
our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation
in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore
has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information
requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address)
and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information
will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information
will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction
of this site.
Security
This website
takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit
sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both
online and off-line.
When our
order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card
number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best
encryption software in the industry--SSL. While on a secure page, such
as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as
Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as
opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
While we
use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do
everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our
users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above,
is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer
service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable
information. When they return, they must re-enter their password to gain
access to their information.
If you have
any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email
to support@ncsacademy.com.
Correction/Updating
Personal Information
If a user's
personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), we
will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's
personal data provided to us. This can usually be done in the members'
area or by emailing the support department.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users
are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used
for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask
for the information. For example, our order form has an 'opt-out' mechanism
so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material,
can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users who
no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from
our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying
"unsubscribe" in the subject line in the email or email us at
webmaster@ncsacademy.com.
If you have
any other questions regarding our privacy statement, please feel free
to email us at support@ncsacademy.com.
HOME    NCSA BLOG    JOB OPPORTUNITIES    PRIVACY    RETURNS    CERTIFICATION
LIST    AFFILIATES    CONTACT
US
© 2002-2011 National Computer Science Academy, All Rights Reserved.