http://www.thesmilies.com/privacy.php
Free Smileys
Free Smileys
Glitter Graphics
Smiley Generators
Angry
Animals
Ashamed
Cartoon
Christmas
Cool
Eddie
Edible
Employed
Expressive
Evil
Famous
Fantasy
Fighting
Flags
Halloween
Happy
Holiday
Jumping
Love
Military
Musical
Nature
Office
Outfitted
Party
Peanuts
Ribbons
Romantic
Sad
Scared
Sick
Silly
Sports
Surprised
Symbols
Transport
Movie - Tv
Videogame
Weather
Winking
Zodiac
Privacy Policy
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. The IP is simply stored for security purposes, such as a DOS attack. Your IP is not used for any other purposes.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. We do not use cookies in this website, and cookies received with banner ads are used only for the purpose of serving the relevant ads. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about Google's use of the DART cookie and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here or you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. However, at times, we may run certain advertising offer for which filling out a survey is required. This information may be used to target our advertisements. Individual responses are not kept on file, and none of this information is sold to anyone outside the site
At no time is personal information collected without explicit consent
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. TheSmilies.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Contacting TheSmilies.com
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by sending an email to
admin - @ - thesmilies.com
Free Smileys | Glitter Graphics | Smiley Generators
© Thesmilies.com. Certain Smilies reproduced by permission from Mazeguy | Privacy Policy | Link to The Smilies
About The Smilies: We offer thousands of free Smileys. Download free smileys, smiley emoticons and express your thoughts through MSN Messenger, emails, forums or via your websites using our smilies. We also provide lots of free Myspace Graphics and Glitter Graphics including Glitter Text Generators
and Smiley Generators.