http://www.webporter.com/privacy-policy/
Webporter Sites:
Web Marketing | Web Services | Client Area
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Providing assurance and protecting your privacy is important to Webporter which is why we have developed the following policy:
Introduction
Information we collect
How we use personal information
Security measures
Other disclosure by you
Accessing and updating personal information
Children's privacy
Complaints and concerns
1. Introduction
1.1 We understand that the privacy of your personal details, and the security of your transactions with us, is of paramount importance to you. Webporter has therefore adopted data protection policies with respect to your privacy and security. Our privacy policy sets out the rules we will abide by when dealing with personal information we collect from individuals in the course of our business.
1.2 To help ensure that we meet and maintain our privacy standards we have an assigned privacy area. To contact us in relation to a privacy matter or concern please email privacy@webporter.com
1.3 We may make alterations or additions to this policy from time to time. Should we do so, we will update the policy on our website. We require that all our customers agree to abide by our Privacy policy as part of our terms of trade. This policy also applies to users of our website who are not customers of Webporter.
1.4 Please note that we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for the privacy or security practices of any other websites which you may be able to access through our site, or for our customers' level of compliance with our code.
1.5 Your use of Webporter's sites or services constitutes your acceptance of this policy.
2. Information we collect
Webporter collects different information about you at different times including:
2.1 Information we require to supply our services.
When you first sign up or contract with Webporter for our services, or when you make an inquiry about our services, we may request information such as your name, address, telephone number, domain name, email details of your primary and secondary contacts and credit card details.
We may also monitor and/or record telephone conversations with you from time to time for training purposes and to improve our service to you.
2.2 Non personally identifying information.
Webporter operates statistics and analytics gathering software on its website/s that collects information about visitor trends. No identifying information is collected except the IP address of the visitor. We use this information to improve our own website structure and performance, and to determine which areas of our site are most popular.
We also use 'sessions' and 'cookies' which allow our website to store information about user preferences and assist with the functionality online systems (for example, online orders). It is possible to adjust your Internet browser to refuse cookies, however you may find that this reduces the functionality of this site.
2.3 Other demographic information.
If you respond voluntarily to our surveys or other interactive communications, we collect the responses and use the information to improve the quality and range of Webporter's products and services.
2.4 Personal information stored on a websites hosted by Webporter.
Webporter will have personal information stored on our servers due to the fact that we host websites of other organisations. Any information that is submitted to or collected by these organisations will be physically located on a server in a secure data facility. This information, whether or not voluntarily provided, will not be released by Webporter unless we are required to do so by law.
3. How we use personal information
3.1 We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver our services to you. We will use your personal information to provide support and communicate information including technical, billing, sales, products and promotions.
3.2 We may use your personal information to:
contact you in relation to upgrading your use of our services, special offers (from us, or on behalf of third parties), with newsletters, surveys, and individual service audits. We may give extracts of our customer lists containing personal information to third party contractors to do this on our behalf. We will ensure that those contractors are bound to protect your personal information to the same standard that we are.
identify the source of new customers to Webporter;
monitor and address complaints, other feedback, and to resolve disputes;
in the case of credit cards, to bill you for services;
in the case of ABNs, to verify your identity;
maintain a technical and account history of your dealings with us;
monitor your compliance with our policies and other terms and conditions of supply;
comply with our reporting and other obligations to third party licensors (such as reporting to software suppliers the number and identity of software licenses we have issued as part of our products).
3.3 We will treat all information we collect from you as strictly confidential. Webporter does not rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. We will not reveal, disclose, sell, distribute, rent, licence, share or pass onto any third party (other than those who are contracted or supply services to Webporter) any personal information that you may have provided to us unless we have your express consent to do so, other than in the circumstances set out in the next paragraph.
3.4 We will disclose your personal information, without notice or your consent, only:
if we are required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform with the laws, applicable code of conduct or legal process served on us in relation to our business or web site;
to protect and defend the rights, services or property of Webporter;
if we consider it reasonable to do so in order to enforce or apply the terms of any of our agreements with you;
to contractors providing licensed collections services, credit card payment processing and CRM services, who comply with our privacy and security policies;
if we sell our business or part of it; and
in extreme circumstances, to protect the personal safety of users of Webporter's services, its website, our staff or the public.
4. Security measures
4.1 Webporter have adopted security measures in used applications to protect highly sensative information from unauthorised access. Our servers are maintained in a controlled, secured environment and only staff who need to have access to your personal information in order to perform their job function are authorised to access the database. Constant changes to the Internet and technology mean that we cannot guarantee that data transmission will be 100% secure, or safe from attack by unauthorised intruders.
4.2 Whenever you provide personal details to our website we always make use of encrypted (SSL) security. This can be confirmed by looking for a "lock icon" normally displayed at the bottom of a browser. Due to this security measure, it is quite safe to transmit your credit card number over the Internet, although no data transmission can be absolutely guaranteed as secure. In order to access your personal information on our website, you will be required to input your user name and password which should be kept private.
5. Other disclosure by you
5.1 You might provide personal information through your participation in chat sessions, message boards, email exchanges or newsgroups accessed via our website/s, or another service provided by Webporter. Such information may be public and immediately available to anyone who has access to such a site; it is not private. Webporter urges you to enter only information that you are comfortable to share with the public at large in this public domain. Our Privacy policy does not apply to such information.
5.2 You should never reveal your password to third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose control over your personal information and may be liable for actions taken on your behalf by third parties using your password and/or personal information. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately contact us or change it.
5.3 If you collect personal information which you keep on servers provided by Webporter as part of our service to you (including email), you alone are responsible for compliance with any and all privacy laws in respect of that information in accordance to Australia and your own country and state. We take no responsibility for your dealings with personal information you collect.
6. Accessing and updating personal information
6.1 From time to time you may need to update your personal information. We keep this information in a secure environment which you can access through our client area at https://clientarea.webporter.com.au/. In order to amend any of your personal information, you will be required to give your user name and password.
6.2 If you contact us via telephone, you will need to answer a few security questions before any personal information is revealed or amended.
7. Children's privacy
Webporter does not knowingly collect, use or market any information to children without seeking parental or a guardian's consent.
8. Complaints and concerns
If you have a complaint or concern about any aspect of our privacy procedures, please email our privacy area at privacy@webporter.com. We will attempt to respond promptly.
If a complaint, and we are unable to resolve a complaint to your satisfaction, you or we may refer the complaint to Australia's Privacy Commissioner.
Web Marketing Guide
More Sales, Less Cost, Less Effort
Attract ideal prospects to your website
Capture more phone and online enquiries
Nurture to maximise customers and sales
Name				*
Email				*
Company				*
Biggest Challenge				*
Please type the letters and numbers shown in the image.
Click the image to see another captcha.
Subscribe Now (Free)
We respect your privacy - your details will never be shared without your permission.
Client Testimonials
"We regularly get compliments about the site and we come up close to the top on Page 1. I could not have asked for more. They were very friendly and easy to deal with too. The best result of all: Our marketing budget is practically nil. We get so much work from the website that we don't have to spend any money on newspapers or other media."
Popular Blog Articles
Website Writing That Increases Business Profits with Less Advertising
Successful Online Marketing in the Information Age: 7 Reasons Consumers Read Pages of Information (Part 2)
Successful Online Marketing in the Information Age: Do You Have a Shallow Business Website? (Part 1)
What Is "Content Marketing"? Stripped Down and Dressed Up.
Are You Still Selling Features? Focus On Customer Benefits
10 Design Elements To Increase Customer Responses On Your Site
Google Remarketing 101: Increase Conversions and Brand Awareness
Web Marketing Strategy
The four key areas of our Web Marketing Strategy:
Attract Prospects - attracting visitors and ideal customers to your website is crucial to having a successful online strategy.
Capture Customers - all businesses should have a website that is designed to encourage responses from potential customers.
Nurture Customers - nurturing increases business sales and customers, gives more referrals and increases customer satisfaction.
Measure & Improve - measuring enables you to objectively see how your campaign is performing and make informed improvements.
Got Questions? We'd Love to Help
Name				*
Email				*
Message				*
Please type the letters and numbers shown in the image.
Click the image to see another captcha.
Send Message
Copyright © Webporter | ABN 32 058 768 827 | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Powered by WOW