http://www.worksoft.com/privacy-statement?hsLang=en
Stay Connected
Blog
Support
Contact Us
Connective Automation™ Platform
Platform OverviewReduce risk, timelines, and costs by connecting all three stages of automation—discovery, testing and RPA—in one seamless, codeless test automation platform.
Automated Process DiscoveryDiscover and visualize end-to-end business processes without interrupting daily routines.
Automated Continuous TestingEasily create, maintain, share and reuse end-to-end automated tests of your exact business processes across enterprise applications at scale.
RPAAutomate production processes to focus on higher value tasks.
Products
Process Intelligence
Worksoft Analyze®Accelerate automation by visualizing and understanding end-to-end business processes down to the keystroke with Worksoft Analyze®.
Worksoft CaptureUnderstand and improve your organization’s end-to-end business processes with automated process discovery designed with every user in mind.
Worksoft Business Process ProcedureWorksoft Business Process Procedure is a web-based solution, quickly generating comprehensive business process documentation for audit & compliance report standards.
Test Automation
Worksoft Certify®Accelerate projects, increase efficiency, and mitigate risk with continuous automated testing of end-to-end business processes with Worksoft Certify®.
Worksoft Execution ManagerWorksoft Execution Manager lets you schedule remote tests as part of continuous testing cycles to intercept defects and failures before they impact business.
Worksoft Impact for SAPMitigate risks and accelerate results with automatic identification and analysis of the key system components affected by SAP transports.
Worksoft Impact for SAP Web TechEasy and automated risk-based testing for all SAP web technologies, including SAP UI5, Web Dynpro, and WEB-GUI.
Robotic Process Automation
Worksoft RPAAutomate complex processes across applications with a seamless RPA platform built for change.
Services
ServicesEmploy our proven methodology & team of experts to help you accelerate project schedules, reduce risk and drive strategic adoption of intelligent automation.
Enablement ServicesGet the most from your investment at every stage of the automation lifecycle.
Managed ServicesTake a hands-off approach to automation while ensuring ongoing project success.
Delivery ServicesAccelerate your company’s adoption of automation.
Training ServicesAccelerate automation success by giving your teams the right training, in the right way, at the right time.
Solutions
SolutionsEnsure your success with comprehensive solutions spanning all three stages of automation—discovery, testing, RPA—in one codeless platform.
S/4HANA TestingSpeed migrations and reduce risks with proven automation for discovery, documentation, testing and maintenance.
Agile+DevOpsDeploy new functionality into production daily and drastically cut regression testing time by up to 90%.
End-to-End TestingRun end-to-end business process tests for packaged applications with enterprise level controls and reporting.
Web TestingSimplify the complexity of web challenges by testing automatically as updates to web applications as they are released.
Cloud TestingCloud testing allows you to run a huge number of tests in parallel, both locally and remotely, facilitating easier and larger-scale deployments.
Mobile TestingReuse tests, no matter which mobile platform is used, and maintain one test for multiple browsers and devices.
API TestingRun Soap XML, REST and more plus re-use existing SoapUI assets created by development without analysts having to become programmers or developers.
Discovery & DocumentationDocument every process function, keystroke, and transaction, giving you greater accuracy and dramatically reducing project timelines.
Exploratory TestingExtend the power of exploratory testing by automating the discovery and documentation of as-is business processes.
Applications
ERP
SAPChosen by SAP to Test SAP Applications.
S/4HANASpeed migrations and mitigate risks.
SuccessFactorsBusiness process assurance for your end-to-end HR processes.
ConcurEnsure quality: test every workflow.
HybrisHigh-speed functional testing for digital commerce.
AribaEnsure crisp execution in eCommerce.
FioriEnsure the highest-quality user experience.
Oracle CloudEnd-to-End business process testing for even the most complex Oracle application landscapes
EBSComplete coverage for your EBS investment.
PeopleSoftKeep pace with system changes and drive agility.
SiebelEnsure quality and high levels of execution end-to-end.
JD EdwardsHandle complexity and mitigate risk for your application modules.
CRM
SalesforceEnsure every CRM and customer-focused function works the way you need it with automated salesforce testing of end-to-end business processes.
C/4HANA Deliver consistent user experiences and ensure security and mission-critical business processes function without failure.
HR
SuccessFactorsOur industry-leading automation is designed to validate end-to-end processes, delivering higher levels of QA across applications, technologies, and interfaces.
WorkdayYour HR & financial management teams can rest assured that all end-to-end business processes, including those that integrate with other apps, work as intended.
Insights
Resources
Blog
Webinars
Events
Worksoft University®
5 Ways Automated Testing Can Support QA in 2021
Customers & Partners
Customers
Success StoriesExplore how some of the world’s leading enterprises are using the Worksoft to boost efficiency, liberate resources & reduce risk.
Industry SpotlightExplore real-world success stories from customers by industry.
Automation for Automotive
Automation for Energy
Automation for Healthcare
Automation for Manufacturing
Automation for Technology
Partners
PartnersExperience the power of a best-of-breed technology ecosystem with deep expertise
Request Partner LicensesDemonstrate Worksoft's connective automation to your clients by requesting proof of concept (POC), pilot or project licenses.
Access Partner Training CoursesAccess all of our latest training courses to anything and everything Worksoft and our suite of products and solutions.
Partner Portal
Training & Support
Worksoft University®Training designed to accelerate automation success for you and your organization.
SupportWe're dedicated to the success of your organization. Take a look at our full list of support options and we'll do our best to assist.
Customer Portal
Privacy Statement
Worksoft Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for Worksoft Inc. (“Worksoft”) and for its web site (www.worksoft.com) and localized versions of that site, including the type of personal information collected and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. Worksoft is committed to protecting your privacy.
Regardless of the nature or source of your personal information in our possession, Worksoft will use that information solely for internal business purposes. We will not sell your personal information. If we share your personal information with third parties performing services for us, or acting on our behalf, we will not allow them to use your information for other purposes, and we will contractually require them to protect your information. If you access this web site from a country in the European Union, all personal information you supply to Worksoft will be treated in accordance with the European Data Protection Directive and applicable national laws.
Collecting Personal Information
Worksoft recognizes as “personal information” the information that personally identifies you, plus any associated information that allows us to contact you, or that allows us to respond more effectively to a request from you. We may come into possession of your personal information through a variety of means, both active and passive. In general, you can visit this site without telling us who you are or disclosing personal information about yourself; only the name of the domain from which you access the Internet as well as the Internet address and the date and time you access this web site are logged. The user otherwise remains anonymous. Worksoft uses the information to analyze trends as well as measure the number of visitors to different parts of this site and how much time they spend there, to help us make the site more useful to visitors.
We request personal information when you are registering to receive information such as a white papers, webinars, videos, entering a contest, signing up for an event or training, or downloading or purchasing Worksoft products. Personal information collected through www.worksoft.com is generally limited to your name, contact information, job title, and areas of job responsibility, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested. In other cases, certain actions by you will have the effect of providing personal information to Worksoft. For example, you may send an e-mail message to Worksoft requesting information.
Use of Personal Information
When you provide personal information or data to Worksoft, you have entered into a business relationship with Worksoft and are consenting to the use of that data by Worksoft and its applicable worldwide affiliated companies, as stated in this Privacy Statement. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Worksoft or its affiliates, contractors, or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Worksoft will primarily use your personal information to:
Provide you with periodic information you agreed to receive about Worksoft products, services, and events
Allow you to purchase and/or download products and/or receive support or other services for Worksoft solutions
Contact you to discuss your specific needs and / or the resources you have requested access to on the Worksoft website.
Deliver information regarding products or services that you request or purchase
Gather demographic information about web site visitor trends
Insure our web site is relevant to your needs
Alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Worksoft, unless you have opted out of this use.
Worksoft may send out periodic e-mails informing you of a technical service or security issues related to a product or service you have requested or purchased, or confirming your request or purchase of a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
Sharing of Personal Information
Worksoft may provide your personal information to third parties who are providing services to us, or who are providing services to you on our behalf, and who need the information to provide the services. Worksoft takes steps to ensure that such third party service providers are obligated to protect your personal information on Worksoft’s behalf. Otherwise, Worksoft will not share your personal information unless compelled to do so by exceptional conditions such as the following: Worksoft may be required to share information by law or legal edict; Worksoft may share information in a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect the personal safety of Worksoft users, protect and defend the rights or property of Worksoft and its family of web sites, or protect the public; Worksoft may share information if a complaint or legal action arises from your posted content on an Worksoft bulletin board/community site; or the information may pass to another entity in connection with an asset sale of a Worksoft product line, or of substantially all of the business of Worksoft.
Correction of Errors
You may update or correct your contact information by sending an email to info@worksoft.com.
How to Unsubscribe from Email Communications
To unsubscribe from marketing emails or event notifications, click on “Unsubscribe” in any of our mailing. This will remove you from our mailing list for all future mailings.
Data Security
Worksoft uses restrictive technologies and processes to ensure against loss, misuse, destruction and unauthorized access of all of its data, including your personal information. Technologies include commercial quality anti-virus software and firewall protection.
Web Site Cookies
Some Worksoft web pages use “cookies.” A cookie is a small file that a website may send to your browser which may then store it on your hard drive. A cookie helps Worksoft better serve you when you return to this site. Cookies also help us collect non-personal information about web site visits. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie, so you can decide whether to accept it. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Worksoft web site, you will not experience a personalized visit and may not be able to access certain screens or subscribe to certain offerings on the site. Learn more about the cookies we use.
Children’s Data
No advertising, content, visual or audio content, language, or other characteristics of the Worksoft web site are directed to children.
Links on Worksoft.com
For convenience Worksoft may provide links to other web sites. Worksoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of the owners of those web sites or for any content on those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted by the web site owner if you choose to visit any of these web sites.
Advertising on Worksoft.com
Worksoft on occasion may allow others to advertise on Worksoft.com. Such advertisers may collect personal information, and may share it with us, and in that case the information we receive will be subject to these Worksoft privacy practices. However, Worksoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of the advertisers. If you wish to restrict an advertiser’s use or further disclosure of your personal information, you must visit their web site and follow any steps outlined there for protection of your privacy.
Public Postings
If you disclose your personal information online in a community area, that information can be collected and used by others in the community. Worksoft has no control over such use of your personal information, even if the community area you used is, or appears to be, associated with Worksoft – for example, a Worksoft bulletin board.
Notification of Changes
Worksoft will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will change the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. You agree to visit this site from time to time to review the current applicable policies.
Worksoft CCPA Privacy Notice
Respect for Your Privacy
The privacy of your PII is important to us at Worksoft. We are committed to protecting the privacy of that information. Furthermore, the privacy of your PII may be protected by various government laws or regulations.
At the same time, in order to provide you with services you may request, it is necessary for us to possess some PII of yours. Similarly, without some of that information, we cannot inform you about the services we have available or that you may request (though if you are currently receiving information or marketing communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving further communications at any time).
This privacy statement explains our PII policies and practices. It includes, but is not limited to, explanations of the types of PII we may collect about you, the purposes for collecting such information, the circumstances under which we may disclose such information to third parties, the measures we take to secure the confidentiality of such information, your rights regarding your PII, and the way to contact us to exercise those rights.
The CCPA and Your Personal Data Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a sweeping piece of legislation that grants California residents increased control over their personal data. The CCPA allows consumers to find out what PII of theirs has been gathered, to request that businesses delete their data, to opt out of having their information sold, and more. It requires affected companies to create processes to comply with and facilitate consumer data requests, to update their privacy policies, and to assure that their vendors comply as well.
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices for Worksoft Inc. (“Worksoft”) and for its web site (www.worksoft.com) and localized versions of that site, including the type of PII collected and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. This Privacy Notice also provides the details you need to understand your rights under the CCPA, how to exercise those rights, and the contact information you need to take action regarding the privacy of your data. Worksoft is committed to protecting your privacy.
Definitions
Various laws and regulations (including the CCPA) use different terms and definitions for information about individuals that is personal and should be protected. Some laws and regulations consider only very limited types of information to be protected and private. Others include much broader categories. At Worksoft, we have chosen to adopt the broader approach to what information must be protected and kept as private as possible.
“Consumer” means a natural person who is a California resident, as defined in Section 17014 of Title 18 of the California Code of Regulations, as that section read on September 1, 2017, however identified, including by any unique identifier.
“Personally identifiable information” (“PII”) means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a consumer or household. PII includes, but is not limited to, the following:
Name
Personal E-mail Address
Cell Phone Number
Account Information
Employee ID
Job History and Education
Marital Status
Date of Birth with Year
Salary and Bonus
IP Address
Biometric information
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
Geolocation data
Professional or employment-related information
Education information
“Processing” is defined as the collection, use, protection, transfer, storage, alteration, disclosure, sharing, or disposal of personal data.
“Sell,” “selling,” “sale,” or “sold,” means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s PII by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Types of PII We Collect
Worksoft may come into possession of your PII through a variety of means, both active and passive. In general, you can visit this site without telling us who you are or disclosing PII about yourself; only the name of the domain from which you access the Internet as well as the Internet address and the date and time you access this web site are logged. PII collected through www.worksoft.com is generally limited to your name, contact information, job title, and areas of job responsibility, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested. The types of PII collected is listed below:
First and last name
Contact information such as email and phone number
Business association and job title
Device identification
Time Zone
Purposes for Collecting Your PII
When you provide PII or data to Worksoft, you have entered a business relationship with Worksoft and are consenting to the use of that data by Worksoft and its applicable worldwide affiliated companies, as stated in this Privacy Statement. We request PII for a variety of purposes throughout your interaction with Worksoft.
When you are registering to receive information such as a white papers, webinars, or videos;
When you enter a contest or sign up for an event or training;
When you download or purchase Worksoft products;
When you contact customer support, such as through an e-mail message;
Worksoft uses the information to analyze trends as well as measure the number of visitors to different parts of this site and how much time they spend there, to help us make the site more useful to visitors;
Provide you with periodic information you agreed to receive about Worksoft products, services, and events;
Allow you to purchase and/or download products and/or receive support or other services for Worksoft solutions;
Contact you to discuss your specific needs and / or the resources you have requested access to on the Worksoft website;
Deliver information regarding products or services that you request or purchase;
Gather demographic information about web site visitor trends;
Ensure our web site is relevant to your needs;
Alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Worksoft, unless you have opted out of this use;
Worksoft may send out periodic e-mails informing you of a technical service or security issues related to a product or service you have requested or purchased or confirming your request or purchase of a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
When you request a quote from Worksoft.
Sharing Your PII
Your PII may be combined with information we receive from other sources, or it may be provided to other organizations we work with. This section details that sharing of your PII.
Receiving PII from Third Parties
We may receive information about you from other sources and combine that information with the PII we collect directly from you. For example, we may receive payment information from the organization you use to pay us in order to correct our records.
Sharing PII with Third Parties
We will not sell your PII. If we share your PII with third parties performing services for us, or acting on our behalf, we will not allow them to use your information for other purposes, and we will contractually require them to protect your information.We may share your PII with our affiliates, business partners, and other third parties. We may do so for the purposes of operating our business, delivering and improving the financial services we provide to you, as well as for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law such as sending marketing and other communications related to our business.We also share personal information for a variety of additional purposes including, but not limited to:
Within Worksoft and our affiliates and subsidiaries for data processing or storage purpose
With business partners and suppliers to provide services and help facilitate transactions including processing orders, event registrations, data storage, marketing communications and customer support
In response to a request from law enforcement, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or to meet national security requirements
For any purposes other than which the PII was collected (and other than for the exceptions listed here) only after we have provided you notice and received your consent to share the information for that purpose
Your PII Rights
The CCPA provides you with certain rights in regard to what we do with your personally identifiable information. This section details those rights, how to exercise them, and what Worksoft will do in response.
Disclosure.
California residents have the right to request that we disclose, free of charge, the categories and specifics of the PII we collect about California residents (and/or, if applicable, sell or otherwise disclose to a third party for business purposes). We require a verifiable request from the California resident to ensure that it is, in fact, the California resident who is requesting such a PII disclosure. Once we verify the request, we will provide that information.
A request for disclosure can apply to any such PII mentioned in the previous paragraph for as much as twelve months preceding your request. Be advised that we are not required to disclose such information about the PII we collect more than twice in a twelve-month period.
Following our verification of your request, we will disclose, unless otherwise restricted by law or regulation, the following PII we collect:
The categories of PII we have collected
The categories of sources from which the PII is collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that PII
The categories of third parties with whom we share PII
The specific pieces of PII we have collected
Following our verification of the request, we will disclose, unless otherwise restricted by law or regulation, the following PII that we sell to a third party or otherwise disclose for business purposes:
The categories of PII we have collected that we sell or disclose
The categories of sources from which that PII is collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or disclosing that PII
Opting Out.
Under the CCPA, we may sell the PII we possess unless we are advised not to. This is often referred to as the right to “opt-out.” Currently, however, Worksoft does not sell PII.
Sale of Minors’ PII Only With Opt-In Consent.
Under the CCPA, we may only sell the PII we possess about a consumer who we believe to be between the ages of 13 and 16 if the consumer consents (“opts-in”). If we believe our consumer to be less than 13, we may only sell the PII we possess about that consumer if the consumer’s parent or guardian consents (“opts-in”). Currently, however, Worksoft does not sell the PII of minors.
Deletion of PII.
California residents have the right to request that we delete the PII we have collected. Following our verification of the request, we will comply with the request and delete any or all of the PII in our possession that we collected from the California resident and/or any or all such PII in the possession of our service providers, unless otherwise restricted by law or regulation.
Non-Discrimination for Exercising Your PII Rights
You may contact us in order to exercise any of your rights set forth in this privacy notice by calling this toll-free number (+1 (800) 858-0813) or sending an email to DSAR@worksoft.com.
Data Security
We are committed to protecting your PII from unauthorized access and use. To help protect your PII, we implement and maintain appropriate technical, physical, and administrative safeguards. Access to your PII is restricted solely to those employees who need to know that information to provide our services to you. Our employees receive training to maintain the confidentiality, privacy, and security of your PII.
Our Website and Your PII
Visiting and navigating our website will likely involve some form of usage of your PII. This section details the methods and permissions involved.
Consent to Using Your PII
By visiting our website or completing any of our online forms, you consent to our storing and using your PII for the reasons provided in this notice. You also consent to our using it to reply to your request as well as to contact you in the future, whether at your request, to provide you with additional information.
Note that we might also be required to comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations to record and maintain certain PII from you by (e.g., recording telephone calls or monitoring email and other network traffic).
Without some of this information we cannot provide you with the services you may request. If you are currently receiving information or marketing communications from us, however, you may opt-out of receiving further communications at any time.
Use of Cookies
Some of the PII we collect is obtained through the use of third-party automated collection tools on our website(s), such as cookies or web beacons that capture information sent from your web browser to our website. Information that is collected includes your IP address, the website address that you were at before landing at our website, and information such as the pages you clicked through while at our website. This information is collected to improve your experience and offer services to you.
When you first visit our website(s), you are asked if you agree to our use of cookies. You may agree and opt-in, or refuse and opt-out. By visiting our website(s), you agree to our use of cookies. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate browser setting. If you opt-out, please note that your experience using the site may not be optimal. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Worksoft web site, you will not experience a personalized visit and may not be able to access certain screens or subscribe to certain offerings on the site. Learn more about the cookies we use.
PII from Minors
We do not offer services and products to minors and do not intend to collect PII from children under the age of 13. We follow all local legal requirements with respect to the collection and processing of a minor’s PII.
Links on Worksoft.com
For convenience Worksoft may provide links to other web sites. Worksoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of the owners of those web sites or for any content on those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted by the web site owner if you choose to visit any of these web sites.
Advertising on Worksoft.com
Worksoft on occasion may allow others to advertise on Worksoft.com. Such advertisers may collect PII, and may share it with us, and in that case the information we receive will be subject to these Worksoft privacy practices. However, Worksoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of the advertisers. If you wish to restrict an advertiser’s use or further disclosure of your PII, you must visit their web site and follow any steps outlined there for protection of your privacy.
How to Unsubscribe from Email Communications
To unsubscribe from marketing emails or event notifications, click on “Unsubscribe” in any of our mailing. This will remove you from our mailing list for all future mailings.
Public Postings
If you disclose your PII online in a community area, that information can be collected and used by others in the community. Worksoft has no control over such use of your PII, even if the community area you used is, or appears to be, associated with Worksoft – for example, a Worksoft bulletin board.
Notification of Changes
Worksoft will occasionally update this Privacy Notice. When we do, we will change the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. You agree to visit this site from time to time to review the current applicable policies.
Worksoft EU Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to the extent that the European Union General Data Protection (GDPR) Legislation applies to the processing of personal information by an Authorised Entity or to the extent that a data subject is a resident of the European Union (“EU”).
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a sweeping piece of legislation that grants EU residents increased control over their personal information. The GDPR allows consumers to access their personal information and find out details of how that data is processed, to rectify inaccurate personal information, to have their data erased (when certain conditions are met), to restrict processing of their data, and more. It requires affected companies to create processes to comply with and facilitate consumer data requests, to update their privacy policies, and to ensure that personal information is secured.
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices for Worksoft Inc. (“Worksoft”) and for its web site (www.worksoft.com) and localized versions of that site, including the type of personal information collected and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. This Privacy Notice also provides the details you need to understand your rights under the GDPR, how to exercise those rights, and the contact information you need to take action regarding the privacy of your data. Worksoft is committed to protecting your privacy. Regardless of the nature or source of your personal information in our possession, Worksoft will use that information solely for internal business purposes. We will not sell your personal information. If we share your personal information with third parties performing services for us, or acting on our behalf, we will not allow them to use your information for other purposes, and we will contractually require them to protect your information. If you access this web site from a country in the European Union, all personal information you supply to Worksoft will be treated in accordance with the EU Data Protection Legislation and applicable national laws.
Definitions
Various laws and regulations (including the GDPR) use different terms and definitions for information about individuals that is personal and should be protected. Some laws and regulations consider only very limited types of information to be protected and private. Others include much broader categories.
“Personal information” refers to any information that could be used, alone or in combination with other data, to identify you as an individual. This includes information that can be linked with identifiable information from other sources, or from which other personal information can easily be derived.
Examples of personal information include, but are not limited to:
Name
Personal email address
Cell phone number
Account information
Employee ID
Job history and education
Marital status
Date of birth with year
Salary and bonus information
IP Address
“Data subject” refers to a person who can be identified, whether directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
“Data processing” refers to the collection, use, protection, transfer, storage, alteration, disclosure, sharing, or disposal of personal information
Lawful Bases for Processing
Our collection and use of your Personal Information is lawful.
We rely on performance of a contract, and/or legitimate interest to establish a legal basis for processing. We collect and process your Personal Information for a legitimate interest that does not override your rights and freedoms. Where we do seek to rely on legitimate interest:
The purpose of the processing must be legitimate
The method or specific technology must be necessary for our legitimate interests
The processing must be proportionate to the business needs or purpose and implemented in the least intrusive manner possible
From time to time, an Authorised Entity may need to process the personal information on other legal bases, including: with consent; to comply with a legal obligation; if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of other data subjects; or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Types of Personal Information We Collect
Worksoft may come into possession of your personal information through a variety of means, both active and passive. In general, you can visit this site without telling us who you are or disclosing personal information about yourself; only the name of the domain from which you access the Internet as well as the Internet address and the date and time you access this web site are logged. Personal Information collected through www.worksoft.com is generally limited to your name, contact information, job title, and areas of job responsibility, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested. The types of Personal Information collected is listed below:
First and last name
Contact information such as email and phone number
Business association and job title
Device identification
Time Zone
Purposes for Collecting Your Personal Information
When you provide personal information or data to Worksoft, you have entered a business relationship with Worksoft and are consenting to the use of that data by Worksoft and its applicable worldwide affiliated companies, as stated in this Privacy Statement. We request personal information for a variety of purposes throughout your interaction with Worksoft.
When you are registering to receive information such as a white papers, webinars, or videos;
When you enter a contest or sign up for an event or training;
When you download or purchase Worksoft products;
When you contact customer support, such as through an e-mail message;
Worksoft uses the information to analyze trends as well as measure the number of visitors to different parts of this site and how much time they spend there, to help us make the site more useful to visitors;
Provide you with periodic information you agreed to receive about Worksoft products, services, and events;
Allow you to purchase and/or download products and/or receive support or other services for Worksoft solutions;
Contact you to discuss your specific needs and / or the resources you have requested access to on the Worksoft website;
Deliver information regarding products or services that you request or purchase;
Gather demographic information about web site visitor trends;
Insure our web site is relevant to your needs;
Alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Worksoft, unless you have opted out of this use;
Worksoft may send out periodic e-mails informing you of a technical service or security issues related to a product or service you have requested or purchased or confirming your request or purchase of a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
When you request a quote from Worksoft
Sharing Your PII
Your PII may be combined with information we receive from other sources, or it may be provided to other organizations we work with. This section details that sharing of your PII.
Receiving PII from Third Parties
We may receive information about you from other sources and combine that information with the PII we collect directly from you. For example, we may receive payment information from the organization you use to pay us in order to correct our records.
Sharing PII with Third Parties
We will not sell your PII. If we share your PII with third parties performing services for us, or acting on our behalf, we will not allow them to use your information for other purposes, and we will contractually require them to protect your information.
We may share your PII with our affiliates, business partners, and other third parties. We may do so for the purposes of operating our business, delivering and improving the financial services we provide to you, as well as for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law such as sending marketing and other communications related to our business.
We also share personal information for a variety of additional purposes including, but not limited to:
Within Worksoft and our affiliates and subsidiaries for data processing or storage purpose
With business partners and suppliers to provide services and help facilitate transactions including processing orders, event registrations, data storage, marketing communications and customer support
In response to a request from law enforcement, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or to meet national security requirements
For any purposes other than which the PII was collected (and other than for the exceptions listed here) only after we have provided you notice and received your consent to share the information for that purpose
Transfer of Personal Information from the EU (or EEA, Switzerland) to the US and/or Other Countries
Your personal information may be transferred, processed and/or stored in a country other than the one in which your personal information is collected. When transferring your personal information to the US or other countries, we have implemented procedures to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the personal information regardless of where it is being transferred to.
Your EU Data Subject Rights
The GDPR and other national privacy laws provide data subjects with certain rights regarding their personal data.
If you are an individual who resides in the EU and whose personal data is collected and processed by Worksoft, you have the right to:
Request access to your data
Rectify your data
Take your data (in a readable, “portable” format) to another service provider
Erase your personal data
Restrict or object to the processing of your personal data
Lodge a complaint with a Member State Supervisory Authority
Withdraw previously given consent to collect and process personal data (which will not impact personal data processed before the withdrawal)
You may contact us in order to exercise any of your rights set forth in this privacy notice by sending an email to info@worksoft.com.
Use of Cookies
Some of the PII we collect is obtained through the use of third-party automated collection tools on our website(s), such as cookies or web beacons that capture information sent from your web browser to our website. Information that is collected includes your IP address, the website address that you were at before landing at our website, and information such as the pages you clicked through while at our website. This information is collected to improve your experience and offer services to you.
When you first visit our website(s), you are asked if you agree to our use of cookies. You may agree and opt-in, or refuse and opt-out. By visiting our website(s), you agree to our use of cookies. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate browser setting. If you opt-out, please note that your experience using the site may not be optimal. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Worksoft web site, you will not experience a personalized visit and may not be able to access certain screens or subscribe to certain offerings on the site. Learn more about the cookies we use.
Personal Information from Minors
We do not offer services and products to minors and do not intend to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. We follow all local legal requirements with respect to the collection and processing of a minor’s personal information.
Links on Worksoft.com
For convenience Worksoft may provide links to other web sites. Worksoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of the owners of those web sites or for any content on those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted by the web site owner if you choose to visit any of these web sites.
Advertising on Worksoft.com
Worksoft on occasion may allow others to advertise on Worksoft.com. Such advertisers may collect personal information, and may share it with us, and in that case the information we receive will be subject to these Worksoft privacy practices. However, Worksoft is not responsible for the privacy practices of the advertisers. If you wish to restrict an advertiser’s use or further disclosure of your personal information, you must visit their web site and follow any steps outlined there for protection of your privacy.
How to Unsubscribe from Email Communications
To unsubscribe from marketing emails or event notifications, click on “Unsubscribe” in any of our mailing. This will remove you from our mailing list for all future mailings.
Public Postings
If you disclose your personal information online in a community area, that information can be collected and used by others in the community. Worksoft has no control over such use of your personal information, even if the community area you used is, or appears to be, associated with Worksoft – for example, a Worksoft bulletin board.
Notification of Changes
Worksoft will occasionally update this Privacy Notice. When we do, we will change the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. You agree to visit this site from time to time to review the current applicable policies.
Questions or comments regarding the Worksoft privacy statement should be directed by email to info@worksoft.com or by postal mail to Worksoft Inc., Attn: Internet Privacy Practices, 15851 Dallas Parkway Suite 855, Addison, Texas 75001.
This document was last updated December 19, 2019.
Experience Connective Automation
Accelerate project timelines, reduce risk, and increase efficiency withtrusted automation.
Stay Connected
Join Our Community
Products
Platform Overview
Worksoft Certify®
Worksoft Execution Manager
Worksoft Analyze®
Worksoft BPP
Worksoft Impact for SAP
Worksoft Impact for SAP Web Tech
About
Who We Are
Events
Press Releases
Contact Us
Careers
Contact
Contact Form
Request a Demo
+1 (972) 993-0400
info@worksoft.com
Support
+1 (800) 858-0813
support@worksoft.com
Customer Support
Customer Portal
Product Documentation
©2020 Worksoft, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Statement
Stay Connected
Join Our Community