http://www.boingo.com/legal/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Effective date: 05/26/2020
About Cookies
Boingo, Inc. (“Boingo”, “we” or “us”) and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to gather and analyze information about you and how you use our Services.
We put together this Cookie Policy to provide you with more information about these cookies and technologies.
Any terms we use in this Cookie Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in our
Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and EU Privacy Policy.
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript (collectively, “cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.
Types of Cookies We Use
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies. Essential cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies. Functional cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies. Performance/Analytical cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Services. They do this by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services. Performance/Analytical cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google Inc. (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies. Retargeting/Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you.
Cookie Settings
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookies feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all cookies that are already on your device. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about cookies, including information about how to manage and delete cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ if you are located in the European Union.
Now that you’ve read our entire Cookie Policy, try our Cookie Recipe. Snickerdoodles: You have the right to eat them all.
We use cookies to help provide a great user experience. By using Boingo.com, you accept our Cookie Policy. (If you’re a fan of snickerdoodles, our cookie policy also includes a great recipe.)