http://www.featurecam.com/campaigns/trade-in-perpetual/terms-and-conditions
Worldwide Sites
You have been detected as being from . Where applicable, you can see country-specific product information, offers, and pricing.
Change country/language
X
Free trials
Students and educators
Worldwide sites
FeatureCAM
FeatureCAM
Keyboard ALT + g to toggle grid overlay
Incentives Hub Overview: Default
Promo Data: ACDLT 5 FOR 4 BUNDLES
Countdown days:
Promo Data: DEC FLASH 2020
Countdown days:
ACH payment
Make parts faster with automated CAM software for CNC programming
Contact for pricing
Download free trial
Talk to our sales team. Financing options available. 1-855-612-9998
Overview
Fusion 360 with FeatureCAM gives you more
Discover Fusion 360 with FeatureCAM (video: 1:41 min.)
FeatureCAM overview (video: 2:03 min.)
Fusion 360 overview (video: 1:01 min.)
PartMaker overview (video: 1:45 min.)
Fusion Team overview (video: 1:10 min.)
HSMWorks machine simulation (video: 26 sec.)
-
Fusion 360 with FeatureCAM® gives you access to FeatureCAM Ultimate, PartMaker, Fusion 360, Fusion Team, and HSMWorks.
Get access to a single product development platform
Use a modern collaboration environment
Reduce programming times and increase consistency
See all features
System requirements:
Standardize CAM automation and promote repeatability
See how to produce consistent results (video: 1:36 min.)
FeatureCAM CNC programming software uses manufacturing knowledge to intelligently make decisions, produce results, and remove repetitive processes
Manufacturers can standardize best practices and quality standards, and promote repeatability between all employees using the same setup
FeatureCAM offers comprehensive machine support
Program mills, lathes, turn-mills, and more (video: 1:17 min.)
Use a single interface for all your CNC applications
Get more from 3-axis to 5-axis mills, lathes, turn-mill centers, Swiss lathes, and wire EDMs
Use simulation tools to visualize programming within your machining envelope
Attend local events
More FeatureCAM resources
Workflows
See how Fusion 360 works with FeatureCAM
Rapid fixture creation
Use Fusion 360’s comprehensive 3D CAD tools to design fixtures for FeatureCAM machining projects. (video: 1:07 min.)
Watch video
Accurate machine simulation
Generate accurate representations of your turning tools for machining simulation for your programming outputs. (video: 1:05 min.)
Watch video
Team collaboration
Communicate across teams to maximize design and manufacturing profitability. (video: 1:04 min.)
Watch video
See how people are using FeatureCAM
Bright Engineering
Driving efficiencies to win more business
Discover how this engineering firm cut down programming bottlenecks and improved programming times by as much as 50%.
Read story
Frontier Technologies
Achieving design specifications faster
See how this parts manufacturer for the energy industry uses FeatureCAM 5-axis toolpaths to reduce machine setups. Feature recognition enables faster programming. (video: 1:33 min.)
Watch video
PRECINOV
Reducing cost with high-efficiency toolpaths
See how this producer of complex parts for optomechanics, fiber optics, and lasers uses FeatureCAM and Vortex toolpaths to reduce programming time, tool wear, and cost. (video: 2:01 min.)
Watch video
Buy
Talk to our sales team. Financing options available. 1-855-612-9998
Product name
Platform
Product name
Term
Monthly
$000.00
1 Year
$000.00
3 Year
$000.00
Pricing shown for stand-alone single-user license
Product name
Quantity
Total
$000.00 / 1 Year
Total price text
Add to cart
30-day money back guarantee
Autodesk logo
icon-svg-close
Operational notice
Click on the “Continue” button and you will leave the Autodesk website and enter the online store operated by Digital River Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and its affiliated company Digital River Ireland. Digital River Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is an authorized dealer of Autodesk Software (China) Co., Ltd.
Continue
What’s included in your Standard plan
Reporting:
Product usage reporting
See an aggregate summary of how many people are using each product and version, and the overall frequency of use.
Administration & Security:
2-step verification
Add another layer of security to user accounts.
Bulk import & assign
Upload a .csv file to add and assign a large number of users at once.
Support & Adoption Services:
8x5 live support
Contact an Autodesk specialist for help during your local business hours.
Collaboration:
Autodesk Drive
Securely store, preview, and share design data.
Shared views
Quickly and securely share work with stakeholders.
Click here to see full list of plan features and frequently asked questions.
System requirements
Available languages
Services Marketplace
Need help with training, implementation, and other support to get the most out of your software? Hiring the right qualified professional is as simple as an online search.
Visit the Autodesk Services Marketplace to find Autodesk-approved professionals to help you with:
Training and implementation
Systems integration
Business process and workflow optimization
BIM services and much more
Note: Any service contracted with providers is a direct, paid engagement between customers and providers.
Legal terms and conditions
Legal disclosures
Autodesk makes software and services available on a licensed or subscription basis. Rights to install, access, or otherwise use Autodesk software and services (including free software or services) are limited to license rights and services entitlements expressly granted by Autodesk in the applicable license or service agreement and are subject to acceptance of and compliance with all terms and conditions of that agreement. When you subscribe to a plan, it may renew automatically for a fixed fee on a monthly or annual basis, subject to availability. All benefits and purchase options may not be available for all software or services in all languages and/or geographies. Access to cloud services requires an Internet connection and is subject to any geographical restrictions set forth in the Terms of Service.
Trade in Perpetual License Offer
For industry collections or qualifying individual products, customers can save up to 20% on the Autodesk Suggested Retail Price (SRP) for eligible 3-year term subscriptions with single-user access, or up to 15% on the SRP for eligible 1-year term subscriptions with single-user access.
An eligible serial number, and corresponding perpetual license must be submitted for this offer.
Eligible serial numbers and associated seats must be perpetual licenses release year 1998-2021 not on active maintenance plan.
Qualifying Autodesk LT Family product licenses are eligible to be submitted for LT Family product subscriptions only.
Customer agrees to discontinue use of submitted perpetual licenses.
Offer available from November 7, 2020 until January 22, 2021 in the United States, Canada, and Latin America. Offer may not be combined with other promotions.
Educational licenses including new, upgrades and migrations, and education-to-commercial transfers do not qualify.
For full product lists, details and restrictions visit www.autodesk.com/campaigns/trade-in-perpetual/terms-and-conditions.
AUTODESK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL, SUSPEND OR MODIFY PART OR THIS ENTIRE PROMOTION AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, FOR ANY REASON IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. PRICES FOR AUTODESK SOFTWARE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND MAY VARY BY COUNTRY. This offer is available for commercial copies only from November 7 through January 22, 2020 and may not be combined with other rebates or promotions and is void where prohibited or restricted by law. This offer cannot be combined with any conditions or discounts provided by Autodesk to contracted accounts, including but not limited to accounts with enterprise business agreements, volume purchase agreements, or accounts purchasing extra territory rights. Autodesk makes software and services available on a licensed or subscription basis. Rights to install, access, or otherwise use Autodesk software and services (including free software or services) are limited to license rights and services entitlements expressly granted by Autodesk in the applicable license or service agreement and are subject to acceptance of and compliance with all terms and conditions of that agreement. When you subscribe to a plan, it may renew automatically for a fixed fee on a monthly or annual basis, subject to availability. All benefits and purchase options may not be available for all software or services in all languages and/or geographies.
Access to cloud services requires an Internet connection and is subject to any geographical restrictions set forth in the Terms of Service.
All subscription benefits may not be available for all products or services in all languages and/or geographies. Subscription programs are subject to the applicable Autodesk subscription terms and conditions and/or Autodesk Terms of Service.
The Suggested Retail Price (SRP) shown is Autodesk’s suggested retail price. The SRP does not include any allowance or provision for installation and does not include taxes. Autodesk reserves the right to alter the SRP, product offerings, and specification of its products and services at any time without notice, and is not responsible for typographical, graphical, or other errors that may appear on this site.
Autodesk, the Autodesk logo, AutodCAD, AutoCAD LT, 3ds Max, ArtCAM, Civil 3D, FeatureCAM, Fusion, Fusion 360, Infraworks, Inventor, Inventor LT, Maya, Maya LT, MotionBuilder, Navisworks, PowerInspect, PowerMill, PowerShape, Revit, Revit LT, Robot, Showcase, are registered trademarks or trademarks of Autodesk, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in the USA and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective holders. Autodesk reserves the right to alter product and services offerings, and specifications and pricing at any time without notice, and is not responsible for typographical or graphical errors that may appear in this document.
© 2020 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved
Download Free Trial
FeatureCAM free trial
You can’t download this trial on a mobile device, but you can email yourself a reminder to download it later on your computer.
Protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Send
FeatureCAM free trial
ALERT:
A trial download is not available for your operating system.
FeatureCAM free trial
email-sent-icon
Thank you. An email is on its way.
FeatureCAM free trial
Select your trial
Which product would you like to try?
Next
FeatureCAM free trial
Here are a few things to know before you start the download:
AVAILABLE PLATFORMS
See system requirements
TRIAL FILE SIZE (estimated maximum)
6 GB
RECOMMENDED
10 Mbps Internet connection. Turn off all active applications, including virus checking software
NEED HELP?
Get more tips for successful downloading
Next
FeatureCAM free trial
Start Over
Let's get started
Start a trial
Get full access to all capabilities and features free for 30 days.
Operating system:
Choose your operating system:
This software may not be compatible with your operating system, but you can download it for installation on a different machine.
Choose your language:
Good news
Autodesk provides software for students and educators worldwide. Free educational access is only for educational purposes. For-profit use requires a paid subscription plan.Get verified for educational access to Autodesk productsConfirm your eligibility with SheerID today.
Download Fusion 360 for personal, hobby use.
Get a free, limited version of Fusion 360 for home-based, non-commercial projects.Need full features and functionality?Choose 'A business user' and get a free 30-day trial of Fusion 360.
Next
GO TO EDUCATION COMMUNITY
FeatureCAM free trial
Start Over
FeatureCAM free trial
Start Over
Phone number verfication
To help verify your account, a unique code will be sent to your phone.
Enter phone number
Country Code
Select verification method
VOICE (CALL)
SMS (TEXT)
Enter code sent to phone number ending with
| Resend
Code is valid for 10 minutes
VERIFY
• Code is incorrect, please retry
FeatureCAM free trial
Start Over
Tell us about your company:
All fields are required unless noted.
Please select your country of residence:
This helps us give you the correct trial terms. Some countries require us to provide country-specific terms based on where you live.
• This field is required
• This field is required
Protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
BEGIN DOWNLOAD
Need another way to download?
Use Download Manager
Download Manager lets you download an installation package with automatic download resumption after connection interruptions. You can then install the software without further Internet connection.
FeatureCAM free trial
Your download has started.
trials_flow_browser_infographic_03-01-17
This may take a while. Might we suggest coffee (not included)?
When complete, locate the file on your computer.
Run the install to start your trial.
Having problems?
Check out the trial help page.
ADLM Error
Please check ADLM page.
//value = template=/etc/designs/autodesk/adsk-design/images/VideoPlayer_var.swf&source=https://videos.autodesk.com/zencoder/content/dam/autodesk/www/products/infraworks-360/images/misc/infraworks-360-overview-video-896x504.flv
//flashvars = template=/etc/designs/autodesk/adsk-design/images/VideoPlayer_var.swf&source=https://videos.autodesk.com/zencoder/content/dam/autodesk/www/products/infraworks-360/images/misc/infraworks-360-overview-video-896x504.flv
of
FOLLOW AUTODESK
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
All social media
Worldwide sites
Worldwide sites
Products
Free product trials
3D CAD software
3D modeling
3D animation
Civil engineering
Drafting
Manufacturing
Product design
Find by industry
Industry collections
Buying
Special offers
Manage your account
Help with buying
Download your software
Returns & refunds
Renewal options
Autodesk Financing
Compare plans
Support & Learning
COVID-19 Resource Center
Product support
Software installation, registration & licensing
Updates & service packs
System requirements
Students & educators
Autodesk University
Conferences & events
Training
Certification
Autodesk Services Marketplace
Autodesk
Autodesk is a leader in 3D design, engineering and entertainment software.
About us
Careers
Contact us
Investor relations
Trust center
Newsroom
Suppliers
Affiliate Program
Referral Program
Privacy settings | Privacy/Cookies | About our Ads | Legal | Report Noncompliance | Site map | © 2020 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved