https://www.webtekcc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Looking after your personal information is our priority. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. This Statement of Privacy applies to this website and governs potential data collection and usage. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using this website, you approve to the policy and practices described on this page.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
WebTek is the solo owner of the information obtained on this site. We have the right to information that you voluntarily give us via contact form or other direct contact from you. We will not share or lease this information to anyone.
We will use your contact info to respond to you, regarding the reason you reached out to us. We will not share your information with any party outside of our team, other than as necessary to complete your request.
Unless you communicate us not to, we might contact you via email down the road to tell you about promotions, new products or services, or changes to our policy. You have the right to opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider installs on to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites systems to notice your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We could use cookies to keep track of advertisements and collect aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site interaction and tools down the road. We may contract with third-party service providers, such as Google, to help us in better understanding our site visitors and to show our ads across the internet.
If you don’t want a website to create a cookie on your computer, most web browsers provide the option to block them. Understand, our website may not function properly if you turn off cookies.
Cookies are used for our website partners to conduct behavioral targeting which will keep showing you our ads based on the idea you are interested in our products because you frequented our site. Visiting NAI website will allow users to opt-out of cookie-enabled internet-based advertising.
Consent
By browsing around our website, you consent to our privacy policy. WebTek may make changes to this site and revise these conditions/terms at any time.
Website
This website has been designed and is maintained by WebTek Computer Company. WebTek specializes in Internet marketing in Lancaster PA. If you have any comments about this website, contact WebTek directly through our website www.webtekcc.com, by phone at (717) 859-3250, or at our office located at 100 South 7th Street Akron, PA 17501.
Updates
This policy may get revised from time to time and all changes will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we’re not following this privacy policy, please contact us.