https://www.webserver.com.my/privacy-and-statement/
Privacy policy for WebServer.com.my - Malaysia web hosting services
Privacy and Statement
Contact Us
Office Hour:+603 2770 2833Extended:+603 2770 2803Email:sales@webserver.com.myTechnical Support:support@webserver.com.my
Close Support
Support
Statement of Anonymity & Non Competition
WebServer agrees not to divulge ourselves as your source for Web hosting. We value our resellers and will not contact or solicit the Reseller’s customers. WebServer may be listed in the DNS registry’s Whois database as the Zone Contact and/or as the authoritative name server for the domain. Reseller will be listed as the Administrative, Technical or Billing Contact. However, if the reseller’s customer contacts WebServer due to a lack or service or performance by Reseller, we will not refuse the customer support or service. We believe this policy best protects the customer and provides uninterrupted service.
WebServer is committed to first-rate customer service. We provide 24/7 phone support. However, the fastest way to contact our technical support department is via our email at support@webserver.com.my to open an online trouble ticket.
Private Policy
While information is the cornerstone of our ability to provide superior service, our most important asset is our customers’ trust. Keeping customer information secure, and using it only as our customers would want us to is a top priority for all of us at WebServer.
We will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, any information our customers share with us.
We will limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service to our customers, which includes advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business.
We will permit only authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of customer information, to have access to that information. Employees who violate our Privacy Policy will be subject to our normal disciplinary process.
We will not reveal customer information to any external organization unless we have previously informed the customer in disclosures or agreements, have been authorized by the customer, or are required by law.
We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of our customer information.
Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services, we will require them to conform to our privacy standards.
For the purposes of credit reporting, verification and risk management, we will exchange information about our customers with reputable reference sources and clearinghouse services.
We will attempt to keep customer files complete, up to date, and accurate. We will tell our customers how and where to conveniently access their account information (except when we’re prohibited by law) and how to notify us about errors which we will promptly correct.