http://www.cornerstar.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Overview
CornerStar is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users who visit our web site, located at www.cornerstar.com. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this web site collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we will protect any personal information you choose to provide us.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to CornerStar at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or by contacting CornerStar:
CornerStar Inc10145 NW Ash StreetPortland, OR 97229Phone: 503 928 8112
The information gathered by CornerStar from our web site falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our website and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our site.
Web Visit Logs
Our web site routinely collects and stores information from online visitors. This information includes: a registered user's username, the pages visited on the site; the date and time of the visit; the internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site; the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred; the version of browser used; the capabilities of the browser; and the search terms used on our search engines. This information is used solely to help us manage the site, improve service and understand usage patterns.
Network Traffic Logs
In the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for all users, CornerStar employs software programs to do such things as, monitor network traffic, identify unauthorized access or access to nonpublic information, detect computer viruses and other software that might damage CornerStar computers or the network, and monitor and tune the performance of the CornerStar network. In the course of such monitoring, these programs may detect such information as e-mail headers, addresses from network packets, and other information. Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of maintaining the security and performance of CornerStar networks and computer systems. Personally identifiable information from these activities is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law.
External Links
CornerStar may include links to other websites whose privacy policies we do not control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.
Information Storage
All information gathered on our web site is securely stored within the CornerStar-controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
In the course of using this web site, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Requests for information may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests. We will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent, except to the extent required by law.
Policy Updates
The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes before they take effect.