http://www.sentai.com/a/store-policy
Loading...
×
Shop
Pre-Orders
New Releases
Limited Edition
Merchandise
Gift Cards
All Products
Discover
Catalog
Theatrical
News
×
Your Cart
Complimentary 30 Days of HIDIVE
FREE
*A promo code will be sent via email following checkout.
Your cart is empty.
Total:
Shipping and discounts are calculated at checkout.
Checkout
Want More Anime? Of Course You Do.
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Birthday
Let us know what interests you!
News & Announcements
Sales & Promotions
Product Updates, New Releases & More
Marketing Permissions
Please confirm that you would like to hear from Sentai Filmworks via:
Email
By clicking "Subscribe", you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Store Policy
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE SENTAI® STORE ORDERS
How long will it take to get my order?
Why has my pre-order not shipped out yet?
Can I have my order shipped to a different country?
Are there additional fees associated with shipping to Canada?
What regions are your Blu-rays and DVDs encoded for?
I ordered something, but I want to cancel.
Why was my order canceled?
How can I track my order?
The item I ordered is on back order. How do I find the ETA?
When will I be billed for a preorder?
Can I deactivate my account?
How many coupon codes can I use?
Where is my order fulfilled from?
Why doesn’t my order qualify for free shipping?
Damaged or Defective item Exchanges
Unopened Products Returns
Refunds
Late or Missing Refunds
Gifts
Sale items
Drop-ship and Consignment
HIDIVE promo code
METHODS OF PAYMENT AND TAXES
Taxes
Are the shipping fees refundable?
What types of payments do you accept?
I want to purchase a gift card. How can I use it?
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE SENTAI® STORE ORDERS
How long will it take to get my order?
Orders are processed Monday through Friday; excluding major holidays. Standard processing time is approximately 1 to 2 business days starting the day after your order was placed. Processing & fulfillment times may vary due to inventory constraints on orders containing back-orders, pre-orders, or out of stock items. During select holidays or sales events, processing times may exceed the standard 1 to 2 business days due to higher order volume. Your order will be processed in the sequential order in which it was received. Once your order has been processed and fulfilled, tracking information will be sent to you via email. Most orders should ship within 4-6 business days of being placed.
Canadian Customers
Orders being shipped to Canada are held until all of the items in the order are in-stock and can be fulfilled together. Processing times may exceed 3 days during select holidays or sales events due to high volume. Your order will be processed in the sequential order in which it was received. Once your order is processed and ready to ship, typical delivery time is 3 weeks or less but may take additional time due to customs.
Why has my pre-order not shipped out yet?
Please be aware that if your order contains multiple pre-ordered items, your order may be held until all items are in-stock and can be shipped together. This may result in select items being received outside of their listed street date. However, should your order be held up by one or two items for an extended period, we will, at our discretion and at no additional expense to you, ship all items that are currently available.
Can I have my order shipped to a different country
At this time we are only shipping within the United States (Including APO (AA, AE, AP), GU, MH, MP, PR, PW and VI) & Canada.
Are there additional fees associated with shipping to Canada?
Shipping companies may charge a fee for delivering your package to a foreign country. Such fees, taxes, and customs duties are not included in our shipping price, and are your responsibility. We will not be responsible for seized shipments, and cannot provide refunds for seized products. Please check to make sure you are in compliance with all local laws if you are ordering a product(s).
What regions are your Blu-rays and DVDs encoded for?
All of our Blu-ray’s are encoded for region A/1. All of our DVDs are encoded for region 1.
I ordered something, but I want to cancel it.
Please contact customer
support for assistance related to your order. Once an order is purchased, it is automatically sent to our fulfillment center for dispatch. We will make every effort to cancel your order. In the event we are unable to cancel your order however, you will be responsible for shipping
charges if the item(s) need to be returned. Please select carefully when checking out.
Why was my order canceled?
We reserve the right to block access to or cancel an order of any user that we believe, in our sole and absolute
discretion: (i) is or is associated with a reseller, (ii) is utilizing automated means to process or place
orders, (iii) whose order reflects product pricing errors, technical problems or mistakes, or (iv) whose order
exceeds any stated limit on discounts, quantity or which violates other restrictions and exclusions.
How can I track my order?
As soon as you place an order, you will receive an email confirming your purchase. If you do not receive a
confirmation email, please check your spam folder and the spelling of the email address associated with your
Sentai Shop account. Once your order has shipped, we will send you an email confirmation with the tracking
number to the email address associated with your order.
The item I ordered is on back order. How do I find the ETA?
You can check the ETA status for all back ordered items by visiting our Back Order Status Page. Please be aware that restock Etas are subject to change. You will receive an email with shipping confirmation and tracking once your order ships.
When will I be billed for a preorder?
For your security we do not store credit card information. This prevents us from being able to store and charge a
credit card at a future date. As a result, you will be charged for a preorder at the time that you submit your
request for purchase.
Can I deactivate my account?
If you would like to deactivate your account, please contact customer
support for assistance.
How many coupon codes can I use?
You may only use one coupon per order.
Where is my order fulfilled from?
All of our orders may be fulfilled by 3rd Party fulfillment centers or The Right Stuf.
Why doesn’t my order qualify for free shipping?
To qualify for free US shipping, orders must meet the minimum purchase threshold as advertised. Offer excludes any order(s) being shipped outside of the contiguous United States. This includes the following locations: Alaska, American Samoa, Federated States of Micronesia, Guam, Hawaii, Marshall Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Palau, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands.
RETURN POLICY
Damaged or Defective item Exchange
We make every effort to ensure that your orders arrive in perfect condition, however, if you need to exchange an
item that is damaged or defective, send an email to support@sentaifilmworks.com with supporting pictures of your
damaged or defective item(s). Please note that your defective item must be reported within
30 days of the delivery date as indicated by the tracking number for the applicable order.
A support rep will review your information. Upon the approval of your exchange
request, the support rep may provide you with a prepaid shipping label. Please include the Return Form with your
return to ensure timely processing. Send your return to Sentai® Returns 10114 W Sam Houston Pkwy S,
Houston, TX 77099-5109 using USPS shipping options. Product exchanges may take up to 10 business days to process
and reship.
Unopened Products Returns
Unopened merchandise purchased through our website must be in its original condition and must be returned within
30 days of the delivery date as indicated by the tracking number for the applicable order. Except for item exchanges involving defective items or items damaged items during the shipping process, you will be responsible for paying any associated shipping
costs for returning your item(s) for a refund. We will not provide reimbursement for any unauthorized
postage charges that you may incur unless otherwise specified. Please note that any refunds that result in the
original order falling below the free shipping threshold will result in your refund being reduced by the
shipping amount . Please include the Return Form with your
return to ensure timely processing. Send your return to Sentai® Returns 10114 W Sam Houston Pkwy S,
Houston, TX 77099-5109 using USPS shipping options.
Refunds
All refunds will be issued back to the original form of payment used. Please allow up to 5 business days from
when we receive your return to process a refund. You will receive an email once your refund has been processed.
Once processed your funds will typically be available within 3-5 business days in accordance with your financial
institutions policies.
Late or Missing Refunds
If you have not received a refund within 3-5 business days of receiving a refund email confirmation, first check
your bank statement again. Next contact your credit card company or Paypal; it may take some additional time
before your refund is officially posted. If you have completed these steps, please contact us at support@sentaifilmworks.com.
GIFTS
Merchandise received as a gift can be returned with an accompanying receipt/invoice. A refund can be issued to
the person who purchased the gift through their original method of payment. Alternatively, an online store
credit can be issued to the person who received the gift. To receive an online store credit, please include the
email address that you would like the online credit sent to in the comments section of your Return Form.
FINAL SALE ITEMS ARE NOT RETURNABLE
Several types of goods are exempt from being returned. Perishable goods such as food cannot be returned. Intimate
apparel such as underwear and swimming apparel cannot be returned. Items designated “Final Sale” cannot be
returned for any reason.
ADDITIONAL ITEMS THAT ARE NOT RETURNABLE
Gift cards
Downloadable software products
Book with obvious signs of usage
CD’s, DVD’s, Blu-ray® Discs, software, video games or vinyl records that have been opened
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged, or missing parts for reasons not due to our error
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after it was delivered
DROP-SHIP AND CONSIGNMENT GOODS
We reserve the right to furnish products from third parties and have them delivered directly from those sources.
Drop ship consignment vendors have the right to remain anonymous and silent parties to our sale. Returns and
exchanges of drop shop and consignment goods must be arranged through Sentai and not our third-party
affiliates. Any attempt to contact these sources will result in a final sale with no warranty (as-is).
METHODS OF PAYMENT AND TAXES
Sales Tax
: We are required to collect sales tax on merchandise being shipped to Texas.
Shipping and Handling Tax: We are required to collect shipping and handling taxes on merchandise
shipped to Texas.
Are the shipping fees refundable?
Shipping costs incurred for exchanges are non-refundable. If you are returning a damaged or defective item,
we will absorb the costs.
What types of payments do you accept?
We accept all major credit cards, Paypal, and your first-born Otaku.
I want to purchase a gift card. How can I use it?
Sentai Gift cards can be purchased in $10, $25, $50, and $100 increments. They are associated with unique codes
and cannot be recharged after purchase.
Codes will be delivered electronically to a recipient email address you designate at the time of
purchase. To redeem their code, recipients must create a Sentai store account.
Use of the Sentai store accounts and the Sentai store services are governed by our
Terms of Use available HERE. For information about our policies and practice
regarding the collection and use of customer information, please read Sentai Privacy Policy
available HERE.
Gift cards expire unless redeemed within 12 months following the date of purchase. They have no cash
value. Don’t try buying stamps, or snack items or airline tickets with our gift codes. They
don’t work that way. And, you may receive an unwelcome reaction. They can’t be exchanged for
cash or anything else.
Gift codes should be treated with care. Handle them like cash, passwords, “artistic photos“
and fuzzy baby bunnies because some creep might steal them and use them for malevolent purposes. You and
your recipient are entirely responsible for anything that happens to your code after we send it to you.
So be careful!
Once purchased, they can’t be un-purchased unless required by law. In other words, there are no
returns or refunds even if the card is never redeemed. Likewise, once a user redeems a gift card, it
can’t be revoked or used by anyone else. Each unique code may only be redeemed once.
- of --
Loading...
Loading...
OK
×
Added To Cart!