http://www.rightnow.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Privacy @ Oracle | Oracle
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Oracle Legal
Legal Notices
Privacy
Terms of Use
Copyright
Trademarks
Logos
Pay Transparency
Department of Labor Notices
Overview
General
Services
Recruiting
Data Cloud
AddThis
Dyn
Choices
Privacy @ Oracle
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business:
The Oracle General Privacy Policy addresses information we collect in connection with your use of our websites and mobile applications, your interactions with Oracle and in the context of our offline sales and marketing activities, including Profit Magazine and Oracle Magazine.
The Services Privacy Policy describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-)users of these services with Oracle systems and networks.
The Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle's online and offline recruiting efforts.
The Oracle Data Cloud Privacy Policy addresses how Oracle facilitates the collection and use of marketing and interest-based information to help enable interest-based advertising by Oracle’s Marketing and Data Cloud customers.
The AddThis Privacy Policy informs consumers about the collection, use and sharing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the AddThis Tools and Toolbar.
The Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn’s Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons.
If you would like to exercise your preferences or learn more about how you can control Oracle’s collection and use of your personal information, please refer to the ‘What are your Choices?’ section in each of these policies or to the Privacy Choices tab.
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers