https://www.virtual360.net/privacy/
Privacy policy statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy during your visits to the web site and recognise our responsibility to keep the information you provide to us confidential at all times.
We protect your personal information on the Internet to an equivalent high standard to that you experience through any other channels through which we may interact with you, such as in person or on the telephone.
Your personal information will not be disclosed to other companies except in circumstances advised to you at the time you apply for a product or service.
If you are currently receiving our newsletter and no longer wish to do so, please email us with ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject and we will remove you from our listing.
Your Information On-line
1. Cookies A ‘cookie’ is information that a web site stores on your computer so that it can remember something about you at a later time. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your system.
The cookies used on the Virtual360 website do not include any information that others could read and understand about you, such as your name or account numbers.
We currently use a combination of first party, third party, permanent and temporary cookies in the following way: To collate general management information which is used to plan enhancements to our services and tailor aspects of the site functionality for individual visitors.
We do not share information with other companies that use the same third party tracking codes. If you do not want us to use cookies when you visit the Virtual360 website, you can configure your browser not to accept them or opt-out. Please refer to your browser’s ‘help’ facility.
2. Information Requests When you ask for information regarding a product or service on the Virtual360 website, you will be asked for information that is needed to process your enquiry.
The information that you provide will only be used for the purposes described at the time of your application and where applicable in the Terms and Conditions that apply to the relevant product or service.
contact Us
0161 30 20 151
support@virtual360.net
© Copyright 2017 Virtual 360 All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy
Virtual 360 Limited trading as www.virtual360.net - Registered Office: 41 St Thomas's Road, Chorley, Lancs, PR7 1JE - Reg No: 7937011 -
VAT No: 838 3548 95