http://www.eapps.com/privacy-policy.php
Login
Platforms
Apps
Services
Support
Store
Blog
About
Search
Call
Chat
Call
Chat
Private Cloud (PvC)
Create your own Private Cloud using our Create-A-Cloud® tool.
Virtual Cloud Server (VCS)
Create your custom, adjustable, virtual server using our Create-A-Server™ tool.
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Try our auto-scaling dev/ops platform at no charge for 14 days!
Application Hosting
Guide to application hosting services
OS / Control Panels
Operating System choices and Control Panel options
Control Panels
Control Panel choices
Private Cloud (PvC)
Create-A-Cloud® that fits your needs, with adjustable, isolated resources and geo-spanning private networks
Virtual Cloud Server (VCS)
Create-A-Server™ with CPU, RAM, SSD disk that fits your needs; adjustable with predictable billing
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Auto-scaling dev/ops platform for rapid deployment of Java, PHP, Ruby, Python, Golang and Node.js apps
Enterprise Email
Email for teams and mobile professionals
Backups / Storage
Enterprise grade Backup Service, Large Secondary Disks
SSL
SSL certificates from respected Certification Authorities
Domains
TLDs at reasonable prices, with help by real, live humans
CDN / WAF
Site Accelerator (CDN) and Web Application Firewall (WAF), included at no charge
VPN
Advanced VPN services for secure and reliable connections
Geo Load Balancer
Redundant load balancer for geographic spanning and HA configurations
Managed Services
Managed Backups, First Responder Monitoring, Enterprise Customer Plan, and more
Professional Services
Setup, configuration, performance, and security services
Server Monitoring
Uptime and Resource Monitoring, with First Responder option
Support Center
Home page for the eApps Support Center
Submit Ticket
Submit a request to Support, Billing, and Sales departments
Knowledgebase
User Guides, Policies, Videos, FAQ
Private Cloud (PvC)
Create-A-Cloud® that fits your needs, with adjustable, isolated resources and geo-spanning private networks
Virtual Cloud Server (VCS)
Create-A-Server™ with CPU, RAM, SSD disk that fits your needs; adjustable with predictable billing
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Auto-scaling dev/ops platform for rapid deployment of Java, PHP, Ruby, Python, Golang and Node.js apps
Backup and Disk Services
Basic Backup Service, Enterprise Backup Service, Secondary Disk
Register Domain
Obtain a .com, .org, .net , .ca, .co.uk, .uk, .eu or other traditional domain name
Transfer Domain
Transfer your currently owned domain to your account using the eApps registrar
SSL and Code Signing Certificates
Secure your website, email and documents, program code
Email Services
Enterprise-grade Email for professionals, featuring Microsoft 365
First Responder option, for Monitoring
Available for Uptime Monitoring and Resource Monitoring. Alerts will be sent to eApps Support
Other Services
Content Delivery Network (CDN), Deployment, Configuration, Tuning, Security, PCI Compliance, and more
Licenses
Licenses for commercial software
About eApps
Who we are and what we do
Contact Us
How to reach us
Facilities
Information about our data centers
Affiliate Program
Referral program pays recurring commissions
Technology Partners
List of key technology vendors
SLA
Service Level Agreement
Careers
Career opportunities at eApps
News
New products, updates, service bulletin
Testimonials
Read what our customers have to say!
Case Studies
Real life examples of what eApps and our customers do
Press Releases
PR about the company and offerings
Newsletters
Articles, announcements, promotions, technical tips
Privacy Policy
Last updated October 22, 2019
This is the Website of Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. (dba
eApps Hosting). We can be reached via Email at privacy@eApps.com. Strategic
Systems Consulting, Inc. is concerned about the privacy of its
customers, users and site visitors and is committed to protecting
their personal data. This page explains our Privacy Policy, which
is by inclusion part of our Hosting Agreement.
Data Collected From Web Site Visitors - For each
visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes
the domain of the visitor. We capture your IP address and
automatically collect data about our web site visitors using
"cookies" on your hard drive. Visitors may opt out of the capture
of their IP address. We collect the Email addresses of those who
communicate with us via e-mail or web form, analyze aggregate
information about what pages visitors access or visit and collect
data volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information,
inquiries, and/or site registrations.
Use of Data We Collect from Web Site Visitors - The
data we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site for
marketing analysis and marketing communications. We do not at any
time share the data we receive about or from visitors to our Web
site with any other company or organization. Such information would
only be disclosed as required by law. We do not send marketing
communications to web site visitors unless they opt-in. Web site
visitors that opt-in have the ability to opt out of receiving
further communications.
Customer Data Placed on Our Service -
Customer and personal data is placed on our network
by customer (including free trial customers) use of
the hosting service we provide. These data include
names, email addresses, phone numbers, mailing
addresses and other related information. The data is
used to validate the identify of users of our
service, to communicate with users of the service,
and to perform online commerce for the payment of
the service. Our company does not provide these data
to third parties, other than vendors that may have
access to these data for the express purpose of
supporting the vendor provided systems. Also,
Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. only discloses
these data to other entities as required by law. We
respect the confidentiality of these data and will
not use these data for any other purpose without
your express consent. Our employees may be exposed
to these data in the course of performing their
duties. Our employees are bound by a confidentiality
agreement to not disclose customer data for any
reasons.
Customer Data for Communications - We sometimes use
these data to communicate with our customers regarding critical
technical issues, advice about, and changes to, the hosting service
as well as for marketing and promotional purposes. Customers may
opt out of marketing and promotional messages at any time. The
following methods are used to communicate with customers.
1. Email Communications (System Messages) - Our Cloud
Management systems send automated messages for a number of events,
including but not limited to provisioning messages, service usage
guides, billing and payments, resource usage and outage alerts,
communication confirmations, and more. These messages are
part and parcel of the subscribed services and can not be
suspended. Also, suspension of these messages could
result in mistakes and omissions of a serious nature. For these reasons, the only way to discontinue the receipt of these messages is to terminate the customer relationship with eApps. Customers
that have questions about system messages should contact
privacy@eApps.com.
2. Email Communications (Technical Bulletins) - We send
technical bulletins to customers when necessary. These bulletins
contain important information about scheduled maintenance events,
security vulnerabilities, and actions being taken by eApps that may
impact your service. These messages are part and parcel of the
subscribed services and can not be suspended. Furthermore,
suspension of these messages will likely result in mistakes and
omissions of a serious nature. For these reasons, the only way to discontinue the receipt of these messages is to terminate the customer relationship with eApps. Customers that have questions about
system messages should contact privacy@eApps.com.
3. Email Communications (Marketing) - We send
newsletters, articles, information about new services (many of
which are offered at no charge), and special offers and promotions
to our customers. Our goal is to provide our customers with
marketing related information that adds value to the use of the
subscribed services, without being intrusive or repetitive. These
communications provide important information about the subscribed
services, and fulfill a legitimate business interest. Furthermore,
the majority of our customers are business entities, for which
failure to deliver these communications would deprive these
entities from important information needed to save time and money,
and ensure that their service attains optimal performance and
security. For this reason we opt-in, by default, all customers
(including free trial customers). Our promotional emails give the
recipients the ability to opt out of receiving these mailings in
the future. If you receive a promotional Email from us that does
not allow you to opt out, and you do not want to receive
promotional Email from us in the future, please let us know by
sending an Email to privacy@eApps.com telling us that you do not
want to receive any promotional Email from our company.
4. Postal Communications - eApps does not send
communications via post.
5. Phone Communications - Persons who supply us with
their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from
us with information regarding promotions and events that we believe
may be of interest. If you do not wish to receive such calls,
please let us know by sending Email to privacy@eApps.com or a
letter to our mailing address as found on the Contact Us page of
our Web site. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we
use for promotional purposes.
Right of Individuals to Access and Manage Their Personal Data -
Individuals that have personal data and/or account data on the
eApps systems have the right to access and edit these data at any time,
either through the customer portal or control panels or upon
request. Individuals may request access to their personal data and
account data, and may also request that Strategic Systems
Consulting, Inc. remove these data, at any time, subject to legal
and operational requirements for data retention, by sending an
Email to privacy@eApps.com.
Obligation of eApps to Comply with Lawful Personal Data Requests -
eApps has an obligation to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, as well as to comply with official subpoenas from the courts. All such requests are directed to the eApps Privacy Officer to ensure that such requests are valid and handled properly.
U.S. Department of Commerce Privacy Shield for EU and Swiss
Citizens - We self-certify compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield Framework and the Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as
set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the
transfer, collection, use, and retention of personal data collected
from citizens of European Union member countries, the United
Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.
Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. has certified that it adheres to
the Privacy
Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward
Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access,
Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability. All Strategic Systems
Consulting, Inc.'s vendors that have access to, or are recipients
of, onward transfer of personal data of EU and Swiss citizens
placed on our service are contractually required, or have made a
formal commitment, to abide by our privacy policies and the
Principles and Directives of the Privacy Shield Framework. In the
case of a violation of the Principles and Directives of the Privacy
Shield Framework due to the onward transfer of personal data of EU
and Swiss citizens to third parties, eApps Hosting may be liable
for damages resulting from the violation. eApps Hosting's liability
is defined and limited by the terms of our Hosting Agreement. Under the the
Privacy Shield Framework, Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U. S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC). To learn more about the Privacy
Shield Framework, and to view Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc..s
certification, please visit the US Commerce
Department Privacy Shield web site. EU and Swiss citizens that
want to file a dispute regarding Strategic Systems Consulting,
Inc..s handling of their own private data have the right to to
invoke binding arbitration, under certain conditions, by following
the steps described by the Privacy Shield Framework; see Privacy Shield Annex I,
section C. Pre-Arbitration Requirements. Strategic Systems
Consulting, Inc. uses JAMS,
an independent dispute resolution provider, based in Irvine,
California, USA, as the independent recourse mechanism described in
the Pre-Arbitration Requirements. There is no charge for filing a
claim or for any aspect of the resolution process. To make use of
the independent recourse mechanism individuals can file a claim at
https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim. Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. is
committed to the satisfactory resolution of claims in a timely
manner.
GDPR Statement - As a Cloud service provider, eApps
has personal data of individuals in the EU and therefore is subject
to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). eApps has a
process in place to achieve compliance with GDPR. eApps also has
vendors that have access to, or stores, personal data of
individuals. Our GDPR compliance process recognizes this and is
designed to ensure that our vendors commit to GDPR compliance.
Also, eApps customers may have personal data of individuals in the
EU for which eApps has responsibilities under GDPR. eApps takes
these responsibilities seriously, and will take action to protect
the private data of individuals, and report breaches of these data,
as required under GDPR.
Contacting eApps Regarding Privacy Issues - Questions,
concerns, and requests about the privacy of personal data stored on
eApps systems should be directed to our Privacy Officer at privacy@eApps.com.
Changes to our Privacy Policy - Our business
environment changes continuously. Consequently, we may change our
Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check our website
frequently to see recent changes. We pledge to never materially
change our Privacy Policy so as to provide less protection of your
personal information and data collected without your prior consent.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 22, 2019.
Request Migration Assistance
We have extensive experience migrating sites, applications and servers. Click the Request button for a free, or subsidized, migration proposal.
Request
Request a Free Consultation
Our professional advisors are ready to learn about your needs and recommend a cost effective solution. Click the Request button to contact our team.
Request
Contact Us
US +1 (770) 448 2100
UK +44 (0)20 813 36940
Skype - eappshosting
VoIP Click to Call
Connect With Us
Subscribe
to eApps Newsletter
Migration Assistance
We have extensive experience migrating sites, applications and servers. Click the Request button for a free, or subsidized, migration proposal.
Request
Free Consultation
Our professional advisors are ready to learn about your needs and recommend a cost effective solution. Click the Request button to contact our team.
Request
Application HostingSince 1996
Case Studies
AGENT511'S TEXTBLUE - HIGH AVAILABILITY(HA) CASE STUDY
AGENT511's TEXTBLUE platform is designed to meet the critical communication needs of public safety agencies...
HOTELIER101.COM - HIGH AVAILABILITY(HA) CASE STUDY
Since the deployment of the high availability solution in Spring of 2017, hotelier101 has achieved a perfect uptime record.
Read More...
News
eApps Private Virtual Cloud (PvC) is Launched!!!
PvC provides a custom-tailored computing environment with a predictable price, which can be adjusted as needed without a financial penalty.
Jelastic Gliese 5.8.2 Now Available | eApps PaaS Hosting
The eApps PaaS hosting system, powered by Jelastic, has been updated from version 5.7.6 to version 5.8.2. The new release brings multiple new features and bug fixes. Major new features include (…)
Happy 25th Anniversary of Java!
At around the time Java was introduced in the mid-1990s we were a consulting and IT development company that operated under the name Strategic Systems Consulting, Inc. We worked with (…)
Read More »
Platforms
Apps
Services
Store
Chat
More