https://www.semcasting.com/real-clear-privacy-security/
Real Clear Privacy Protection & Security
Semcasting provides a middleware technology solution that sits between the advertiser, its agency of record and the ads server-Demand Side Platforms. Our role is to facilitate the matching, onboarding and optimization of audiences. Semcasting compiles household and business data to facilitate the matching process. It is derived from publicly available sources and adheres to online and offline privacy recommendations and regulations of the DMA, IAB, Trustwave, GLB Act regulations, as well as HIPAA recommendations. We are certified for compliance with HITRUST in our management of sensitive data and physical security as well as Trustwave for online data management. We follow the privacy guidelines detailed in the White House “Privacy Bill of Rights”, the House proposal HR 4081 Consumer Privacy Protection Act of 2017 and the FTC Privacy and Security Update of 2018. At Semcasting we take privacy seriously and extend full cooperation with the choice standard for all consumers to opt-out of the user of their information for marketing purposes. The Smart Zones IP targeting process converts an organizations CRM or prospect data on customers to their digital delivery points. There is no use of cookies in our process. Organizations will supply us with names and addresses or website logs through a secure connection to a secure cloud-based server. This is an ISO 27018 standard Safe Haven secure environment that is inaccessible to outsiders and to the organization itself. In the Safe Haven we match the names and addresses of individuals, or the IP address of website logs, to our internal, household or business data. Through our proprietary matching process we strip and discard the matched records in the organizations list in order to maintain the anonymity a users digital ID. The product of the match is posted to a deployment platform such as an ad server or DSP where the Semcasting’s depersonalized digital IDs are matched to the platform’s impressions history in order to resolve to the platform’s ID. At no point outside of the Safe Haven can a users digital ID be resolved back to a person, household or business. When an organization provides us with access to the logs of the organizations website we match the log to the digital ID and append Semcasting’s publically sourced compiled household or business data to that ID. An organization who wishes to identify website visits on their site are required to demonstrate a permissible purpose for use of the names and address. The organization is limited in the use of the data to 1st party lead generation and populating their CRM. Language must be included in the organizations privacy policy informing the user that their digital information is being collected and that collection much follow all regulatory requirements of the DMA and IAB, including, but not limited to providing the ability for the user to opt-out. With the implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) the law in the European Union a series of regulations have been put into effect that would penalize any party that serves targeted online ads to a European citizen without their consent. There are a number of open questions about the impact and implementation of this regulation regarding absence of consent, geographic targeting, and device identifiers. In the EU Semcasting’s solution s based exclusively on network infrastructure and Internet routing with no personally identifiable IP addresses. A users PII can not be tracked or revealed because the system is strictly based on telecommunications assignment has no knowledge of household or personal information. HIPAA recommendations for the healthcare and insurance industries promotes clustering of households at a minimum level to assure personal and household identifiers be obscured and that they be stripped of PII. The Graham, Leach, Billings Act further requires that banking and financial offers that are provide unsolicited offers of credit be generalized to a minimum household clustering that averages household credit scores at a geographic level typical of a zip code plus 4. Smart Zones IP targeting in the United States supports the matching of a digital ID to the organizations CRM file or prospect list at a person, household or business level if the organization is in compliance with local regulations. In specific industries where sensitive information may be associated with a digital ID Semcasting requires that the organization adapt a clustering methodology at minimum level to assure that all personally identifiable information is protected. Smart Zones IP target supports this clustering process by providing a 6 digit zip, 5 digit zip or 3 digit zip postal code output option. We have made a version of this geographic clustering technique available for any organization we provide audiences for. Finally, an individual should always have the option to opt-out of being included in a digital targeted audience. We require that the organizations, ad servers and demand side platforms we build audiences also provide a robust capability for opting-out. They must include language in their privacy policy that clearly states that a user may be tracked. They must also provide a means for their users to opt-out. When a user elects to opt-out of receiving advertising from an organization that person is removed from any further contact by the organization. To review further detail of our Privacy Policy for Semcasting please go to Privacy Policy. Please contact info@semcasting.com if you have any questions.
©2020 Semcasting. All Rights Reserved.