https://www.ecisolutions.com/legal/privacy-policy
ECI Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 2019
Overview
Please note that the practices of ECI Software Solutions, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "ECI"), with respect to data collected and used by ECI in connection with this website and all products and services licensed or otherwise made available by ECI, its subsidiaries and affiliates to customers and potential customers and other ECI products and services offered by ECI ("Products and Services") are governed by this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"), as amended from time to time. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy.
If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Products and Services and our website. By visiting this website and/or accessing or using any ECI Products and Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. The terms of this Privacy Policy supersede all previous privacy policies of ECI. To the extent there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and any terms or conditions regarding the collection and use of data that may be set forth in an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and ECI regarding the use of specific Products and Services, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.
Personal Information; Collection
All Personal Information that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. "Personal Information" means any information that identifies or can be used to identify the person to whom such information relates or the person from whom the information was collected.
Personal Information provided in connection with the Products and Services is collected by ECI Software Solutions, Inc., who is responsible for this Site. ECI’s address is 4400 Alliance Gateway Freeway, Suite 154, Fort Worth, Texas, USA 76177, and its telephone number is (682) 831-0827. ECI’s subsidiaries and affiliates may also collect information in connection with the Products and Services and, to the extent they do, their collection and use of such information shall also be governed by this Privacy Policy.
The Products and Services may contain links to other websites, products or services at or from which Personal Information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your Personal Information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to those websites, products or services. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your Personal Information.
What information is collected
In connection with your use of ECI Products and Services, you may be required to provide Personal Information, such as your company name, first and last name, business address (including ZIP code), country of residence, e-mail address, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other information ("Personal Information").
During the course of your use of the Products and Services, ECI may also collect certain information about your activities in connection with your use of the Products and Services. By way of illustration, we may collect information about such things as (i) orders placed and fulfilled using ECI Products and Services; (ii) quantities or orders and transactions placed; (iii) items and categories of items purchased, (iv) types of accounts placing orders; and (v) other transaction information ("Transaction Information").
By using the Products and Services, you agree and acknowledge that Personal Information and Transaction Information collected in connection with your use of the Products and Services may be collected by ECI, transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which ECI maintains offices, including the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of Personal Information and Transaction Information may be undertaken by trusted third parties. Such third parties are bound by contract with ECI not to use Personal Information or Transaction Information for their own purposes or to provide it to any third parties.
How information is collected
ECI uses a wide variety of non-intrusive technological means including cookies (see further below) to collect Personal Information and Transaction Information. The websites of ECI, its subsidiaries and affiliates contain commercially available features and functionality that allow for the collection of information regarding activities undertaken by visitors while on those sites. ECI Products and Services also contain commercially available features and functionality that allow for the collection of Personal Information and Anonymous Transaction Information. Additionally, Personal Information and Transaction Information can be collected in the process of normal business transactions as they are processed by ECI Products and Services or via other technological means that may be available in the future that allow ECI to access and collect such Personal Information and Transaction Information.
Cookies
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you and your business from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our Site. For more information about cookies view our cookie policy or visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How your Personal Information is used
ECI collects your Personal Information and Transaction Information in order to record, support, facilitate and improve your use of the Products and Services. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users.
ECI tracks visits to its websites in a non-obtrusive way using commercially available data gathering tools and uses such information to improve the user experience and to communicate with such visitors regarding ECI Products and Services.
ECI may collect Transaction Information about your use of the Products and Services. ECI may use Transaction Information for improving the Products and Services and statistical analysis, and may also share aggregate or non-identifying Transaction Information with third party service providers of ECI, including without limitation, wholesalers, manufacturers, and other third parties with whom ECI has business relationships.
ECI may also use your Personal Information to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by email, post or telephone.
If you do not want us to use your Personal Information in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
Your choices with respect to Personal Information
ECI recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected in connection with the Products and Services. ECI will respect your legal rights regarding access to and correction and deletion of your Personal Information. Please note that ECI reserves the right to charge you for access to your Personal Information. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy or with your prior written consent, ECI will not provide your Personal Information to any third party.
There are other instances in which ECI may divulge your Personal Information, such as where required by law, regulation, or litigation, or as part of a merger, acquisition or other corporate transaction. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Protection of your Personal Information
The Personal Information that you provide in connection with your use of the Products and Services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on secure servers that only selected ECI personnel and contractors have access to via password. ECI encrypts your Personal Information and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to ECI.
Notice to California Residents
This section only applies to individuals who are residents of California under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), where the resident is acting in their own capacity and not acting on behalf of a company or organization in the context of business activities.
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information
Categories of Information
Identifiers, such as first and last name, country of residence, e-mail address, and telephone and facsimile numbersFinancial Information such as bank account or credit card informationElectronic Data, such as geolocation, IP address, and analytics dataCalifornia Residents Rights Disclosure & Access Rights: California consumers have the right to request in writing from a business, (i) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, address, e–mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including Independent Affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (ii) the names and addresses of all such third parties. In addition, California residents have the right to request that we disclose to them (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about them, (ii) the categories of sources
from which personal information is collected, (iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection, (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and (v) the specific pieces of personal information we hold about an individual.
Deletion Rights: California consumers have the right to have their Personal Information deleted, unless the Personal Information is necessary for the business or service provider to:complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer;detect security incidents;protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity (or prosecute those responsible);debug to identify and repair functionality errors;exercise or ensure the right of another to exercise free speech or another legal right;comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which compels the production of or access to electronic communication information or electronic device information with a search warrant;engage in research in the public interest (if the consumer has provided informed consent);to enable solely internal uses aligned with the consumer's expectations given their relationship with the business;comply with a legal obligation;otherwise use the information internally in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which the consumer provided it.
Do Not Sell: Californian consumers have the right to opt-out of having their Personal Information sold. Californian consumers acting on behalf of a company or organization in the context of business activities will also have the right to opt-out. We do not sell Personal Information.
Purposes for Collection of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information for the operation of our services, auditing, security, internal research and development, and quality and safety business purposes.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information directly from the individual, through cookies and other tracking technologies, and from service providers acting on our behalf.
Types of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information
We share Personal Information with our service providers.
Personal Information We Collect
Transaction Information
Categories of Information
Commercial Information, such as services purchased and purchasing history
Electronic Data, such as geolocation, IP address, and analytics data
Purposes for Collection of Personal Information
We collect Transaction Information for the operation of our services, auditing, security, internal research and development, and quality and safety business purposes.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect Transaction Information directly from the individual, through cookies and other tracking technologies, and from service providers acting on our behalf.
Types of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information
We share Transaction Information with our service providers.
Under California Laws, California residents have the following rights (“Rights”) listed below. Your Right to Access and Right to Deletion are not absolute and are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose specific pieces of Personal Information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the Personal Information, your account with us or the security of the business’s systems of networks.
Californians can exercise their privacy rights by contacting us at the address below.
Response Time. We will handle request under Applicable Law in California. When a request is made, we may verify your identity to protect your privacy and security. We will respond to written rights requests within 45 days following receipt at the e–mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e–mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer twice per calendar year.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
ECI may change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of changes in the Privacy Policy on the home page of www.ecisolutions.com. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted. If ECI sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or ECI (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that ECI may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without obtaining your further consent, but ECI will provide notice of such asset sales, acquisitions, or mergers on this site.
Privacy Matters
ECI takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you wish to contact ECI about privacy matters, you may write to the ECI Privacy Officer at the following address:
ECI Software Solutions, Inc.
Privacy Officer/General Counsel
4400 Alliance Gateway Freeway, Suite 154
Fort Worth, TX 76177