http://www.shemes.com/index.php?p=privacy
Shemes.com
Home
Usenet Services
Sign up
Members Only
GrabIt Usenet Software
Download
Features
Screenshots
Reviews and Awards
Support
Help Center
Forgot your password?
Shemes.com :: Privacy statement
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Shemes.com collects, uses, and
shares information in connection with your use of our website,
services, and applications (collectively, the "Services").
This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") does not apply
to information our customers may process when using our Services.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure
you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy
Policy or Shemes.com's data collection, use, and disclosure
practices, please contact us at support@shemes.com.
What Information Do We Collect?
Information
You Provide
Registration. When you
activate GrabIt, we may ask for your contact information, including
items such as name and email address. We also collect information
about license activations for the purposes of advertising promotions
and licensing enforcement.
Payment Information. When
you purchase a license or subscription in our online store your
financial account information is directed to our third-party payment
processor. We do not store your financial account information on our
systems.
Communications. If you contact us directly, we may
receive additional information about you such as your name, email
address, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send
us, and any other information you may choose to provide. We may also
receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
Information
We Collect When You Use Our Services
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. As is true
of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and
store it in log files. In addition, when you use our Services, we
may collect certain information automatically from your device. This
information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser
type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, landing page,
and referring URL. To collect this information, a cookie may be set
on your computer or device when you visit our Services. Cookies
contain a small amount of information that allows our web servers to
recognize you. We store information that we collect through cookies,
log files, and/or clear gifs to record your preferences.
The usernames, passwords, server names and configuration settings
you enter into our application for connecting to your download
destinations are not collected or transmitted to Shemes.com.
What do we do with the Information we collect?
We will use contact information to email purchase receipts,
software update notifications, security update notifications as well
as a few helpful emails to get started with the software. We also may
occasionally send out a promotional email. Nothing more than once per
month and all promotional emails will have a link allowing you to
opt-out of all future emails.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information
described above will depend on the personal information concerned and
the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you
only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract
with you; (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests
and not overridden by your rights; or (iii) where we have your
consent to do so. We have a legitimate interest in developing our
Services and communicating with you as necessary to provide this, for
example when responding to your queries, improving our software or
undertaking marketing.
Your Choices
You may unsubscribe from receiving certain promotional emails from
us. If you wish to do so, simply follow the instructions found at the
end of the email. Even if you unsubscribe, we may still contact you
for informational, transactional, account-related, or similar
purposes.
Many browsers have an option for disabling cookies, which may
prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or enable selective
use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose not to accept
cookies, some features and the personalization of our Services may no
longer work for you. You will continue to receive advertising
material but it will not be tailored to your interests.
Disclosure
We will not disclose your email address, or other personal
information, to anyone unless we reasonably believe it is necessary
to comply with a subpoena, court order, law, or regulation. We may
disclose your personal information to the extent required to fulfill
our legal obligation.
Security
All personal information is collected via HTTPS secure
communication and is kept in a secure database that is not subject to
any unauthorized usage. We employ a variety of security technologies
and measures designed to protect information from unauthorized
access, use, or disclosure. The measures we use are designed to
provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing
your personal information. However, please bear in mind that the
Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Data Retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have
an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide
you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable
legal, tax, or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if
this is not possible (for example, because your personal information
has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your
personal information and isolate it from any further processing until
deletion is possible.
Access
You may request access to information associated with your account
by emailing support@shemes.com.
Business transfer
If Shemes.com is involved in a business acquisition, merger, sale,
reorganization, or bankruptcy then your personal information may be
transferred as part of the restructuring. We promise that either the
acquiring institution will respect your personal information and file
data in accordance with this privacy policy, or that you will be
given the opportunity to opt-out of the transfer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review
it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our
websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share
personal information previously collected from you through our
Services, we will notify you through our Services, by email, or other
communication.
Latest news
Oct 12th 2020It took me a bit longer than I thought to implement the credit card payments. But it is now ready to go! Happy grabbing!Oct 8th 2020Found a different payment provider and I'm working on implementing their payment system right now. Thank you for your patience while I work on this.Sep 29th 2020I'm having some problems with PayPal right now and I'm working hard on finding a new payment provider. In the mean time it is not possible to sign up or renew your memberships. I'm really sorry for the inconvenience. To make sure nobody gets stuck without access to the GrabIt Search, I won't disable the GrabIt Search for expired accounts. I will keep all search accounts enabled until I have some way of receiving payments again. Unfortunately I won't be able to keep access to the download servers active for expired accounts (too expensive), but if you have an expired download account, you will be able to use the GrabIt Search with your expired username and password.
Copyright 1999-2020, Shemes.com -
All rights reserved.
GrabIt, Shemes and each of their logos are trademarks of Shemes.com.
All other trademarks appearing on shemes.com are the property of their respective owners.
- Privacy statement -