http://www.silverjuke.net/en/privacy
Home
Features
Download
FAQ
Community
Privacy Policy
Björn Petersen Software Design and Development respects your privacy.
You should know which data we
save and what we do with the saved data.
We minimize the processing of your data to the minimum (Privacy by Design).
General
The Silverjuke website is free of cookies, social-media-plugins, advertising, tracking or other
analytical methods by third parties.
Data will only be processed by the web hoster or to respond to your requests or to process your orders and will not be shared with third parties without your consent.
In addition to using state-of-the-art encryption techniques, we take all necessary technical and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized data access and misuse of data.
Responsible
Responsible for the data processing of this site within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations:
Björn Petersen
Software Design and Development
Friedrich-Ebert-Str. 1 B
25348 Glückstadt, Germany
Your contact address for privacy issues:
Description of the data processing
Web-Hoster
In order to make the content of this site available to everyone, we work with an external web provider who has access to IP addresses as part of his technical deployment. If you have questions about the exact scope of data processing, data deletion and storage duration, please contact .
Orders
As we want you to have as many payment options as possible, we work together with different payment companies.
Depending on the selected payment method, transactions are done by our partners Share-it! or PayPal;
Björn Petersen Software Design and Development does not get your credit card or other payment data.
Further information are available in the Privacy statement of share-it!
and in the PayPal privacy policy.
The only data saved after a completed transaction are your name and your e-mail address.
We use these data, to generate a licence key and to send it to you via e-mail.
Mailing lists
When voluntarily writing to the freelists.org Silverjuke mailing lists, your e-mail address from the input mask, the IP address of the calling computer and the date and time of registration are transmitted by the external provider. The processing of this data is solely for the processing of contacts and the delivery of public community communication. As usual with open source projects, the shared messages can also be found in public archives. The legal basis for processing in the case of consent is Art. 6 I lit. a GDPR. The e-mail address of the user is only stored as long as the subscription to the mailing list is active. By deregistering any mailing lists a revocation of the consent is possible.
Right to Information, Correction, Blocking, Deletion and Objection
You have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us at any time.
Likewise, you have the right to correct, block or
delete your personal data.
To do this, contact the address given above.
If you have further questions, please
us.
We value your opinion - please let us know your comments or suggestions regarding this statement.
Language: DE | EN
| Imprint
| Privacy Policy
© 2020 Silverjuke contributors