http://www.dart-creations.com/about-us/terms-of-service
Home WordPress Tips and Tricks Tutorials Themes Plugins WooCommerce Joomla Tips and Tricks Modules Tutorials Web Design Web Hosting Guides
Details Super UserAbout UsDetails Last Updated: 17 February 2020 Terms and ConditionsLast updated: May 23, 2018Please read these Terms and Conditions of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the https://www.collectiveray.com website (the "Service") operated by CollectiveRay ("us", "we", or "our").Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.AccountsWhen you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service. We do this to be able to verify the identity of the people accessing our service and if necessary for any reason, communicate with them as necessary.You are responsible for protecting the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.You agree not to share your password with any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.Links To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by CollectiveRay.CollectiveRay has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that CollectiveRay shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Malta, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.About the AuthorAuthor: Super UserPost a CommentOne more thing... Did you know that people who share useful stuff like this post look AWESOME too? ;-) Please leave a useful comment with your thoughts, then share this on your Facebook group(s) who would find this useful and let's reap the benefits together. Thank you for sharing and being nice!
Disclosure: This page may contain links to external sites for products which we love and wholeheartedly recommend. If you buy products we suggest, we may earn a referral fee. Such fees do not influence our recommendations and we do not accept payments for positive reviews.
back to top  Best Rated Caching Plugin How to make your website FAST!  who are we?CollectiveRay is run by David Attard - working in and around the web design niche for more than 12 years, we provide actionable tips for people who work with and on websites. We also run DronesBuy.net - a website for drone hobbyists. Author(s) Featured On:                  and many more ...
×101 WordPress Tips and TricksDownload the list of great WordPress tricks every blogger should know
First name *Download Now×FINAL DAYS! December 2020 offer from Elegant Themes - 25% OFF BEST offer of the YEAR 2020! [CLICK BEFORE ITS GONE]×Get the WordPress Starter Theme bundle+ more actionable WordPress tips (No. SPAM. Ever.)Download Now×How to get your website to load is less than 1 second!Our website loads in 0.8s. Join more than 1859 subscribers who have made their website insanely fast. Show me how to make it fast!