http://www.10-strike.com/privacy.shtml
News |
Products | Download |
Order | Partners |
Contacts | Forum |
Blog
You are here: Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy has been created to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and protection of your information. The Policy applies only to the 10-Strike Software company.
We do not give, share, sell or transfer any personal information to a third party.
Communication with the company
If you choose to provide us with additional information through an e-mail message or the feedback form, we ensure you that your personal data will be used only to complete the purpose of your communication.
You can subscribe to our mailing list to get announcements about new programs, updates and special offers. We will not use your e-mail address for purposes other than for this subscription. You can unsubscribe at any time using the instructions provided in every message. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
If you register with us
All personal information you provide when you purchase our products (e-mail, your name, country, etc.) will not be divulged to any third party. It will be used only for statistical purposes.
When you place an online order with us, we re-direct you to secure paying systems. These companies have their own privacy policies, please read them before making an order. We do not receive any credit card information as part of your product registration.
When you buy our products elsewhere and register with us, we keep your registration code along with your contact information: name, address, phone (optional), email. We use security measures to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
For more information on our privacy policy please contact us at: info@10-strike.com
Subscribe
All products
Network Inventory Explorer
Inventory Hardware and Software on Network Computers
Network Monitor
Monitor Network Servers, Services, Managed Switches, etc.
LANState
Monitor and Manage Network Hosts on a Visual Map, Create Network Maps
Bandwidth Monitor
Monitor Network Bandwidth and the Internet Traffic Usage
Network Diagram
Create Network Diagrams, Discover Network Topology
Network File Search
Search Files on Network Shares and FTP Servers
Connection Monitor
Audit Remote User Access to Your Shares (Folders and Files)
Network Scanner (NEW!)
Free Program for Scanning Networks, Hosts, and TCP Ports
1. SALE! Save 20-50% on licenses
The discounts will be valid till November 30, 2020
2. Networking Software Bundles
Order All Our 7 Networking Programs and Save Up to 38% (or $5600)!
Privacy Policy
|
Links
Copyright © 1998-2020, 10-Strike Software