http://www.wpcubed.com/pdf/contact/privacy-statement/
skip to Main Content
tel.: 0049-89-49053501
support@wptools.de
Privacy Statement / German Version
Thank you for your interest in our online presence. The protection of your personal data is very important to us. Here we would like to inform you about the privacy policy in our company, which efforts we make to protect your data, as well as what information we collect and how we use it.
You can
visit our site through a secure connection:
https://www.wpcubed.com
We treat your data to the best of our knowledge and belief. Unfortunately, even when using the secure connection, we can not guarantee that third parties will not be able to intercept your data and misuse it.
Sharing of data
For the operation of the website, as well as logistics, we rely on external providers. These external service providers receive from us only the information they need to perform the service. By law, these service providers are required to ensure that personal data that they process on behalf can only be processed in accordance with the instructions of the client.
Your data in our forum (newsgroup)
You acknowledge that the information you provide in your profile and your contributions may be available on the Internet and may be available to anyone, depending on your configuration. Please write to us if you want to change or delete posts in the forum or to remove your account.
Scope of data collection and storage
Basically, you can access the WPCubed web pages without giving any information about yourself. However your visit to the website and every download of a file will be logged. This are the access data which will be recorded:
IP address
Referrer URL
Name of the page and time of the retrieval and if it was successful
Transmitted amount of data
Information about the operating system and the browser software
Querying Domain
A personal reference is usually not possible and is not intended. The stored information is used to optimize the content of the website. The data will not be merged with other data sources.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 I b DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures.
Google Analytics is not currently in use. The website is hosted on servers in Germany. We do not use cookies to “track” our visitors, they are only used as far as it is necessary for the technical functionality of the website (see later).
Additional personal data will only be collected if you voluntarily provide this information, for example in the context of a request or registration. Sensitive personal data are not required for our offer and are not collected.
Data collection at purchase
If you select products on our order page, clicking on “Checkout” will generate a shopping cart with our distributor ShareIt and forward you to their order system. This Distributor collects additional information, as without it an order processing would not be possible. The specified address, email and ordered products are returned to us for electronic delivery, but no information about the payment system used (such as credit card number), apart from the choice of the payment system itself will be provided to us.
The ShareIt order page is subject to a separate privacy policy:
https://secure.shareit.com/shareit/privacypolicy.html.
After the order, we will create a customer account for you in the protected area. It is password protected and contains only the information necessary to provide you with products, updates and support. In addition to the e-mail address, we usually also store the customer’s physical address or parts of. This information is required to find a customer account again, even if the stored e-mail address is no longer valid.
About our customers we store your email, address, as far as notified, the acquired licenses, the download history and payments for accounting and billing purposes.
How we contact customers
The download information, as well as direct order invoices, we send to customers by e-mail. Infrequently customers may receive important information, which we believe is very important and that is in the interest of the customer. Please let us know if you do not want to receive an invoice by e-mail.
Otherwise, you can specify in the customer account at any time if and which service mails and newsletters you would like to receive from us.
Registration on this website
You can register on our website to use additional functions on the site, eg. the
forum . We only use the data entered for the purpose of using the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be given in full. Otherwise, we will reject the registration.
Prior to the registration in the forum, reCAPTCHA is being used. This Google service is required to avoid automatic registrations within the forum and is is ruled by this privacy agreement.
For important changes, such as the scope of the offer or for technical changes, we use the e-mail address specified during registration to inform you in this way.
The processing of the data entered during registration takes place on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 I DSGVO). You can revoke your consent at any time. An informal message by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the already completed data processing remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data collected during registration will be stored by us as long as you are registered on our website and will subsequently be deleted. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Right to transfer data
You have the right to have data that we process on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract, in itself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another person in charge, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
If you want to know what information we have about you, please write to support@wptools.de.
Information, blocking, deletion
You have the right to receive information on your stored personal data, their origin the purpose of the data processing and, if necessary, a right to rectification, blocking or deletion of this data according to applicable law. For further information on personal data, please contact us at the address given under “Contact” or support@wptools.de
If you have your data deleted, your customer account will be anonymized and then blocked so that no conclusion can be drawn on your person or company.
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke an existing consent at any time. An informal message by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
In the case of violations of data protection law, the person concerned has the right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority. The competent supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of the data protection officers as well as their contact data can be taken from the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Cookies
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions that you wish to use (eg shopping cart function) are processed on the basis of Art. 6 I
f DSGVO saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (such as cookies for analyzing your surfing behavior) are stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Links to other websites
As a service to make it easier for you to find information, our website links websites from other operators whose content we have no control over. These websites usually have their own privacy policy, which you should also take note of. We decline any liability for the use of these websites and the information stored there.
Questions about privacy
If you have any questions, please contact: WPCubed GmbH, Julian Ziersch, St. Ingbert Str. 30, 81541 Munich. email: datenschutz@wptools.de
EU Online Dispute Resolution /Außergerichtliche Beilegung von Streitigkeiten
Online Dispute Resolution website is an official website operated by the European Commission to help clients and traders settle conflicts out of court.
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
.NET and OCX Components
Blog
Delphi VCL Components
Dev.wPDF
Dev.WPTools
Dev.WPViewPDF
General
Links
News
PDFControl
STEM Management Project
TextDynamic
TextDynamic Server
Uncategorized
wPDF
WPSpell
WPTools
WPViewPDF
WPViewPDF .NET
Search
Search
Submit
Please try out our free demo editions!
Download...
Copyright WPCubed GmbH - All Rights Reserved
Back To Top
We use cookies on this website Accept We do not store personal information Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.