http://www.codezebra.com/conditionsofuse.php
Home
Symbols
High-res Examples
Compatibility
Sign in
About Us
Contact
Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Sign in
View cart/checkout
for Illustrator
for iOS
About
Architectural
Building Services
Landscaping
Vehicles & People
Fasteners
Electrical
Mechanical
Copyright Notice
The entire content of this web site is protected under U.S. and International copyright laws. The content of this web site is made available only to provide information to potential customers for the evaluation of our products. Copying any portion of this web site for any purpose is strictly prohibited without the express written approval of Code Zebra, Inc. The content subject to copyright protection includes, but is not limited to, any photograph, image or symbol representation, text descriptions, symbol descriptions and information contained in the tables of symbol libraries, any Code Zebra Symbol design, any graphic or drawing file, any video or motion picture, sound recording, audio file, and any computer program or data.
Trademarks
FlowTools is a registered trademark of Code Zebra, Inc. Code Zebra, the Code Zebra logo, LivingLegend, Legend Library, Crucible, AttLink, the FlowTools faucet and Titlezone are trademarks of Code Zebra, Inc.
Affinity is a registered trademark of Serif Europe Ltd.
Autodesk and AutoCAD are registered trademarks of Autodesk, Inc.
Adobe, Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and/or other countries.
All other trademarks are the trademarks of their holders.
Conditions of Use
The use of products or services from Code Zebra, Inc., [hereafter referred to as “CZ”] constitutes agreement to these terms in addition to all other rights given to CZ under US and International Statutes.
Content
All products or services provided by CZ may only be used for lawful purposes. The laws of the State of Wisconsin and the United States of America apply.
Payment Information
You agree to supply appropriate payment for the products or services received from CZ, in advance of the time period during which such products or services are provided.
Symbol Credits
Symbol credits expire at the end of the free membership period and the end of each renewed period thereof.
Disclosure to law enforcement
CZ will disclose information it possesses about its customers to law enforcement or government agencies only upon lawful request from such agencies.
Changes to the Conditions of Use
CZ reserves the right to revise its policies at any time without notice.
No Limitations Implied
The Terms here do not imply any limitation to the rights already given or that may be given in the future to the CZ under US and International law.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send an email to "info" at our domain name.