https://www.atempo.com/cookie-policy/
Home | Cookie policy Cookie policy
Checked on 5 February 2020 –
Cookies are trackers placed and/or read on your terminal equipment, for example, when visiting a website.
When you first connect to the Website an information banner informs you that some data relating to your browsing may be processed using Cookies, and you are informed of the methods used to collect your consent to this effect.
This Cookie Policy indicates the different uses made of these Cookies (1) and explains how you can configure them (2).
1-	The different Cookies used on the Web site
COOKIES NEEDED TO OPERATE THE WEB SITE, WITHOUT WHICH VISITORS’ BROWSING EXPERIENCE ON THE WEB SITE WOULD BE SEVERELY IMPAIRED:
These Cookies are required to properly operate the Web site and its navigation. They allow you to access the main Web site features.
ATEMPO uses the following Cookies on its Web site:
Cookie categories
Purpose
Retention period
Session and Activity Cookie
Used to maintain the application status and required for website technical operation and to identify and associate sessions / pages and visitors. This cookie may be associated with visitors on their first visit to the Website (if they connect to our website by following a marketing email sent by Atempo or by filling in a form on our website). This type of analysis and personalisation cookie allows us to understand how websites are used, to track the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and navigation between website areas.
From 30 min to 13 months depending on the cookies and the component used (see third-party audience measurement cookies section below)
Session ID cookie
strictly required for Website or support and partner portal operation of which the purpose is to maintain members’ sessions following their authentication
Duration varies depending on the type of module and use. For support and partner portals, see this link documenting the types of cookie and how long they are kept.
Preference cookies
collect information about your choices and preferences and are used to store language or other local settings in order to personalise your Website visitor experience.
Duration stored for 24 hours.
In compliance with CNIL (French data privacy watchdog) recommendations, these cookies do not require your prior consent. You may object to and remove them using your browser settings, however your Website visitor experience may be deteriorated.
THIRD PARTY AUDIENCE MEASUREMENT COOKIES
These Cookies are used to assess the use of the Website by collecting information about your navigation. This information is collected in order to carry out audience measurements and compile statistics with a view to improving the quality of the services provided by the Website.
– Google Analytics
ATEMPO uses Google Analytics to collect information on the use you make of the Website.
For more information on these cookies, please read their conditions of use at the following link.
Furthermore, using your browser, you can manage and deactivate these Cookies directly using the following link.
– Hubspot
ATEMPO also uses Hubspot to collect information about your use of the Website.
For more information on these cookies, please read their conditions of use at the following link.
For Hubspot cookie retention times see this article.
SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES
Inserts relaying social media postings may place cookies that let you share pages and content that you find interesting from our websites, subscription service or mobile applications through third party social media and other websites.
On the Website, certain sharing buttons are integrated through third party applications that can issue this type of Cookie:
Cookie Categories
Cookie information and management
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Twitter
https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
Youtube
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Linkedin
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy?_l=en_EN
2-	How do you configure Cookies?
You are free to accept or refuse all or part of the Cookies that are subject to your prior consent using our Cookie Manager.
Furthermore, most browsers are configured by default to allow the storage of cookies. Your browser allows you to change these standard settings, as well as to delete existing cookies stored on your terminal equipment, or to notify you if new cookies are likely to be stored on your terminal. However, if you choose to disable Cookies from your browser, you may no longer be able to take advantage of all the features we offer through the Website.
For more information on how to configure Cookies, refer to following websites:
The CNIL website (in French): http://www.cnil.fr/vos-libertes/vos-traces/les-cookies/
For Internet Explorer™: http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
For Safari™: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1677?viewlocale=fr_FR,
For Chrome™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr,
For Firefox™ : https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies,
For Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html.
Le site Atempo ne fonctionnera probablement pas très bien dans ce navigateur. Nous ne prenons généralement en charge que les versions récentes des principaux navigateurs tels que Chrome, Firefox, Safari et Edge et nous vous conseillons donc d'utiliser un de ces navigateurs.
Cookies and other technologies
Atempo collects and uses your personal data very sparingly. By clicking on "Accept", you accept the use of Atempo and third party cookies as well as other similar technologies to improve your browsing experience, analyze and measure your engagement with our content. Find out more about our cookie policy. You can also modify or remove your cookie-related consent at any time by using the cookie settings icon located at the bottom right of your screen.
As a side note, you can also manage your contact preferences to partially or totally unsubscribe from our communications.
Accept
Cookie Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Configuration personnelle
Décidez quels cookies vous souhaitez autoriser ou non.Vous pouvez modifier ces paramètres à tout moment. Cependant, cela peut avoir pour conséquence que certaines fonctionnalités ne seront plus disponibles. Pour plus d'informations sur la suppression des cookies, veuillez consulter la fonction d'aide de votre navigateur.
En savoir plus sur les cookies que nous utilisons et notre politique de cookies.
Avec le curseur, vous pouvez activer ou désactiver différents types de cookies:
Block all
Essentials
Functionality
Analytics
Advertising
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selected
This website won't
Remember your login detailsFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and country
This website won't
Analytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions
This website won't
Advertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will
Functionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies)Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website won't
Remember your login details
Save & Close