http://www.cri-mms.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Products & Demos
MMS Online
CR Family Mobile – secure mobile access for parents
MMS Payment Portal
Vision- Data Visualization
MMS Lunchtime Management
MMS Enrollment Packets
One Call Now
Principalm
School Health Solutions
MMS Gradebook
MMS Integrations
MMS Integration via Clever
Fundraising Management
Common Core and State Standards
Office Portal
Parent Portal
Teacher Portal
Training & Support
Download Software Updates
Knowledge Base
Instructional Videos
Register for Live Webinars
Webinar Library
MMS Support Tiers
Solutions
State Projects and Reporting for Public Districts
Pennsylvania- Student Information Management and State Reporting
Massachusetts- Student Information Management and State Reporting
Student Information for Charter Schools
Catholic School & Diocesan Student Info Management
Scheduling solutions for Catholic schools
News
Newsroom
Case Studies and White Papers
About Us
Contact Us
Software as a Service
Partners
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
The following discloses our information gathering and usage practices for the Computer Resources, LLC. website. The CRI-MMS.com site offers several opportunities for visitors to register for promotional and informational mailings, or to receive assistance in evaluating our software and services. We use this contact information to send users information about our company and its products and services. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time.
Computer Resources, LLC. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Information Tracked
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. We also track browser types to help us understand our visitors’ needs related to our web site design. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Our site’s request information forms require contact information such as your name, company, e-mail address, as well as information to help us determine your needs related to our software solutions. We use this information to send requested literature, materials, updates, promotions, or news about our company, and to contact you if requested or necessary.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that enable our systems to recognize your browser. Client-side cookies are used to track point of entry, point of exit, and page usage statistics in order for us to track and measure the success of our web site in meeting your informational needs, or the success of a particular marketing campaign. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you, sending materials based on your request for information, or providing Computer Resources, LLC. news and promotions that match your interests.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. Computer Resources, LLC. takes care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors’ security and privacy among our employees.
Choice/Opt-out
You may opt-in and opt-out of receiving communications from us by sending an e-mail to info@cri-mms.com.
Notification of Changes
We will post any changes to this privacy statement on www.cri-mms.com.