http://www.everythingt1.com/privacy.html
home
partners
about us
contact us
site map
Everything T1 | Privacy
Privacy Policy
Everything T1, Inc. is dedicated to protecting their consumers' privacy, and has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate their firm commitment to your privacy on their web site. Everything T1, Inc. gathers all information using secure ordering, which provides peace of mind and a more personalized shopping experience. To show their dedication to consumer privacy, Everything T1, Inc. has agreed to disclose their information handling practices.
Information Collection and Use
Everything T1, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on its web sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Everything T1, Inc. collects information from our users on the order forms. This information will only be used for order fulfillment and customer service purposes.
Ordering and Order Fulfillment
Everything T1, Inc. request information from the user on our order forms. Here, a user provides contact information and credit card information. This information is used for billing purposes and order fulfillment. If we have trouble processing an order, the contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.
E-mail Privacy
Everything T1, Inc. does not send unsolicited e-mail to its customers. When you purchase online from Everything T1, Inc., we will contact you by e-mail to confirm your order and to update you on the status of your order. Your account executive may occasionally send you promotional or product information. Please let your account executive know if you do not wish to receive such e-mails.
Your account information
Only authorized sales, customer service and accounting personnel have access to your account information. Your payment information is only shared amongst authorized accounting personnel, as needed to fulfill your order.
Security
Everything T1, Inc. takes every precaution to protect its customers' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Internet, your information is protected online and offline. In the ordering process, Everything T1, Inc. is protected and encrypted with Verisign SSL software.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy statement please contact Everything T1, Inc. at info@everythingt1.com.
Browse
Business Solutions
Internet Services
Data Solutions
Voice Services
VPN Solutions
Integrated Services
Business SDSL
Internet T-1
DS-3
Local Service
Long Distance
Special Offers
Partners
Referral Partners
Agent Partners
Media
Participating Carriers
Testimonials
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
About Us
Contact Us
Hardware
ISP'S
Consultants
Glossary
FAQ's
T1 Recources
Site Map
Get a quote
This form is for business only
E-Mail Address
Insatallation Phone
(
)
-
Multiple Locations?
From 2 sites to 99,000
Learn how we make  your purchase & install a breeze. [learn more]
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map
©2020 EverythingT1.com - All rights reserved
T1 Los Angeles
T1 Dallas
T1 San Diego
T1 Houston
T1 San Jose
T1 Las Vegas
T1 Miami
T1 San Francisco
T1 Chicago
T1 Minneapolis
T1 Seattle
T1 Boston
T1 Austin
T1 San Antonio
T1 Atlanta