https://www.ntinow.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyI. NTINOW.EDU, NTINOW.COM and NORTHEASTTECH.COM PRIVACY STATEMENTAt NTI we value your right not to be bothered by machines – we do NOT use automated telephone dialing systems or robo-callers!The NTINOW.EDU, NTINOW.COM and NORTHEASTTECH.com web sites are committed to protecting your privacy; we take online privacy issues seriously and pledge to earn and keep your trust. All of the personal information that you supply to us is kept confidential and secure and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.We are a permission-based site; we provide information and services and then let you decide if you want to participate. In order for many of these services to be useful, or to enable us to craft these offerings to your specific needs, we ask you to provide certain information about yourself. We take great care to protect this information.When you submit an application through NTINOW.EDU, NTINOW.COM and NORTHEASTTECH.com you can be confident your information is safe and secure. Our website and facility has been built to ensure your personal data is protected. Extraordinary measures have been taken to ensure the security of our customer’s data and transactions.II. GeoTrust CERTIFICATION OF NTINOW.EDU, NTINOW.COM and NORTHEASTTECH.COMNTINOW.EDU, NTINOW.COM and NORTHEASTTECH.COM are members of the GeoTrust program and follows GeoTtrust’s privacy principles. GeoTrust, Inc., a leader in trust solutions for the Internet security infrastructure, is paving the way to a new world of trust and business opportunity. GeoTrust’s second-generation Internet trust solutions, based on breakthrough identity trust and world-class digital certificate technologies, enable Web sites, enterprises and individuals to safely exploit the Internet. Because NTINOW.EDU, NTINOW.COM and NORTHEASTTECH.com want to demonstrate its commitment to respecting your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and privacy practices reviewed for compliance by GeoTrust.Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the site manager.  tes
Testimonials NTI was the best choice for me. The learning environment was amazing. The staff and instructors went above and beyond. Thank You ALL!Facebook Reviews Just completed the CDL course on first attempt, great staff/training on campus and at the yard. 4 job offers with more Best decision I’ve ever made! Thank you Bangor campus for pushing me towards my goals!! I would definitely recommend going to NTI. I studied and became a medical assistant at the Bangor campus, everyone is more NTI has partnerships with hundreds of organizations throughout Maine.
NTI is accredited by the Commission of the Council on Occupational Education.
Financial Aid, GI Bill®, and Grants for those who qualify. Find out more.
×