http://www.vertexinc.com/cookie-policy
Home
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate data.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s system to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. The Vertex website use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
This website uses Google Analytics Demographic and Interest reports for more detailed information when it pertains to website usage and website enhancements. This website also uses G2, TrustRadius, Trustpilot, Multiview, StackAdapt and the Google AdWords remarketing and retargeting services to advertise on third-party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, G2, TrustRadius, Trustpilot, StackAdapt and Multiview use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the vertexinc.com website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and the third-party vendor’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page. If you want to opt out of interest-based advertising entirely, you can do so through your cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.