http://www.telco.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the Telco Systems and its affiliates (hereinafter – "TELCO") online privacy policy (hereinafter – "Privacy Policy") for the TELCO website (hereinafter – "Site"). By accessing, browsing, visiting and/or using the Site You hereby accept and agree without any limitation or qualification, to be legally bound and subject to the Privacy Policy as specified herein in this document.Collection of personal information: In order to respond to your enquires or fulfill your requests, it may be necessary to ask for personal information, such as but not limited to, your name, address, sex, email contact address and telephone number. We may use this information to respond to your enquiries while you are using the Site, or to contact you via mail, email, telephone or any other social network which you provided to us and/or to notify you of any new products, services, applications that we may be offering our customers. We agree not to provide this information to a third party without your permission, except as necessary to process your enquiry.Consent to receive adverts and commercial offers from TELCO: By your using the TELCO Site, you hereby confirm that you agree expressly and without qualification to receive from TELCO, from time to time, to the email, electronic, or cellular addresses or numbers that you give to us, notices on new products, services and special offers, and this constitutes "consent" within the provisions of section 30 of the Israeli Telecommunications Law. If you wish to discontinue receiving any such notices and/or offers from TELCO, you are entitled to send us a request to be removed from our "mailing list" and TELCO will use all reasonable measures to do so within a reasonable time.Collection of non-personal information: TELCO is committed to the privacy of all visitors to the Site. TELCO may however provide aggregate statistics about its customers, traffic patterns and related Site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will include no personal identifying data or information.Updates to information on the Site: TELCO may, at its option, or at your request, replace, modify, erase, or remove any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data or information on the Site. We may keep any or all information in an off-line form, or for archival purposes or as otherwise required by law. In the event that any information is erased you may no longer be able to access certain areas of our Site. TELCO makes no warranties or representations regarding the completeness or accuracy of any or all data or information being presented in the Site and all such information is provided to the visitor "as is".Cookies: From time to time, TELCO may place information on your (the visitor's) computer to allow us to identify you. This information is commonly referred to as "cookies". TELCO will only use cookies to view information on your hard drive that was put there by a cookie from this Site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many web sites use them. If you do not wish or consent to receive cookies, or wish to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your browser to do so, if your browser so permits. In addition, the IR portion of our website may use cookies to collect traffic data.Amendments: TELCO may, at its option, without notice, change, amend, modify or withdraw access to the Site and this privacy policy. The materials presented here are summary in nature, subject to change and intended for general informational purposes only.Disclaimer: TELCO assumes no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any other web site, company or organization, including web sites that may be accessed through any link from this TELCO Site.Order of Preference: the terms of this privacy policy are subject to the TELCO Terms of Use of the Site which are hereby incorporated by reference. The TELCO website Terms of Use must be observed and complied with by you – the visitor, as a precondition to your using this Site.© 2018 All rights reserved to Telco Systems
Established in 1972, Telco Systems brings over 40 years of experience to the design and development of advanced, high-performance telecom network communications solutions. Our market-leading solutions enable service providers to create and operate high quality, service assured, carrier-grade, intelligent networks. They provide the capabilities for service differentiation that enable new forms of revenue production, maximizing network profitability.
Recent Blog Posts
How uCPE Solutions Improve the Efficiency and Velocity of Managed SD-WAN Operations
Nov 26, 2020
Why a uCPE Installer is essential for the success of your whitebox strategy
Nov 18, 2020
How we created a fully automated, low cost uCPE solution for MSPs that also expedites deployment
Sep 22, 2020
What service providers should know about the affects of COVID-19 and how to prepare for the ‘new normal’
Jul 8, 2020
Useful Links
Home
Solutions
Products
Support
News Center
Resources
Partners
About Us
Contact Us
Telco Systems, A BATM CompanyUS Headquarters15 Berkshire RoadMansfield, MA 02048Tel.: +1 800 221 2849, +1 781 551 0300Fax: +1 781 255 2344International Headquarters13 HaYetsira StreetYokneam Illit, IsraelTel.: +972 4 909 6444, +972 4 909 6476Fax: +972 4 993 7926