http://www.electrosoft-inc.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Top Menu
Careers
Current Openings
Life @ Electrosoft
News
Electroblog
Contact Us
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, company name, and phone number if you are requesting us to contact you. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you is used to respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children’s’ Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please complete our Contact Us Form.
We Are Hiring
Join Our Team
At Electrosoft we pride ourselves on the dynamic projects we deliver - challenge yourself and join our team!
Join Our Team
Our Talent Network
Our Talent Network
Electrosoft is always adding new opportunities. Join our Talent Network and let your next career opportunity find you.
Join Our Talent Network
Location
Corporate Headquarters
1893 Metro Center Drive Suite #228
Reston, VA 20190
Contact Us
CERTIFICATIONS
FOLLOW US
linkedin twitter
Electrosoft  I  Copyright © 2020  All Rights Reserved.  I Terms & Conditions  I  Privacy Policy
Top