https://www.telemate.net/terms-conditions/
15 Min Consult
Terms & ConditionsTeleMate.Net Software (“TeleMate”) maintains this site (the “Site”) for your information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without written permission from TeleMate.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and TeleMate that may govern or affect your access and use of the Site, regardless of form, is null and void.
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the prior written permission of TeleMate. TeleMate neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with TeleMate.
While TeleMate uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, TeleMate makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. TeleMate assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither TeleMate nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Because our website is provided to you “As Is,” you agree that TeleMate shall not be liable to you or any third party for any delay in delivery of, or failure to deliver any of your communications or other information you submit using our website. Because our website is provided to you “AS AVAILABLE,” you agree that TeleMate shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of our website or your ability to access it. TeleMate also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, TeleMate. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
TeleMate has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
TeleMate may also, in its sole discretion and at anytime, discontinue the TeleMate website, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that you do not have any rights in our website and that TeleMate will have no liability to you if this website is discontinued or your ability to access our website is terminated.
TeleMate may have websites which have additional or different terms and conditions such as the Partner portals. Your use of these websites shall be governed by the terms and conditions posted on those websites.
TeleMate may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Content accessible through links
TeleMate websites may have links to other web sites outside of the TeleMate domains. These sites are beyond our control even if the site has banner advertisements and links from advertisers, sponsors and content partners that may use our logo(s). These third-party sites may have different terms of use and privacy policy and we are not responsible for the activity on these sites. Further, we are not responsible for the accuracy, relevance, legality or decency of material contained on these sites.
Products
On Premise
Cloud
Hybrid
UC&C Audit Service
Features
Sources
Voice
Contact Center
Video
Collaboration
Email
Managed Services / Cloud UC&C
Statistical Analytics
KPI Modeling
Endpoint Geo-Location
Interactive Heatmaps
Cradle to Grave Visualization
SIP Ladder
Event Log Management
Real-time Dashboards
Automated Reporting
Role-based Access Controls
Multi-Tenant Security
Solutions
Workplace Analytics
Predictive Analytics
UC Service Modeling
Adoption Analysis
User Experience Analytics
Troubleshooting
Contact Center Performance
Traffic Management
CDR Reporting
Cost Allocation
Invoicing and Billing
Expense Management
Regulatory Compliance
Service Assurance
UC Devices
Network Devices
Event Log Management
Benefits
Top Line
Faster Time to Market
Increase Sales
Increased Productivity
Customer Retention
Customer Satisfaction
Campaign Tracking
Bottom Line
Single Solution
Reduced Headcount
Adoption Analysis
UC License Alignment
Improved QoS
Quicker Troubleshooting
SLA Monitoring
Services
Technical Support
Professional Services
Technical Audits
UC Data Analyst
Company
About Us
Leadership
News
Partners
Premier Partners
Government Partners
Careers
Contact Us