https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt00000008VQEAA2
Skip to content
Webgroup Media, LLC.
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Cerb
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Software
Application Software
Participation
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
1/8/2019
Next Certification Due Date: 11/9/2021
Data Collected:
NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
1/8/2019
Next Certification Due Date: 11/9/2021
Data Collected:
NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
We develop and sell Cerb, a software application (as-a-service and on-premises) for sharing team inboxes, building collaborative workspaces, managing customer relationships, and automating business workflows. We maintain profiles on our customers and their organizations based on past interactions (e.g. email address, gender, date of birth, IP addresses, public social media photos, organizational affiliation and job title, email support history, and order history). With Cerb Cloud, we act as a data processor for companies around the world. Due to the customizable design of Cerb, our clients (as data controllers) may store any kind of personal data about their own clients (as data subjects). Depending on the nature of our clients' organization, or the type of email they receive (e.g. newsletters, receipts, test results), this may include sensitive personal data -- race/ethnicity, political opinions, religion, health, sexuality, etc. Aside from what processing is necessary to provide the service (e.g. web server access logs, storage, aggregate usage info), we do not directly process personal information within our clients' databases. All data is securely stored in Amazon Web Services within the us-west-2 (US-Oregon) region.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
Privacy Policy - Webgroup Media
LLC (Cerb)
Description:
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites and services. We do not sell any personally identifiable information or data stored in Cerb Cloud to third-parties. We do not directly share your information with third-parties without explicit permission except to comply with the law or to provide necessary infrastructure in connection with the services you request; however, there is some passive risk of exposure to third-party access inherent in web-based services that is outlined within. We do our best to mitigate and minimize these risks on your behalf.
Effective Date: 5/24/2018
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Webgroup Media, LLC. at:
Jeff Standen Managing Partner
Webgroup Media, LLC.
22931 Savi Ranch Pkwy
Yorba Linda, California
92887
team@cerb.ai
Phone: (714) 671-9090
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Webgroup Media, LLC. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
JAMS Privacy Shield Program
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Webgroup Media, LLC. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission