http://www.watchwise.net/privacy-policy.htm
WatchWise Home Page
Business Intelligence
IT Business Intelligence
Information Management System
Business Intelligence: Data Analytics
Data Mining
Analysis Software for Business
Data Analysis for Business
Data Management
Data Storage
Data Warehousing
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation and search terms;
(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services.
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including your name and the names of other individuals you provide to us).
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including placing comments or feedback on any section of this website);
(e) any other information that you choose to send to us;
Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website.
We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; we will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognize you when you visit.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;
(d) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(e) provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
(f) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties. By using this website you expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
If you would like to contact us about the privacy policy please complete the feedback form.
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Back to the WatchWise Homepage
© 2011 WatchWise.net. All rights reserved