http://www.mypaperlessoffice.com/legal
Legal
Home
About
Legal
Legal
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which EmCentrix, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Clients (“you” or “your”) of the www.mypaperlessoffice.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
Please note this privacy policy does not apply to individual employees, but rather governs the use of the service for Clients. If you are an employee of company that uses EmCentrix's services, please refer to your company's privacy policy which applies to the collection, use, processing, and retention of your personal information. If you have questions or need help accessing your personal employment data, or if you wish to change or remove your data, please contact your employer for assistance.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.mypaperlessoffice.com/legal
Definitions
Service
Service is the https://www.mypaperlessoffice.com website, the MyPaperLessOffice web application owned and operated by EmCentrix, and the services offered by EmCentrix.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, you (the Client) are the Data Controller of your company’s and your employees’ Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
EmCentrix acts as a Data Processor on behalf of Clients that choose to utilize our services. Additionally, we may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/
Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting us or updating your account preferences. Note that you cannot opt out of service related emails sent as part of the functionality of the Service, such as welcome emails, forgot password emails, billing emails, and other emails directly related to the service you have subscribed to, though some service related alerts can be configured or disabled by a Client’s administrator users.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
EmCentrix uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Service or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission or if your company is utilizing our products.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), EmCentrix, Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
EmCentrix may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you or your employer
You or your employer has given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
EmCentrix will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data for as long as you remain a Client or as needed to provide you with services, and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
EmCentrix may also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
EmCentrix will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If EmCentrix is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, EmCentrix may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
EmCentrix may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of EmCentrix, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Service and its Clients happens over a TLS secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon in your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. Data is also encrypted at rest. While we use encryption and other safeguards to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g., billing, customer service, technical support, etc.) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. EmCentrix aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you are a Client and wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. If you are an employee of a Client, please contact your employer.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where EmCentrix, Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal / Braintree
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@emcentrix.com
By submitting a contact request on our website: https://www.mypaperlessoffice.com/contact-us
By phone: 888-832-8428
By mail: EmCentrix, Inc.
6300 Canoga Ave, Suite 530
Woodland Hills, CA 91367 USA
This document was last updated on May 16, 2019.
Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", “Agreement”) carefully. These terms govern your use of the products and services provided hereunder by EmCentrix, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our"), including the mypaperlessoffice.com website, MyPaperLessOffice web application, and MyPaperLessOffice or EmCentrix-branded apps (the "Service").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Term and Termination
By signing up for a subscription or free trial, EmCentrix grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive right to access and use the MyPaperLessOffice web application and documentation (collectively, the “Service”), subject to these Terms and any usage restrictions set forth. These Terms will remain in effect until your subscription has been canceled or the Agreement has been terminated by you or EmCentrix. If you sign up for a free trial and have not purchased a subscription before the end of the trial period, this Agreement will be terminated at the end of the trial period.
This Agreement will become effective on the date you sign up and will continue to remain in force as long as you maintain an active subscription with EmCentrix, until the Agreement is terminated by you or EmCentrix.
By providing written notice to the other party, a party may terminate this Agreement at any time for any of the following reasons:
You may cancel your subscription at any time by notifying EmCentrix using the Cancel Subscription option inside the online web portal or by notifying us in writing.
The other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure the breach within 30 days of receiving written notice of the breach.
A petition in bankruptcy is filed by or against the other party.
A receiver is appointed on account of the insolvency of the other party.
An assignment is made of the other party’s business for the benefit of its creditors.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, any obligation to pay any amounts owed but unpaid, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Usage and Restrictions
You shall not (nor allow any third party to) directly or indirectly:
Decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, decipher, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any part of the Service.
Violate the intellectual property or other rights of EmCentrix, including, without limitation, (i) copying or distributing our technology without consent or (ii) copying or distributing our documentation or other materials without consent or (iii) removing any product identification, copyright or proprietary notices from copies of our documentation or branded materials.
Except with the express written permission of EmCentrix, modify or incorporate the Service into other software or create a derivative work from any part of the Service.
Use the Service to upload, transmit or otherwise distribute any content that is unlawful, fraudulent, abusive, threatening, obscene, contains malware, viruses, worms, or any other harmful code, or is otherwise objectionable as reasonably determined by EmCentrix.
Utilize the Service to conduct unlawful or fraudulent activity.
Attempt to breach the Service’s security and authentication measures, gain unauthorized access to accounts that are not yours, or attempt interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Service (e.g., denial of service attacks, viruses, spam, brute force attacks, man-in-the-middle attacks).
Attempt to mirror or otherwise simulate the appearance or function of the Service.
Develop, support, or use software, devices, scripts, robots, or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, or any other technology) to scrape or otherwise copy data from the Service without EmCentrix’s consent.
Encumber, timeshare, sublicense, rent or lease the rights granted by this Agreement.
The Service shall at all times reside on EmCentrix’s (or its representatives’) servers and you shall have no right to any object or source code of the Service.
You shall not access the Service via any Web site other than mypaperlessoffice.com or a subdomain of mypaperlessoffice.com, or the custom site or link provided for the customer (the “Customer’s Site”) by EmCentrix.
If you are a reseller signing up for the Service on behalf of a Customer, you represent that you are duly authorized to represent the entity and accept the terms of this Agreement on behalf of such entity, and any references to “you” in this Agreement refer to such entity and all of its employees, consultants, and agents. You are responsible for all activity on the Service that occurs under your account.
Services
EmCentrix will provide to you the Service with the features as set forth in your subscription plan.
The Service is to be provided over the internet and accessed via a web browser or other device owned or controlled by you for your internal business use. The Service may be available in free or paid subscription plans at various plan tiers, and not all features or functionality of the Service may be available in each plan tier. The Service is subject to change without notice. EmCentrix reserves the right to, at its sole discretion, modify, add, or remove features or functionality of the Service on a temporary or permanent basis, without liability to you or any third party.
EmCentrix shall provide you with basic support by help desk in connection with your use of the Service at no additional charge, and with upgraded support if included in your subscription or purchased separately. In order for EmCentrix to meet its service obligations, you agree to notify EmCentrix promptly following the discovery of any error. Further, upon discovery of an error, you agree, if requested by EmCentrix, to submit to EmCentrix a listing of output and any other data that EmCentrix may require in order to reproduce the error and the operating conditions under which the error occurred or was discovered. In addition, you are responsible for obtaining, installing, and maintaining all equipment, internet connections, telephone lines, communications interfaces, operating systems, web browsers, and any hardware necessary to access and use the Service.
EmCentrix shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Service available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for planned downtime, the termination of your subscription or this Agreement, or any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond EmCentrix’s reasonable control. You agree that EmCentrix will not be responsible for delays or outages caused by events or circumstances beyond its reasonable control (see Section 14. Force Majeure).
EmCentrix shall maintain commercially reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the Service, and the security of your Data. EmCentrix shall not disclose your Data except as compelled by Applicable Law or as you expressly authorize in writing, or access your Data except to provide the Service and prevent or address service or technical problems, or at your express request in connection with customer support matters. In the event we are compelled by Applicable Law to disclose your Data, we will provide you with notice thereof if permitted by Applicable Law.
Communications
By creating an Account on our Service, you agree to receive communications from EmCentrix about your account, including communications about billing, customer support, and email alerts sent as part of the functionality of the Service. You also agree that we may send you newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information. However, you may opt out of receiving any marketing communications from us by updating your communication preferences within the website or by contacting us via the contact methods described below.
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis ("Billing Cycle"). Billing cycles are set on a monthly basis, unless otherwise specified by us in writing.
At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or EmCentrix cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting EmCentrix’s customer support team.
A valid payment method, such as a credit card, is required to process the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide EmCentrix with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize EmCentrix to charge all Subscription fees incurred through your account to any such payment instruments.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, EmCentrix will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
Free Trial
EmCentrix may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a free trial for a limited period of time ("Free Trial").
You may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign up for the Free Trial.
If you do enter your billing information when signing up for the Free Trial, you will not be charged by EmCentrix, until the Free Trial has expired. On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you cancelled your Subscription, you will be automatically charged the applicable Subscription fees for the type of Subscription you have selected.
At any time and without notice, EmCentrix reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.
Payment Terms
Unless otherwise provided, all invoices shall be due within 30 days of receipt and all scheduled payments shall be due on the scheduled due date.
All amounts shall be deemed past due if payment is not received within 10 business days from the due date.
Past due amounts will bear interest at the lesser of one and one-half percent (1 ½ %) per month or the maximum allowable interest under applicable law, from the due date until paid in full.
In the event Customer does not pay when due any amount under this Agreement, EmCentrix reserves the right to suspend the services it provides hereunder and exercise and assert all of its rights and remedies contained in this Agreement and under applicable law.
All fees and payments stated herein exclude, and the party making payment shall pay, any sales, use or other tax related to the parties’ performance of their respective obligations or exercise of their respective rights under this Agreement, exclusive of taxes based on the receiving party’s net income.
Customer shall pay reasonable out-of-pocket travel and subsistence expenses incurred substantially in accordance with EmCentrix’s then-current expense reimbursement policy if customer requires onsite training or support. EmCentrix will invoice expenses monthly. Invoices for expenses are due upon receipt.
Fee Changes
EmCentrix, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees for the Subscriptions. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Billing Cycle.
EmCentrix will provide you with at least 30 days prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give you an opportunity to terminate your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
Refunds
Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.
Content
Depending on the features available to you in your selected Subscription, our Service may allow you to upload, post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through the Service. However, by posting Content using the Service you grant us the right and license to use, modify, perform, display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service.
In addition, Content found on or through this Service is the property of EmCentrix or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a company name or username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Intellectual Property
Except as provided in Section (c) below, EmCentrix retains all ownership and title to the Service, the Documentation and all portions, modifications and copies thereof (including interface programs) created or adapted by EmCentrix and/or its contractors pursuant to this Agreement.
EmCentrix retains all copyright and other intellectual property rights in everything EmCentrix develops either before or during the course of this Agreement, including the Services, methodologies, software, the Documentation and know-how. Subject to Section (c), below, EmCentrix also retains all copyright and other intellectual property rights in all reports, written advice or other materials provided by EmCentrix to the Customer.
Customer shall have the limited right to use and reproduce all materials developed by EmCentrix under this Agreement internally for the term of this Agreement.
All documentation and information, including but not limited to, programs, specifications, technical information and data, made available to EmCentrix by Customer in connection with this Agreement (collectively, “Customer Property”) is the exclusive property of Customer. Such Customer Property shall be used by EmCentrix only in connection with the performance of the Service, and, at the written request of the Customer, all copies of the Customer Property together with any notes and/or summaries thereof (whether handwritten or mechanically produced) shall be delivered to Customer upon the termination of this Agreement.
Customer represents to EmCentrix that Customer alone owns all Customer Property and all other information which it may deliver or supply to EmCentrix from time to time and that neither supplying the Customer Property or other information nor EmCentrix’s use of the information will violate any license, agreement or applicable law.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by EmCentrix.
EmCentrix has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that EmCentrix, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Force Majeure
Neither EmCentrix (including its providers and suppliers) nor Customer shall be held responsible or be deemed to be in default under this Agreement for any delay or failure in performance of any of their respective obligations hereunder (other than failure to make payments as required herein) if such delay or failure is the result of causes beyond the control and without negligence of the party with respect to whose obligations such delay or failure in performance has occurred. Such causes shall include, but not be limited to, acts of God, strikes, lockouts, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, sabotage, embargoes, blockades, acts of war, acts or failures to act of any governmental or regulatory body (whether civil or military, domestic or foreign), governmental regulations superimposed after the fact, communication line failures, computer hardware failures, power failures, fires, explosions, floods, accidents, epidemics, earthquakes or other natural or man made disasters, and all occurrences similar to the foregoing (collectively referred to herein as “Force Majeure”).
The party affected by an event of Force Majeure, upon giving prompt notice to the other party of the nature of the event of Force Majeure and the expected length of the delay, shall be excused from performance hereunder on a day to day basis to the extent of such prevention, restriction or interference (and the other party shall likewise be excused from performance of its obligations on a day to day basis to the extent that such obligations relate to the performance so prevented, restricted, or interfered with); provided, however, the party so affected shall use all reasonable good faith efforts to avoid or remove such cause of non-performance and to minimize the consequences thereof and both parties shall resume performance hereunder forthwith upon removal of such cause. No payment shall be required for any period of Force Majeure.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless EmCentrix and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall EmCentrix, Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance. EmCentrix its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements. You agree and acknowledge that the services to be provided by EmCentrix under this agreement are and will remain the provision of information only and will not be deemed to constitute advice (legal, accounting, professional, or otherwise), management, decision-making, or consulting of any nature. Consequently, you and not EmCentrix, will be responsible and liable for all matters relating to any of your employees, businesses, or policies, including, without limitation, all matters relating to the dominion, control, management, hiring, firing, promotion, disciplining, or retirement of any employees and all payroll, tax, withholding, benefits, pension, insurance (including, without limitation, workers compensation, health, medical, life, disability, and unemployment insurance), discrimination, sexual harassment, union, collective bargaining, employee plan, employee manual, health, and safety matters. You and not EmCentrix will be responsible for the foregoing and for the compliance of the foregoing with all applicable law.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Informal Dispute Resolution
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the breach thereof or the relationship of the parties (“Dispute”) under this Agreement shall be resolved as follows:
Upon written request of either party, both parties shall appoint a designated representative whose task it will be to meet for the purpose of endeavoring to resolve such Dispute.
The designated representatives shall meet as often as the parties reasonably deem necessary to discuss the problem in an effort to resolve the Dispute without the necessity of any formal proceeding.
Formal proceedings for the resolution of a Dispute may not be commenced until the earlier of: (i) the designated representatives concluding in good faith that amicable resolution through continued negotiation of the matter does not appear likely; or (ii) the expiration of the 30 day period immediately following the initial request to negotiate the Dispute.
Dispute Resolution
If EmCentrix and Customer cannot reach a mutually agreeable settlement through conciliation within the time frame set forth in Section 19, they agree that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled solely and exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified herein.
Each demand for arbitration shall describe the claim and relief sought. Disputes will be heard and determined by a panel of three arbitrators who each are experienced and knowledgeable in the practices generally of the data processing industry, and at least one of the arbitrators will be an attorney. One arbitrator will be appointed by each party to serve on the panel. The two arbitrators will appoint one neutral arbitrator. If the two arbitrators selected cannot agree on the appointment of the third arbitrator within 20 days of their appointment, or if either party shall fail to appoint its arbitrator within 20 days after receipt of notice of demand for arbitration, such arbitrator(s) not appointed shall be selected and appointed by the AAA upon application of either party. Unless the parties agree otherwise, the place of arbitration shall be Los Angeles, California.
Upon any award of the majority of the arbitrators shall be final, binding and conclusive and may be entered upon the motion of either party in any court having jurisdiction thereof or having jurisdiction over one or more of the parties or their assets.
The award of the arbitrators may grant any relief that might be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Either party, before or during any arbitration, may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief where such relief is necessary to protect its interests pending completion of the arbitration.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:
By email: support@emcentrix.com
By submitting a contact request on our website: https://www.mypaperlessoffice.com/contact-us
By phone: 888-832-8428
By mail:
EmCentrix, Inc.
6300 Canoga Ave, Suite 530
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
USA
Last updated: May 16, 2019
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Try MyPaperLessOffice for free now!
Want to know more? Sign up for a free trial, or contact us for more information.
Name
Email
Try It Free