https://www.gigaspaces.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyGigaSpaces2020-10-04T09:01:31+00:00
Thank you for visiting gigaspaces.com (together with all content on the site including subdomains and other websites operated by GigaSpaces Technologies Ltd. or its affiliates and subsidiaries (“GigaSpaces”), the “Website”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy“) explains the accepted privacy practices for our online services at the Website (the “Services”). It describes the ways in which your Personal Information (as defined below) is collected and used, and the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
“Personal Information” means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.
A.  CONSENT
By using this Website, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to GigaSpaces’ processing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website and Services.
B. PRIVACY SHIELD
GigaSpaces complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, retention of personal data transferred from European Union member countries to the United States. GigaSpaces has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
It is important to note, however, that GigaSpaces’ Website and Services may be operated via servers situated in the United States and elsewhere. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information which you supply to GigaSpaces (including, without limitation, Personal Information) may be transferred to, processed, and used in the United States and elsewhere. By accessing and/or using the Website and Services provisioned by GigaSpaces, you irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the transfer, processing, and use of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. GigaSpaces accepts full accountability and responsibility for the protection of your Personal Information, according to the applicable privacy legislation, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and this Privacy Policy, during the course of these onward transfers to third parties.
C. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We collect information using cookies and other web technologies. Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as cookies to collect certain information.
“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your hard drive by a web server when access our services. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the services and to tell us how and when you interact with our services. We also use cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our services and to customize and improve our services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you log off from the services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you will not be able to access all portions or features of the services. We engage third party services providers, who may also place their own cookies on your hard drive. Note that this privacy policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by such third parties.
Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our services. It may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a user was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our services to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our services that a user clicked on, commands executed when using our services, features of the services accessed, information about the types and size of files analyzed via the services, and other statistics.
D. PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT GIGASPACES COLLECTS
In the course of downloading white papers or other information available on the Website, or while completing contact forms on our Website, we will require you to provide mandatory Personal Information, including your name, phone number, email address, employer, job title and general areas of interest, as well as optional information. We will explicitly indicate the fields designated for mandatory completion. If you do not enter the requisite data in the mandatory fields, you will not be able complete the relevant contact form. It’s important that you understand there is no requirement by law for you to provide GigaSpaces with your personal details – the information you share with us is entirely voluntary.
We request that you provide GigaSpaces with complete, accurate and correct details. Your failure to do so will likely result in GigaSpaces being unable to contact you about your inquiries into our Services.
If, at any time, you provide GigaSpaces with personal details about another person, you expressly represent and warrant that you received that person’s explicit written consent to provide such details to GigaSpaces.
E. ANALYTICAL TOOLS
We may use various tools to collect information about your use of the Website and Services (“Analytical Tools”), such as Google Analytics. Analytical Tools collect information such as how often users visit the Website and Services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Website. We use the information we get from Analytical Tools to maintain and improve the Website and Services. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Analytical Tools with personally identifiable information. With respect to Google’s “Google Analytics” tool (“Google Analytics”), Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Website and Services is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service, available at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, and the Google Privacy Policy, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
F. USE OF INFORMATION
We will store the information you provide and the information we collect about your activity on the Website throughout our local and foreign databases (the “Databases“). We reserve the right to use such information for the following purposes:
To provide the Services on the Website and to enable you to use them;
To improve and expand the Services and content offered on the Website, including to create new services and content which correspond to the requirements and expectations of the users of the Website and to modify or cancel existing Services and content. The information used by GigaSpaces for this purpose will be statistical information, and will not identify you personally;
To send you marketing/advertisement communications that we believe may be of interest to you;
To improve and customize your experience and other users’ experience with both the Website and related Services;
To contact you occasionally, either by GigaSpaces or by a third party acting on our behalf, regarding GigaSpaces Services and products. Subject to applicable laws and aside from our first communication, we will only contact you about GigaSpaces offerings if you permit us to do so. Even if you authorize GigaSpaces to contact you, your authorization may be revoked/withdrawn by you at any time and you may opt out of GigaSpaces’ Website’s mailing lists by following the unsubscribe instructions in each of the emails you receive or by contacting us as described below;
To contact you if you or someone in your organization requests a product demonstration or product information;
To contact you as and when GigaSpaces believes it to be necessary for technical, administrative or security reasons;
To analyze and provide statistical information to advertisers, partners and other third parties. This information will not identify you personally;
For the orderly and proper operation and development of the Website and associated Services; or for any other purpose specified in this Privacy Policy.
G. TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
GigaSpaces will not transfer your Personal Information and any information collected pertaining to your activities on the Website that identify you personally to any third party, except in the following cases or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy:
If GigaSpaces reasonably believes that you abused your rights to use the Website or any of the Services, or performed any act or omission that GigaSpaces reasonably believes to be violating any applicable law, rules, or regulations. GigaSpaces may share your information in these cases, with law enforcement and other competent authorities and with any third party, as may be required to handle any result of your wrongdoing;
If GigaSpaces reasonably believes that it is required by law to share or disclose your information in order to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities. In addition, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
Further, your Personal Information may be disclosed as permitted or required by, or in response to lawful requests by applicable local law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies, or agencies with responsibility to oversee and enforce national security;
In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and GigaSpaces, or between you and other users or third parties with respect to, or in relation with the Services;
In any case where GigaSpaces may reasonably believe that sharing information is necessary to prevent serious damage to your person or property or to the person or property of any third party;
If GigaSpaces organizes the operation of the Services within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity, or if GigaSpaces is acquired by, or merged with another entity, provided however, that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy;
GigaSpaces may share personally identifiable information and information related to your use of the Website and the Services, with companies or organizations connected to or affiliated with GigaSpaces, such as subsidiaries, sister-companies, parent companies and service providers such as an email service provider to send you emails on our behalf, with the express provision that their use of such information must comply with this policy; or
GigaSpaces is also entitled to transfer or share anonymous, statistic or aggregative information with companies or organizations connected to GigaSpaces, and with suppliers, business partners, advertisers, and every third party, according to GigaSpaces’ absolute discretion; however, GigaSpaces will not disclose your identity to them, knowingly or deliberately, without receiving your consent.
H. OPTING OUT
You may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any “Contact Us” request as well as administrative emails that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Website and Services.
I. ACCESS AND ACCURACY
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct any of your other Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit an access request by sending an email to privacy@gigaspaces.com. Your email should include adequate details of your request.
J. CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY INFORMATION
GigaSpaces does not knowingly collect Personal Information from minors who are under the age of 16 through the Website and/or the Services thereon. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without his/her consent, then he or she should contact GigaSpaces at privacy@gigaspaces.com. If we become aware that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such information from our files. Further, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA“) requires parental consent for collection of data from children younger than the age of 13 years old.
K. SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES
Our Website includes social media features, such as the Facebook “LIKE” button/icon. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
L. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
This Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by GigaSpaces. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Website.
M. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, GigaSpaces may change the terms of this policy. Changes will take effect once they are posted online and by accessing and/or using the Website or Services after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Website and/or Services offered by GigaSpaces.
N. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of GigaSpaces who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@gigaspaces.com.
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
O. OUR CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK NOTICE
We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer uses the Website and\or Services.
Last modified: May 2018
Contact Us