http://www.securitywizardry.com/privacy
Menu
Home
Radar Console
About the Radar
Go to Radar Console
Vulnerability Details
Overall Alerts
The Product Directory
About the Product Directory
CND Community
Contact Us
Blog
Packet Headers
Other Charts
Security Cartoons
Home
Radar Console
About the Radar
Go to Radar Console
Vulnerability Details
Overall Alerts
The Product Directory
About the Product Directory
CND Community
Contact Us
Blog
Packet Headers
Other Charts
Security Cartoons
Privacy Notice
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Computer Network Defence collects information. It applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our website
people who use our services, eg who submit product directory listings, ratings of products (stars), or product reviews.
Our Website
Our website and all corresponding software is hosted by us on a dedicated server based in the United Kingdom. We collect standard log information on visitors through our server, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it.  Information collected includes IP address, browser user agent, and visited page, as well as any other actions taken while interacting with the website, for example links clicked on.
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits our website we collect information to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it. We use Google Analytics to perform this task Information collected includes Internet Protocol (IP) address and visited page, as well as any other actions taken while interacting with the website for example links clicked on. We use cookies to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. Google's privacy notice can be found here
Should you choose to add a product listing, rating, or review on our Security Products Directory, you will be required to register by providing a name, username password and email address.  This will be saved to the website’s database and stored until you request removal of your login.  If you are a registered user and login to the website, your login id then becomes a part of the data we collect, along with IP address.  We collect statistics tied to your IP address and login id as you browse within the Product Directory, add listings, ratings, or reviews.  We use this data to identify ownership of listings, ratings, and reviews.  This also helps us ensure ratings and reviews are provided by legitimate users, rather than vendors or competitors.
If you create a product listing or provide a review for a current product listing, only your username and the time and date the listing/review is submitted will be displayed on the public-facing website, with the listing or review on the relevant Product Page. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the Security Products Directory and is not passed on to any third party data processors.  Your listing/review and associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either 1.) remove the review or 2.) remove the product listing. Should you wish to have the listing ownership or review and associated personal data deleted, please contact us at the address below.
Should we alter our use of personal information from that listed above, we will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Security and performance
We actively service and maintain the security of www.securitywizardry.com. To be able to do this, we process the IP addresses of visitors to the website.
We support both https and http (encrypted and unencrypted traffic) on our website to enable all visitors to access our content.  If encryption of your web browsing activity is desirable, please use https: in the URLs and verify the connection is secure through whatever method your browser uses to indicate an encrypted connection.
People who contact us via social media
We operate Twitter and Linkedin accounts, if you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored relevant to their data retention policies. It will not be shared with any other organisations.
People who call our office
When you call CND’s office we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. We use this information to help improve our efficiency and effectiveness.
Our phones may also be answered by a third party company. The company that provides this service will email us the caller’s details should we be unavailable and do not retain any further information from the calls or record them.  The identity of the answering service is available on request to the Data Protection Officer.
People who email us
Any email sent to us, including any attachments, will be subject to the company retention policy, which will be determined by the email subject matter.  Email may be monitored and used by us for reasons of security and for monitoring compliance with office policy.  Email monitoring or blocking software may also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send to us is within the bounds of the law.
People who make a complaint to us
When we receive a complaint from a person we create a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint.
We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide.
We usually have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the ownership of a directory listing is in dispute. If a complainant doesn’t want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis.
We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for 3 years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle.
Similarly, where enquiries are submitted to us we will only use the information supplied to us to deal with the enquiry and any subsequent issues and to check on the level of service we provide.
Complaints or queries
CND tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage you to bring it to our attention if you think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of CND’s collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the relevant address provided below.
Access to personal information
CND Ltd tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by contacting the Data Protection Officer.
If we do hold information about you we will:
give you a description of it;
tell you why we are holding it;
tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
It is your responsibility to ensure the information we hold for you is up to date and correct. You have the right to request the following from us:
Registered Users, Listing Owners, and Listing Reviewers have the right to request the personal information we hold on our directory in a portable format;
Registered Users, Listing Owners, and Listing Reviewers have the right to be forgotten.
To make a request to CND for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing addressing it to our Data Protection Officer, to the relevant address provided below.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25th January 2018.
How to contact us
If you want to request more information on our privacy policy or personal details we may hold you can write to:
FAO: Data Protection OfficerComputer Network Defence Ltd22 St Lawrence StreetBathSomersetBA1 1ANUK
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CND Services - Assessing Your Security
Cyber Risk Review
Virtual Chief Information Security Officer (vCISO)
Cyber Profile Assessment (CPA)
Cyber Essentials
Vulnerability Assessment (VA)
Red Teaming
Web Application Scanning (WAS)
Penetration Testing
Phishing Assessment
Security Compliance
Firewall Audit
Forensic Readiness Review
CND Services - Preventing an Attack
Cloud Security Configuration
Security Architecture
Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDS & IPS)
Cisco FirePower Services
Maritime Security
Blockchain Security
Insider Threat Prevention
Data Loss Prevention
System Hardening
CND Services - Detecting an Attack
Unified Threat Detection
Cloud Security Monitoring
Security Information Event Management (SIEM)
Security Operations Centres (SOC)
Branded Radar Console
GPG13 Protective Monitoring
Insider Threat Detection & Hunting
Cyber Security Monitoring & Analysis
Continuous & Constant Vulnerability Assessment (CVA)
Open Source Intelligence
Cyber Threat Intelligence
© Computer Network Defence Limited 2020
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Send us a Message