http://www.idlabelinc.com/privacy/
Search for:
Products
Warehouse
Pallet/LPN Labels
Rack and Bin Location Labels
Signs
Label and Sign Installations
Clean Release™ Removable Labels
Beam Renew™ Cover-Up
Tote Renew™ Label Holder
Asset Labels and Tags
PCB, Cleanroom and Electronic Labels
Calibration Labels
Medical and Laboratory Labels
Library Labels and Patron Cards
Why ID Label
Success Stories
Blog
Contact
Request a Quote
Request a Sample
Lumber Tags
Privacy Policy
ID Label Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. We will not disclose any information you give us about yourself without your permission, nor will we pass on your personal details for commercial purposes. We will treat any information that can be used to identify you, in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 1998.
If you complete any of our online forms, we will use your information only in pursuit of your query or process your request for information or services.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files sent from a website to a user’s device to store bits of information related to that user or device. Cookies can store information about the device and user, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times and user preferences. We use a small number of cookies on our site but do not collect any personal information about you.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files sent from a website to a user’s device to store bits of information related to that user or device. Cookies can store information about the device and users, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times and user preferences. We use a small number of cookies on our site but do not collect any personal information about you.