http://www.sensoray.com/resources/privacy_policy.htm
VIDEO
Video Capture
IP Video Capture
Frame Grabbers
Embeddable DVRs
Video Overlay
Video Cameras
Matrix Switchers
Custom Video
Applications
DATA ACQUISITION
Analog Input
Analog Output
Digital I/O
Encoder Interface
Temperature Input
Load Cell Interface
Applications
ACCESSORIES
Cables
Termination Boards
Bus Adaptors
Power Supplies
SUPPORT
Technical Support
Technical Wiki
Application Notes
Vodcasts
Discontinued products
Design Assistance
Contact Sensoray
ORDERING
Ordering Information
Distributors
Online Order Form
Privacy policy
Sensoray is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Sensoray does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless the individual knowingly provides it. In choosing to provide this information, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of Sensoray's Privacy Policy as outlined below. Please note that our privacy practices are subject to change. We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy statement. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you are welcome to call us or send us a message.
Usage data
When you visit Sensoray's web site, our servers automatically collect information about your IP address, the pages you visit, the date and time you access our site, and the type of browser and operating system that you are using. We use this information to better understand how our site is used. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits; the collected information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Email and message contents
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an email message or in a message submitted through this web site. We use this information only to respond to your message. Email addresses and other personal data are never shared, rented or sold to third parties, except when such information is required by legally entitled third parties such as law enforcement agencies or parties to civil actions. Please note that the Sensoray web site is not specifically dedicated to children and Sensoray does not actively solicit information from children. Children under the age of twelve are required to obtain permission from an adult before submitting information to the Sensoray web site.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. Sensoray's web site does not store or otherwise use cookies.
GDPR conformance
GDPR is short for the General Data Protection Regulation that became effective on May 25, 2018. It was passed by the European Parliament to create a uniform data privacy law across member states of the European Union (EU). Its purpose is to treat privacy as a fundamental human right and thus give EU residents the right to monitor and control the use of their personal data.
The Sensoray privacy policy explains what information we collect and when we collect it, and how we handle your personal data. We recommend that you take the time to read it and understand how it applies to you. Per GDPR and our own long-standing policy, we will be happy to answer any additional questions you may have about the collection and use of personal data, or address any other privacy concerns you may have. To contact us about GDPR matters, please call or send us a message.
SENSORAY | 7313 SW Tech Center Dr. | Tigard, OR 97223 | 503.684.8005 | Email Us
CONTACT SENSORAY
Employment | Privacy Policy | Press Releases | Copyright © 1982-2020 Sensoray ~ All Rights Reserved