http://www.ultimatepaint.com/privacy.php
J-T-L Development respects your right to
privacy. We have created the following statement to show our strong
commitment to keeping your privacy. Although you can navigate on this
site without giving us any personal
information, sometimes we do need information to provide services that
you request. This page describes how we collect and handle information
on this web site.
When you contact our support, your e-mail is solely used to answer your
question or problem, and is not stored in any database.
When you order one of our products, you are redirected to the secure
site of our partner ShareIt! Inc. This company is a respectable and
established organization serving thousands of shareware companies and
offering tens of thousands of different software titles.
Certain information is necessary in order to fill your order and
authorize your payment - however they do not collect or store
information that can be used to personally identify visitors to the
ShareIt! web site without consent. They use industry standard secure
sockets layer (SSL) technology when requesting any personal information.
Their privacy statement can be read at http://www.shareit.com/privacy_statement.html
We maintain a separate database for customers who have registered one
of our software titles. This database contains the name, e-mail address
and purchase date of our customers as well as their registration code.
This database is not accessible from the Internet. We use this data
solely to verify customer identity and provide replacement registration
codes for customers who have lost their registration information due to an
accident.
To provide us accurate visitor statistics, our partner eXTReMe Tracking
collects general usage information about visitors coming to our web
site. No personal information such as personal names, email addresses
etc. are being tracked. eXTReMe Tracking does not use any cookies.
These statistical information can be checked at http://extremetracking.com/open?tag=jladanyi
When you leave our site by clicking on any link pointing to another
site, please keep in mind that those sites are beyond our control, so
we cannot be held responsible for questionable security practices of
such sites.
Ultimate Paint does not contain any code that collects or sends
personal information about its users. In fact it does not send any
information to the Internet - except in the case you use the Send via
E-mail function, where it sends your message along with the currently
edited image.
Last modified: 23 September, 2004.
Contact Us | Affiliates | About Us | Privacy Policy