http://www.jukeanator.com/FrontController?command=privacy_policy
Home
Screenshots
Photos
Features
FAQ
Order
Conversion Kits
Software
MP3 Store
Legal
Licensing
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Return Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Privacy Policy
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors
to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact
form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display
Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the JukeANator website.
Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can
opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings
This privacy statement describes how Digital Jukebox Technologies LLC collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site:
www.jukeanator.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and
update this information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at admin@jukeanator.com.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you: Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number.
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type,
referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to fulfill your order, send you an order confirmation, respond to customer service requests and for choice/opt-out of future emails.
GoogleCheckout
If you choose to use GoogleCheckout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to GoogleCheckout.
Google's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the GoogleCheckout Web site.
PayPal
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's
privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal Web site.