http://www.iolo.com/company/legal/sales-policy/
SALES AND REFUND POLICY FOR REALDEFENSE, LLC
RealDefense, LLC  (d/b/a iolo) (“iolo,” “our,” “us” or “we”) develops software that repairs, optimizes, and protects computers and digital devices.
THIS SALES AND REFUND POLICY APPLIES TO THE FOLLOWING PROGRAMS: SYSTEM MECHANIC® ULTIMATE DEFENSE™, SYSTEM MECHANIC PROFESSIONAL®, SYSTEM MECHANIC®, PRIVACY GUARDIAN™, MALWARE KILLER™, BYEPASS™, SYSTEM MECHANIC® BUSINESS, SYSTEM SHIELD®, SEARCH AND RECOVER™ AND DRIVESCRUBBER®(collectively and individually referred to as “iolo Software”).
This policy states the general guidelines for sales, return and refund matters, and is subject to change without notice.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us using the contact details described in section 6 – Contacting us.
1. Licensing
You must purchase a license to use the iolo Software, and your use and license of the iolo Software is subject to the acceptance of iolo’s End User License Agreement (EULA). For the licensing terms and conditions of the iolo Software, please click here.
“sale”, “sell”, “sold”, “purchase”, “order” or terms of similar meaning when used in connection with the iolo Software shall mean the license of a copy or copies thereof and nothing in this policy shall be construed to mean a sale or transfer of title to any copies of the iolo Software.
2. Ordering and Purchasing Requirements
2.1 Ordering
The descriptions and specifications of the iolo Software are available on iolo’s website (www.iolo.com). We recommend that you review this information before you place your order. You are the only one who has the knowledge of the equipment and software that you use, and therefore you are the one who can determine the compatibility of the iolo Software that you order.
Any prices or descriptions provided by iolo may be modified at any time by iolo prior to when you place and confirm your order with iolo.
Before purchasing or downloading any iolo Software, please review the iolo EULA and iolo Privacy Policy.
2.2 Purchasing Requirements
In order to purchase a license for the iolo Software the following terms apply:
• You must be at least 18 years old and have the legal capacity to enter into a contract with iolo.
• You shall ensure that the information that you provide to iolo and its payment processor (when placing an order) is accurate, current and complete such that iolo can fulfill the order.
For your security, you will be required to enter your account name and password to access your “My Account.” You should use strong passwords and maintain the confidentiality of your password and other account credentials. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a website or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
3. Payment Terms
3.1 How to Pay
To process orders iolo uses a certified and PCI DSS compliant secure e-commerce payment processor, and accepts payment from major credit/debit card issuers as well as other popular location specific methods.
3.2 Purchase Orders
Purchase Orders are only accepted from previously authorized corporations, government entities and educational institutions for orders in the amount of $1,000.00 U.S. or more. We will contact you directly when your order has been accepted. Purchase orders sent via mail should be sent to: iolo technologies, LLC, 150 South Los Robles Avenue, Suite 500, Pasadena, California 91101 U.S.A., attention: Finance Department.
3.3 Sales Tax
A sales tax, value added tax, or other transaction tax may be applied to your order based upon the applicable country, regional, state and local tax laws of the jurisdiction in which the order was placed.
3.4 Online Order Discrepancies and Mistakes
If you have a discrepancy with an order placed directly with iolo or its payment processor, including issues regarding mistakes with the items purchased and/or the amount charged, direct your questions and comments to iolo’s Customer Care Department.
IOLO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL AN ORDER, REFUND A PURCHASE, AND CORRECT A MISTAKE REGARDING IOLO SOFTWARE ADVERTISED OR PURCHASED, INCLUDING THE AMOUNT CHARGED FOR THE IOLO SOFTWARE OR MAINTENANCE.
4. Refunds and Returns
iolo must receive a request for a refund with an explanation of dissatisfaction by telephone or email, within thirty (30) days of the purchase date.
Proof of purchase date, purchase price, sales receipt and/or license key information must be verified by iolo to be eligible for a refund.
Refunds will only be made for the original purchase price, less a 15% processing fee, less any discounts or rebates that were applied at the time of purchase or after purchase. iolo will not refund any taxes, processing fees or any other charges, fees or expenses incurred in connection with the original purchase or subsequent refund request and related correspondence.
Refunds from iolo will only be in the form of a credit back to the credit card from which you purchased the iolo Software or any Maintenance.
Refunds will not be granted (a) when rebates or similar credits have already been applied for or obtained, (b) for subsequent purchases of iolo Software or Maintenance that was previously refunded, (c) for any time remaining on your iolo Software license that is used on computer device(s) that you no longer use or have discarded or (d) for any time remaining on your iolo Software license that you no longer use.
iolo is not responsible for (a) any processing fees, taxes, or currency conversions or fluctuations or (b) refund delay, loss or ineligibility due to incidents outside of iolo’s control.
In the event that you purchased the iolo Software or Maintenance from a third party, please contact the third party from whom you purchased the iolo Software or Maintenance for any return or refund. Please note that returns and refunds for purchases from third parties shall be subject to the policies and procedures of the third party.
Note that prorated refunds on time remaining are not available in the event you decide you no longer need your iolo product. Prorated refunds are not available if you discard a Windows computer with unused time left on your iolo product license, but any time remaining can be used on a new computer under iolo’s Whole Home License policy. The Whole Home License covers all the PCs in your home with one product license. Store your Activation Key before discarding or recycling your computer, and input it when prompted upon installing the software on your new computer.
5. Maintenance and Support
5.1 Maintenance-Dependent Functionality
Certain features and functions of the iolo Software are dependent on and require ongoing updates from iolo (“Maintenance”). A period of Maintenance (usually one year) is included in the initial purchase the iolo Software license. After this initial Maintenance period expires, you must renew your Maintenance service to continue to receive access to such features and functions and updates. For more information, please click here.
5.2 Automatic Maintenance Renewal
If you choose to automatically renew your Maintenance (and/or choose not to opt out of such service), the credit card or other payment method used at the time of purchase will be charged the then-applicable renewal fee at the end of your initial Maintenance period. Thereafter, the renewal fee will be charged at the start of each Maintenance period, unless you cancel the automatic Maintenance renewal prior to the start of the relevant period. We will provide you notice before such automatic Maintenance renewal is charged to your designated payment method, along with information to allow you to opt out of such renewal. Additionally, you may update your automatic Maintenance renewal preferences by creating and/or logging into your iolo “My Account”. iolo reserves the right to change the Maintenance renewal prices at any time, upon reasonable advance notice communicated to you through a posting on the iolo website (www.iolo.com) or through electronic mail.
5.3 Technical Support and Customer Service in English
If provided directly by iolo, technical support and customer service for the iolo Software is exclusively offered in the English language.
6. Contacting Us
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our sales or refund policies, please write us at the following address: iolo technologies, LLC, 150 South Los Robles Avenue, Suite 500, Pasadena, California 91101 U.S.A. or via email at compliance@iolo.com.
7. Contacting You
We encourage you to ensure that the information in your account with iolo and its payment processor is current and up-to-date so that iolo can contact you with important information, such as information about the iolo Software and Maintenance that you license, payment information or other notifications. If you fail to maintain current information in your account, iolo and its payment processor will not be responsible for any reduction or missed service that results from our inability to contact you using the contact information in your account
THIS DOCUMENT WAS LAST MODIFIED ON JULY 21, 2020
/content/uploads/iolo-logo-white.png
0
0
Edgar Chacon
/content/uploads/iolo-logo-white.png
Edgar Chacon2018-05-23 18:13:002020-07-27 23:29:05Sales Policy
PC Security & Performance
Password Safety
Registry cleaner myths
Computer repair
PC tuneup
System speed
Registry repair
Slow computer
Windows startup
PC Performance Solutions
System cleaner
Computer help
PC Performance
Check computer
Wipe hard drive
System repair
Computer problems
Boot time
iolo in the newsThe Secure Password and Credit Card Manager You Shouldn’t Be WithoutPrivacy Guardian Quick Start GuideNew System Mechanic 16 Scans and Repairs Many Times Faster Than Any Prior VersionCustomer Care
Extend My Service
Lookup Licensing
Knowledgebase Search
Contact Customer Care
Product Uninstall
Also Available At:
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technology for a number of purposes, including to enhance your experience when you visit our websites and to personalize ads/content available on our website. You can learn more about our use of these technologies in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this website, including clicking off or closing this banner, you consent to the use of these technologies by this website.
ACCEPT