http://www.stratacache.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the STRATACACHE Website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected on this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on an ongoing basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
By using our Website, you give STRATACACHE permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register or download documentation at STRATACACHE, you authorize us to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you. By submitting your information, you are giving STRATACACHE permission to contact you for future mailings that is pertinent to your interests. You may opt-out of our communications at any given time.
The STRATACACHE site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
News
STRATACACHE Hires Digital Signage and Retail Veteran to Spearhead Scala Business Development in Canada
November 24, 2020
STRATACACHE Announces Acquisition of New Network Operations and Hosting Center Campus in Iowa
November 10, 2020
Scala Launches Designer Cloud, an Advanced Web-Based Design and Media Presentation Tool for Digital Signage
November 2, 2020
More News
Our Markets Retail
Quick Service Restaurants
Banking/Finance
Stadiums
Corporate Communication
Gaming/Casinos
Events
Education
Support STRATACACHE Support
P. 937.220.9804
Toll Free
P. 877.761.1122
Support Email
E. support@stratacache.com
Connect STRATACACHE
Corporate Headquarters
STRATACACHE Tower
40 N Main St,
Dayton, OH 45423
P. 800.244.8915
P. 937.224.0485
F. 937.224.8184
Contact us
Privacy PolicySTRATACACHE Copyright © 2020, All Rights Reserved.
Home
Solutions
Curbside Pickup Technology
Digital Signage
LINQ Commercial Tablets
Content Acceleration
Content Distribution
Outdoor Digital Displays – Outdoor Digital Signage
Markets
Services
Support Services
Professional Services
Training and Certification
News
Press Releases
Case Studies
Podcasts
Events
Company
Contact Us
STRATACACHE Family
Resources
Global Reach
Careers
Leadership
Corporate Social Responsibility
Support