http://www.runnertechnologies.com/privacy-policy/
Runner EDQ Privacy Policy
Approach to Privacy
Runner EDQ considers itself a steward of the information it collects, maintains and utilizes. Our responsibility is to ensure the security of the information in our care and to maintain the privacy of consumers through appropriate, responsible use.
Our information policies define how information may be used. These policies vary to meet the legal requirements and consumer expectations in the area in which the information product or service is being used. Our approach to privacy acknowledges there are changing needs and expectations and provides the flexibility so that Runner EDQ can implement new processes and policies to resolve information issues in this dynamic environment.
Accountability for Information Use
Runner EDQ is held accountable for its information use by consumer privacy expectations and by laws and industry codes established by government entities and industry organizations around the world. The security of your data is important to Runner EDQ. We have a 20+ year history of establishing and refining our controls to secure client data in an ever-changing and increasingly connected world. Among the laws and industry self-regulatory codes which Runner EDQ complies in the United States are:
Service Organization Control (SOC)
Runner EDQ undergoes company-wide audits on an annual basis to have its processes, procedures, and controls formerly evaluated and tested.  We maintain industry standards for an overall control structure and affirm our long-standing commitment to strong controls and safeguards for handling and processing your data.
Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Runner EDQ has achieved compliance with all data security standards outlined in the Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act (HIPAA). Healthcare providers, financial institutions, government agencies, and third party data vendors who handle their data, are required to meet the most stringent data security guidelines by law. The evaluation of compliance is in place to measure the strict controls Runner EDQ has in place to keep customer information private and secure.
CAN-SPAM Act
Direct Marketing Association’s Ethical Business Practices
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
Adherence to Privacy Shield Principles
Runner EDQ is held accountable for its information use by consumer privacy expectations and by laws and industry codes established by government entities and industry organizations around the world. The security of your data is important to Runner EDQ. We have a 20+ year history of establishing and refining our controls to secure client data in an ever-changing and increasingly connected world.
Among the laws and industry self-regulatory codes which Runner EDQ complies in the United States are:
Right to Access, Amend or Delete Personal Information
Individual data subjects in the European Union have the right to know what personal data about them is stored in Runner EDQ databases and to ensure that such personal data is accurate and relevant for the purposes for which Runner EDQ collected it. Individual Customers may review their own personal data stored in the databases and correct, erase, or block any data that is incorrect, as permitted by applicable law and Runner EDQ policies. Upon reasonable request and as required by the Privacy Shield principles, Runner EDQ allows individual Customers access to their personal data, in order to correct or amend such data where inaccurate. Individual Customers may edit their Personal Data by logging into their account profile or by contacting Runner EDQ Technical Support by email or phone at: support@RunnerEDQ.com or 1-877-784-0003. In making modifications to their personal data, individual data subjects must provide only truthful, complete, and accurate information. To request complete erasure of personal data, individual data subjects are required to submit a written request. Runner EDQ will endeavor to respond in a timely manner to all reasonable written requests to view, correct, amend, or delete all personal data of data subjects.
Inquiries and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with Privacy Shield Principles, Runner EDQ commits to resolve inquiries or complaints about the collection or use of personal data of identifiable data subjects. An individual data subject in the European Union with inquires or complaints regarding personal data or this Privacy policy should contact Runner EDQ at: support@RunnerEDQ.com Runner EDQ is committed to addressing all Privacy Shield inquires or complaints in a timely manner, and to refer unresolved complaints to JAMS Alternate Dispute Resolution, an alternate dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
JAMS Alternate Dispute Resolution has been chosen by Runner EDQ as a third party dispute resolution provider. More information can be found at:https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim/. If an inquiry or complaint has not been acknowledged or resolved by Runner EDQ in a reasonably timely manner, EU data subjects should contact the above third party provider for more information or to file a complaint. Such services are provided at no cost to the data subject. In addition, in certain and in limited situations, EU individuals may seek redress from the Privacy Shield Panel, a binding arbitration mechanism.
United States Regulatory Agencies
The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework is set forth by the US Department of Commerce. The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over Runner EDQ Corporation’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
Third Parties and Onward Transfers
Runner EDQ may provide personal data to third parties that act as agents or subcontractors to perform tasks on behalf of and under specific instructions. Such third parties must agree to use personal data only for the purposes for which they have been engaged by Runner EDQ and must contractually agree, through European Commission model clauses and/or similar agreements, to comply with the Privacy Shield principles or another mechanism permitted by the applicable EU data protection law(s) for transfers and processing of personal data. Runner EDQ also may disclose personal data for other purposes or to other third parties when an individual data subject has consented to or requested such disclosure. In addition, Runner EDQ may be required to disclose an individual data subject’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. As part of EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and its commitments under European Commission model clauses agreements, Runner EDQ retains its liability and responsibility for appropriate onward transfers of personal data to third parties.
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that you may provide via this site.
Consent
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Coverage
This policy covers how the Runner EDQ Corporation (“Runner EDQ”) treats personal information that Runner EDQ collects and receives, including information related to customer past use of Runner EDQ products and services. Personal information is information about customers, potential customers, Runner EDQ website users, and others who may provide information that is personally identifiable, such as, name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of entities that Runner EDQ does not own or control or to people that Runner EDQ does not employ or manage.
Personally Identifiable Information Collection and General Use
Runner EDQ may gather information related to the use of its products and services, registration of a user account on the Runner EDQ website, or in the course of standard business practices. Personal identifiable information (“PII”) is collected from such parties only after obtaining consent, which is obtained when such parties are prompted for information when requesting product information, downloading a trial version of a product, registering a new user account, registering a product, purchasing a product or service, or contacting customer support. Runner EDQ may collect usage statistics to enable Runner EDQ to improve user experience and allocate internal resources. Purchasing Runner EDQ products or services requires a customer to provide certain personal information and enter into a License Agreement. Nothing herein is intended to modify the terms in such a License Agreement.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Runner EDQ does not rent, sell, or share personal information that is provided to it under Section 2, except when Runner EDQ has obtained explicit permission, or under the following circumstances:
Responses to subpoenas; court orders; or legal process; or to establish or exercise Runner EDQ’s legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Personal information is transferred in the event the product or service is acquired in its entirety by another entity. Runner EDQ shall issue a notification before information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information Collected During Data Processing
Information transmitted by users to the Runner EDQ servers as part of data processing functions of its products or services is retained only to the limited extent necessary to complete the associated processing functions of the products or services. User Account Information Use Runner EDQ reserves the right to send certain communications relating to its products or services, such as service announcements, administrative messages, feedback requests that are considered part of routine technical support procedures.
Security
Runner EDQ stores data at rest with 128 bit encryption to protect and secure it and takes appropriate steps to protect personal data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, whether in transmission or storage. All personnel are trained on the appropriate use of PII and they are retrained yearly with advances in personal security and best practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Runner EDQ may update this privacy policy as necessary and shall post notifications regarding such updates on its corporate website.
Privacy Policy Last Updated: April 17, 2017
Opting Out
Targeted advertising provides choices, competitive offers and convenience – qualities sought and valued by many consumers. However, you can choose not to receive targeted advertising from Runner EDQ by opting out.
Opting Out of Email
Runner EDQ markets its own products and services by email. Every email send from Runner EDQ will include appropriate unsubscribe instructions.
To opt out of all email marketing messages from Runner EDQ, you must send an email to marketing@Runner EDQ.com from the email address you with to unsubscribe. Please clearly state in your email, “Unsubscribe me from all Runner EDQ email marketing.”
This is the only way to assure that you no longer receive email advertising messages from Runner EDQ.
Opting Out of Direct Mail
The Direct Marketing Association’s DMAChoice mail preference service allows you to opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial mail from many national companies. When you register with this service, your name will be put on a “delete” file and made available to direct-mail marketers and organizations. This will reduce most of your unsolicited mail. If you would like to opt out of direct mail advertising, please visit www.dmachoice.org
Responsible marketing companies respect your choice to not receive direct mail advertising. DMA members, as a condition of membership, are required to suppress the names and addresses of individuals who have notified the DMA that they do not want to receive advertising by mail. As a DMA member, Runner EDQ subscribes to and suppresses any name and address on the DMAChoice mail preference service file from its direct mail marketing efforts.
You may also contact Runner EDQ directly to be suppresses from our direct mail marketing efforts. Opting-out of direct mail marketing from Runner EDQ will only stop mailings from Runner EDQ.
You can contact Runner EDQ by calling us at 561 395 9322 or by sending your complete name (including any name variations), mailing address, complete telephone number (including area code) and email address to support@Runner EDQ.com or to the below postal address.
Runner EDQ
Attn: Opt-out Services
2424 N Federal Hwy, Ste 100
Boca Raton, FL 33431-7796
Please specify if you wish to be removed from our direct mailing list, email mailing list or both. If you move or change your name, you will need to opt-out again with your new address or name.
2424 N Federal Hwy, Ste 100 Boca Raton, FL 33431-7796Phone: 561-395-9322Email: brian.hoffman@runneredq.comWebsite: runneredq.com