https://www.cuttingedge.uk.com/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Cookie and Privacy PolicyYou are here:Home Cookie and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (Cookie Policy follows)
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Cutting Edge Software Ltd, the owner of CuttingEdge.uk.com, collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Cutting Edge Software website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Cutting Edge Software Ltd though this site.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Cutting Edge Software collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalise user experience. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Cutting Edge Software has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us through the Contact Us page.
Cookie Policy
There are a number of different cookies in use on this site. We have provided a list below with the purpose of each type of cookie we use. For a better understanding of cookies including now to remove them please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete CuttingEdge.uk.com cookies having visited our site. You can also use your browser’s anonymous setting (often referred to as “Private Browsing”), this should remove the cookies from this site once you have closed the browser down. For a detailed explanation of your browsers private browsing functionality please see your browsers help section.
Cookie Audit
Analytics Cookies – We may use these cookies to help us understand how our site is being used and to enable us to plan improvements to the site, therefor providing a better user experience.
WordPress Stats – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/wordpress_stats
Feedjit – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/feedjit
Google Analytics – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/google_analytics
Advertising Cookies – We may use these cookies to help display Ad content that is relevant to the visitors to our site
Google Adsense – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/google_adsense
Quantcast – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/quantcast
Vizu – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/vizu
DoubleClick – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/doubleclick
Dynamic Logic – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/dynamic_logic
Social Media Cookies – We may use these to help our visitors share pages from our site with there friends and contacts on social media platforms
Google +1 – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/google_%2B1
Pinterest – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/pinterest
Facebook Connect – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/facebook_connect
StumbleUpon Widgets – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/stumbleupon_widgets
Twitter Button – more info here http://www.ghostery.com/apps/twitter_button
This document was last updated on September 13, 2013
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy