http://www.cogin.com/privacypolicy.php
QueueExplorer
QueueMonitor
Articles
Company
Contact
Cogin Privacy Policy
VERSION 1.1, LAST UPDATED: MAY 22TH, 2018
In this Privacy Policy, we describe the type of data, including personal data (collectively, "data"),
that we and our associated companies collect from you when you use Cogin Websites and certain Cogin
products and services as described in this Privacy Policy (collectively, our "services"), how we and our
associated companies use and disclose that data, and your options to access or update your data.
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. The respective latest version of the Privacy Policy
at the point of time of the purchase or registration of a Cogin Software Product (whichever occurs
later) shall apply. The data controllers are Cogin d.o.o., Bul. Mihajla Pupina 143, 11070 Novi Beograd,
Serbia, and the associated companies of Cogin
Cogin and its associated companies act as joint data controllers, who are jointly responsible for
compliance with data protection legislation. Cogin d.o.o. is primarily responsible for exercising of
rights of data subjects and providing information about data processing.
Definitions
The following definitions are used throughout this Privacy Policy:
Cogin Software Product. Any software product owned or created by Cogin and provided
under Cogin' Subscription Agreement or other Cogin' Agreement EXCLUDING software that can be used by
Cogin software products but is not created by Cogin. This may include, but not be limited to, code that
extends the functionality of a Cogin software product (e.g., a "plugin"). Any such code is governed by
its own terms and conditions and privacy policy.
Cogin Website. Any website that is the property of Cogin, including but not limited to
everything hosted under the top-level domains cogin.com, QueueExplorer.com,
QueueMonitor.com
Cogin Terms of Use means Cogin Subscription Agreement, Cogin Terms of Use for a product
or a service, Cogin License Agreement, or other agreement you have in place with Cogin covering Cogin
Products or services.
Cogin Software Products, Cogin Downloadable Software Products, Cogin Website, and Cogin Software as a
Service may be collectively referred to as "Cogin Products".
Personal Data means any data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Why We Collect Data and What We Collect
We collect data for various reasons, such as:
a) To provide you with software, services, or information. We may collect data which are
required to provide you with the software, support, and services, including checking for license
validation and updates, provision of support, reporting of issues and bugs, and other processing
connected with use of Cogin software, services, or information. You explicitly fill in the data required
for you to receive the software, support, or services, whether you purchase or use Cogin Products,
register for a webinar, participate in a survey, and/or subscribe to receive marketing and/or technical
information and content, or these data are collected in the course of use of Cogin Products. We may use
third-party service providers, acting as data processors, to assist us in
provisioning Cogin Products to you or in our operations. For example, we may use to provide data storage
and backup services. With your consent, your Personal data may also be transferred to third-party
service providers, acting as separate data controllers, who provide products and services complementary
to Cogin Products (further data processing performed by these service providers is governed by their
privacy policies). The legal basis for this data processing is performance of contract between you and
us.
b) To protect us from piracy and unlawful use of our software or services. We may
collect data which are required to protect us from any piracy, unlawful, or unauthorized use of our
software or services, or which are necessary to ensure security of our software or services, including
both data provided by you (see above) and data collected in the course of use of Cogin Products. The
legal basis for this data processing is Cogin' legitimate interest in protection from piracy and
unlawful use of Cogin software and services.
c) To improve our offerings based on usage. We may collect data based on your use of
Cogin Products and services, and we do not associate these data with your name. We use these data to
better understand usage patterns of our products and behavior of our collective audience. At times we
may share this information in aggregated anonymous form with third parties. Collection of data based on
your use of Cogin Downloadable Software Products is done only if you permit it. The legal basis for this
data processing is our legitimate interest in improving our software and services.
d) For internal evidence of Cogin and to protect the rights and interests of Cogin and other
users. We may collect data which are required to keep evidence of provision of software and
services to you, of any communication between you and us, of your contact details, of your use of our
software and services, of any payments, refunds, and of any issues or disputes between you and us. We
may use and disclose these data where we believe, in our sole judgment, that it is legitimate and
appropriate to do so to protect our rights and interests and the rights and interests of other users of
Cogin Products or services, or where we believe there has been a violation of this Privacy Policy that
could affect the interests of Cogin or its customers. The legal basis for this data processing is our
legitimate interest in keeping internal evidence and protecting the rights and interests of us and other
users.
e) To promote and market our products and services. We may use feedback that you provide
voluntarily on our products or services. As permitted by applicable law, we may use this in the form of
quotes or in other ways in accordance with the Cogin Terms of Use. We also may use data that we collect
and aggregate to assist us in determining appropriate marketing and advertising for our products and
services. In doing so, we may share anonymous aggregated data with third parties to assist us with these
efforts. With your consent or if permitted by applicable law, we may also use your contact details to
send you commercial communications about our products and services. We also may use third-party service providers to assist us with our email marketing; in that
case, the third-party service provider will have access to your email address, your name, and other
information necessary to engage in the marketing. Such third-party service provider will act as a data
processor and will not use your data for any other purpose. The legal basis for this data processing is
our legitimate interest in promoting and marketing our products and services.
f) To fulfil legal duties stipulated by accounting, taxation and other laws. We may use
and disclose your personal data where required by law, such as in keeping and disclosing our accounts,
in keeping and disclosing our tax records, and in response to a court order, valid subpoena, or other
legal process. The legal basis for this data processing is our compliance with our legal obligations.
You may object to the processing of your personal data for the purposes b) to e) at any time.
Categories of data involved in data processing include:
names,
email address,
phone number,
username,
password,
cookies,
IP address,
physical address,
information about subscription and payments, and
tax ID.
Where appropriate, we will prompt you to give us your consent to the collection and processing of your
data as described above. This may happen within Cogin Products, on Cogin Website, or in another
environment set up by Cogin, always in a clear and conspicuous manner. You can manage your data and
opt-outs as described in the Transparency section below.
Children
Our products and services are not designed for and are not offered to children under the age of 13. If we
discover that a person under the age of 13 has submitted information directly to us, we will endeavor to
delete the information from our systems.
Transparency
To respect your privacy, before usage of your personal data, we will inform you about the categories of
data we collect and the purposes we use it for. We will also inform you about the data management
options that you may have. For this purpose, we use agreements, terms of use, and consent notices
embedded in Cogin Products and services.
Sharing
Collected personal data are shared based on Subscription Agreement, License Agreement, Terms of Use of a
product or service in use, and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, we share collected personal data
within the Cogin group of companies described above, which act as joint data controllers and process
personal data for the purposes described above.
According to Cogin Terms of Use covering a particular product or service, as part of the product or
service functionality, collected personal data may be shared with other representatives of your company.
We may share your data with certain third parties which help us provide you
with Cogin Products or services, or to run our business, for example to providers of data storage and
backup services. We may also share your data with individual representatives of your company.
Your personal data may also be shared with other organizations or individuals if we have obtained your
consent to do so.
We may also share your data with certain third parties if we are obliged to do so under applicable
legislation (especially with tax authorities or with other government bodies exercising their statutory
powers) or if such sharing is necessary to achieve the purposes defined above (especially with
government bodies or with parties harmed by your illegal acts, if applicable).
Security
To secure your personal data, our products and services are designed with security and privacy in mind.
We encrypt your data in transfer and at rest where it is technically feasible. External web resources are
protected by SSL encryption.
We review the processes of personal data usage before implementing them. This is done to minimize data
usage and to make sure that you as the data owner is informed about the processing. When the reason for
data storage expires, we remove your personal data from our servers or anonymize it for further usage.
By the nature of the activity within which your data is collected, it may appear in datasets used for
research. Before using the datasets for research or other purposes you are not informed of, we remove or
anonymize your personal data in the datasets.
We use partners to host our services and websites and to process your data in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. While choosing the partners, we ascertain their compliance with
legal regulations and security standards to make sure your data are stored in a secure location with
appropriate security measures in place.
Data retention, withdrawal of approval, access to data and your rights
If at any time you choose to cease using Cogin Products, you may ask for your data to be removed from our
servers by sending a request to office@cogin.com. After the data
removal, we may keep pseudonyms of your personal data solely for a record about the data removal.
Generally, we retain your data as long as we need to in order to achieve the purpose for which it was
collected. We may retain your information if it is required to comply with legal obligations and/or
defense in case of violation of Cogin Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policies. We may also have copies of
your information in application logs, weblogs, and/or backups made for security and support purposes if
this is mentioned in a Cogin Terms of Use or consent text accepted before the personal data collection.
These backups will not be accessible as separately delineated information. Please note, however, that
you must retain a copy of all data that you have placed on our servers in the case of any loss; further,
if you cease using our software and/or services, we will not be responsible for retention of any of your
data.
You may manage your Personal Data in your Cogin Account, including providing us with an opt-out for
certain kinds of data collection. You are responsible for the correctness of the Personal Data you
provide to us. We expect you to check the Personal Data you provide to us and if any inconsistency takes
place, update your Personal Data or report the inconsistency to Cogin.
As permitted by applicable law, EU residents may request a copy of the information that we hold about
them. To do so, please contact office@cogin.com. We may charge a
fee in accordance with applicable law for this service.
Moreover, as set out in locally applicable personal data protection law, you may have the right to: (i)
request access to your personal data; (ii) request rectification of your personal data; (iii) request
erasure of your personal data; (iv) request a restriction on the processing of your personal data; (v)
request personal data portability; or (vi) object to the processing of your personal data.
Right of access. You may have the right to obtain from us a confirmation as to
whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, to
request access to your personal data. The information about personal data processing includes the
purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or
categories of recipient to whom your personal data have been or will be disclosed, etc. However,
this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of
access. Further, you may have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing
processing. For additional copies requested, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative
costs.
Right to rectification. You may have the right to obtain from us the rectification
of inaccurate personal data. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to
have incomplete personal data made complete, in particular by providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten). Under certain circumstances, you may have
the right to require us to delete your personal data.
Right to a restriction on processing. Under certain circumstances, you may have the
right to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data. In this case, the respective
personal data will be marked and may only be processed by us for certain purposes.
Right to personal data portability. Under certain circumstances, you may have the
right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured,
commonly used, and machine-readable format, and to transmit these personal data to another entity.
Right to object. Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to object, on
grounds relating to their particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data
by us and we can be required to no longer process your personal data.
These rights can be exercised via the email address office@cogin.com.
You may also contact Cogin to get up-to-date information about your personal data processing and any
personal data recipients.
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Privacy
Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this
Privacy Policy on Cogin Website. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially affect
our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will
endeavor to provide you with an advance notice of such change by highlighting the change on Cogin
Website.
Reaching out
If you have any questions or concerns, or you feel that this Privacy Policy has been violated in any way,
please let us know immediately by contacting
Third party Services
Some of the services we provide, such as Marketing Campaigns, our Web Site, E-Shop, etc. make use of
Third-Party Services outlined below.
Avangate - Our payment processor (now part of 2Checkout).
MyCommerce - Our payment processor (part of Digital River, ex ShareIt).
CampaignMonitor - For email newsletter we occasionally send.
Google -
We use Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, and Google DoubleClick on our sites as well as business
accounts for email and docs. Also, some products collect usage stats via Google Analytics.
Facebook - We have a Cogin Facebook page and may run campaigns.
Twitter - We
have Twitter accounts and may run campaigns.
QueueExplorer
Overview
Features
Standard vs Professional
Support
Download
Buy
QueueMonitor
Overview
Monitoring
Automation
Integration
Support
Download
Buy
Articles
Company
About Us
Blog
Contact
Copyright Cogin 2004-2020.
Privacy policy
Information is provided for educational purposes only, as-is and is subject to changes without further notice. No warranties of any kind. You agree to use all information only on your own risk.