https://www.centerprise.co.uk/page/privacy-policy
ISO 27001:2013
Privacy Statement For Centerprise International
We respect privacy and your rights to control your personal data. We will be clear about the data we collect and why. Your data is safeguarded by us and we do not and will not sell or rent your data to third parties. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize the services provided to you.
This Privacy Statement (The Statement) explains the personal information we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, and how we will use it. The Statement also covers the choices you can make about the data we collect, and how you can control these decisions. It applies to all Centerprise International (CI) products. It also applies to any CI controlled websites, as well as other offline interactions such as attending a CI Sponsored event (collectively referred to as, 'Services'). Please read this Statement carefully to understand when you may provide personal information to us and how CI uses personal information provided. By using CI products and services you agree to the use of your personal information as described in this Statement. The terms 'we', 'us', or 'CI' are each intended as a reference to Centerprise International.
To make the information in this Statement easy to understand, it is structured to highlight different occasions when a customer would potentially share information with CI. It is broken down into the following segments:
Who are we?
Centerprise International Limited
Centerprise International Ltd (CI) was established in 1983 and has a strong reputation as one of the UK’s most respected IT providers. Centerprise has a strong presence within the UK public sector and has an ever-growing footprint within the private sector. Centerprise has been a trusted supplier to the MOD for more than 25 years and is also a significant supplier of IT products, solutions and services within the Education, Central and Local Government, Emergency Services and Healthcare sectors.
ADAM Continuity
ADAM Continuity is the CI brand for the delivery of best in class Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery services. Through our ADAM services, we help manage and control an organisation’s business risks by providing expert advice and solutions in Cloud and IT recovery services. The services provide peace of mind to our customers allowing them to focus on delivering their core business objectives.
YoYoTech
YoYoTech is the CI brand for our market-leading manufacturing capability of custom built PCs and overclocking. YoYoTech was established in 2002 and became part of the Group in 2013. Our YoYoTech systems have held the world performance record on several occasions and we take great pride in the creation of every new system.
Learning about Centerprise International
As you gather more information about CI, you may virtually or physically visit a site that we own. Examples include browsing our website, contacting our sales representatives, physically visiting a CI-owned establishment or attending CI-sponsored events. To learn more about our products, you may voluntarily provide personal information, such as your name and email address during these interactions. You may also provide information online via cookies or similar technologies when you visit our websites.
We collect:
Name, email address, IP address and information provided by cookies or similar technology.
Why:
We use this information to share news about events and products offered by CI. Additionally, the IP address helps us to understand geographic information about our website visitors better so that we can improve our website for everyone.
Buying Products
When you buy from us, you may be asked to provide information so that we can complete your purchase. Information may include things like your name, phone number, email, shipping/delivery address, and payment information. We collect: Your name, phone number (optional), email address, delivery/shipping address, and payment information. Why: We use this information to complete your transaction, follow up with you about your purchase, help with any delivery issues, handle returns, and other issues related to the purchase of the products.
Use of Email / Anti-Phishing Policy
We will use email to communicate with you after you provide us your email address to gain access to our services. When you interact with us through your Online Services account, you provide your email address as a way for us to communicate with you.
We will never request that you provide sensitive personal information, such as bank account numbers, PINs, user names, or passwords through email.
To verify the destination of an active link, you should hover your mouse over it and review the address information displayed in the status bar located at the bottom of your browser page; it will display the Web address destination of the link.
Phishing
Web users should be wary of suspicious email. Signs that an email may be a phishing attempt include:
• The email contains obvious spelling errors. Phishers do this intentionally in order to avoid spam filters many Internet providers use.
• Links to the Web site contain all or part of a real entity's name, or Web address, but the link itself is not identical to that of the legitimate Web site. Clicking on these links may take you to a different, possibly malicious Web site or pop-up windows that ask you to provide, update, or confirm sensitive personal information. (Remember to check the true destination of an active link by hovering your mouse over it and reviewing the address information displayed in the status bar at the bottom.)
Phishing detection may be enhanced by use of a Web browser that has a phishing filter. The latest versions of most browsers including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Opera include phishing filters that can help in detecting phishing attempts.
Getting Help from CI
From time to time, you may decide to contact our Services team for assistance with your CI products and/or services. To be able to offer you the best service possible, we may collect certain data from you or your products.
What we collect:
This may include contact information such as your name, email address, phone number, social media identifiers (if you contact us using a social media channel), and the content of your chats and other communications with CI services team (including voice recording). In certain situations we may need to collect system configuration & diagnostic information to enable us to fulfil our delivery & support obligations.
Why:
We collect this information to enable us to deliver the services defined in your service agreement.
Information obtained from third-party sources
We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this notice and we also apply any additional restrictions imposed by the source of data.
How We Use Personal Information
CI uses the data we collect to provide you with the products and services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalise your IT experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about, new products or services available, security and other types of updates.
CI uses the data for the following purposes:
•Providing our Product Experience
•Customer Support
•Product Improvement
•Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
•Business Operations
•Communication, Marketing and Advertising
Providing our Product Experience
We use data to provide and improve the Products we offer and perform essential business operations. This includes operating products, maintaining and improving the performance of products, including developing new features, research and providing customer support.
Customer Support
We use data to diagnose product problems, repair customers' devices and provide other customer care and support services.
Product Improvement
We continually use data to improve our products and services, including adding new features or capabilities, such as user error reports to improve security features, using search queries and clicks to improve the relevance of search results, using usage data to determine what new features to prioritise.
Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
We use data to protect the security and safety of our products and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Business Operations
We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business.
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalise our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication to inform you about new CI products or Services, security or software updates, update you on a support issue, invite you to take part in a survey. We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant advertising to you.
Sharing and Disclosure
Centerprise International does not and will not sell personal information about our customers.
We only disclose your data as authorised in this Statement. We may share information with the following types of third parties.
Who We May Disclose your Personal Information to and Why
Third party vendors. CI uses a variety of third-party vendors to carry out services like website management and hosting, product purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email communications. We only share your personal data as necessary. To complete a transaction, provide a product or service you have requested or authorised and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Statement. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf of CI and in accordance with this Notice. The up-to-date list of these parties may be requested from CI at any time.
Parties with whom it might be necessary, when we reasonably believe it to be required by law or in connection with legal proceedings; to prevent harm to CI or its customers; for the prevention and detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders; to maintain the security of our products or to protect the rights or property of Centerprise International.
Parties with whom it might be necessary to complete a financial or corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
We may also share non-personal information such as aggregated data with our partners or publicly.
How to Access and Control Your Personal Information
You can review, edit or delete your personal data by contacting us directly at mailto:DPO@centerprise.co.uk. You can always opt out of receiving promotional emails and other types of marketing communication from us. We will respond to any request to access or delete your personal data as soon as possible, certainly within 1 calendar month of receiving the request.
Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences
You can opt out of receiving certain direct communications from Ci. If you wish to stop receiving emails from us, you can do so by following the instructions included in every email sent to you via the “Unsubscribe” tab. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe. It may take up to one week to process your request
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, web beacons, and other identifiers to help us personalise our website for you, understand how users are using our website and help customise our marketing offerings. By visiting our website you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in this Statement.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small data file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Centerprise International uses both types of cookies. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. We use the following types of cookies on our website.
• Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets cannot be provided
• Performance upped. These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. This data may be used to help optimise our website and make it easier for you to navigate.
• Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make and personalise your experience. We may store your geographic location in a cookie, for instance, to ensure that we show you the website relevant to your area.
• Third Party cookies. Third party cookies are those placed by websites and/or parties other than Centerprise International. These cookies may be used on our website to improve our products or services or to help us provide more relevant advertising. These cookies are subject to the respective privacy policies for these external services, for example, the Facebook Data Use Policy.
• Analytics cookies. We use analytics cookies, like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a visitor stays on our website, what pages they find most useful, and how they arrived at Centerprise International.co.uk. When you visit our site we store the name of your internet service provider, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, and information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit. We only capture and store a truncated version of your IP address. It is captured and stored in an anonymized format by suppressing the last octet so your full IP address never reaches our servers and we never have access to it.
We process this usage data to facilitate your access to our services (e.g. to adjust our services to the device you are using) and to recognize and stop any misuse. We also process usage data in an anonymized form for statistical purposes and to improve our site.
For a detailed description of the various software we use, please see as follows:
• Hotjar. You have the right to obtain a copy of the information we have stored about you and delete it if wanted.
• Albacross. When you visit our site, non-personally identifiable information is gathered such as your browser version, your operating system version, your IP address, cookie information, time stamps (time page accessed as well as time spent per web page), and clickstream information (for example, which pages you viewed and for how long).
• Google
• Bing
How to control cookie settings
Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences, however if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may impact your overall user experience. Below you can learn about how to control cookie settings on popular web browsers:
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Safari
Firefox
In addition to cookies, we sometimes use small graphic images known as 'pixels' (also known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or pixel tags). We use pixels in our email communications to you (if you have selected to receive such communications) to help us to understand whether our email communication has been viewed. We also use third party pixels (such as those from Google, Facebook, and other advertising networks) to help us provide advertising that is relevant to your interests.
Security
Centerprise International is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We are certified to the following International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Standards:
•ISO9001:2015 – Quality Management
•ISO10002:2014 - Quality Management – Customer Complaints
•ISO20000:2011 - Information Technology Service Management
•ISO22301:2012 – Business Continuity Management
•ISO27001:2013 – Information Security Management System
•PCI DSS - Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit data over the Internet, we protect it using encryption.
While no service is completely secure, Centerprise International takes precautionary measures to help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we ensure that our third-party data centre vendors provide adequate security measures.
Additionally, your data is protected with encryption, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), during transition over the Internet. Your personal information is stored on servers that are kept in a controlled environment with limited access. While we take reasonable precautions to guard personal information we collect from you, no security system is impenetrable. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@centerprise.co.uk
Other Important Privacy Information
Our Policy Towards Children
Centerprise International does not seek to gather information on or from children. We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information.
Our Retention of Personal Data
Centerprise International retains personal data only for as long as necessary and that is relevant to provide services, support your product and fulfil the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products or services, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Centerprise International may modify or update this Statement when necessary to reflect customer feedback and changes in our products and service; so, please review it regularly. When we update this Statement, we will revise the 'Last Update' date at the top of this document. If there are material changes to the Statement or in how Centerprise International uses your personal data, we will notify you by posting a notice of such changes before they take effect. We encourage you to regularly review this Statement to learn more how Centerprise International is using and protecting your information. Your continued use of the service or products after any modification to this Statement will constitute your acceptance of such modification and updates.
How to Contact us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send us an email to DPO@centerprise.co.uk