http://www.cepoint.com/html/privacy.htm
Cepoint Networks’ Privacy Policy
Cepoint's policies and procedures for handling customer information
have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still
evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet
the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, Cepoint's policies and procedures are subject to change.
In the course of serving its customers, Cepoint  may store and transmit customer
communications and information provided by the customer and, that customers may
regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information - such as the
customer's name, address, telephone number, and credit card data - is provided
to Cepoint by its customers in order to establish or
provide service. Cepoint will however under no circumstances
sell these informations to any third party. Other
information - such as the customer's account status, choice of services, and
customer logs - is created and maintained by Cepoint
in the normal course of providing service. Cepoint
also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can
store in a designated file on a user's computer for various reasons. For
example, Cepoint uses cookies on the landing pages of
products sold online which record the customer information that is required on
the order form. This information is then forwarded to an internal sales
tracking database within Cepoint. In addition, Cepoint may store customers' electronic mail and other
communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of
those communications.
Data Security
Cepoint will protect the confidentiality of its customers'
information, account information and personal communications to the fullest
extent possible and consistent with the law and the legitimate interests of Cepoint, its partners, its employees and other customers of
Cepoint's services. To
protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from
customers, Cepoint has appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures in place. Cepoint
is not liable for any leakage or unlawful interception of data and information
transmitted from customer or to authorized credit card processing agency
through the electronic super highway (internet), but shall properly report such
unlawful acts to law enforcement agency if Cepoint
becomes aware of such criminal act. Cepoint also has
the right to institute criminal and or civil prosecution against any party who
violates the law or engages in such an criminal act
while using Cepoint’s website.
How is customer information used?
Cepoint may share customer information with selected partners, for
example, to provide customers with information about products which might be of
interest to the customer or to enable the customer to take advantage of special
partner programs. Cepoint may also use customer information
to provide its customers with system information or information about new or
upgraded products.
In addition, Cepoint may
share its web site usage information about visitors to Cepoint's
web sites with a third-party advertising company such as DoubleClick,
for the purpose of targeting Cepoint's Internet
banner advertisements on Cepoint's sites and other
sites.
Option Out & Modifications
Customers may option out of receiving notices of
new or upgraded products from Cepoint and Cepoint partners by filling out this on-line No
Solicitation Request form. However, customers may not option out of receiving
information from Cepoint which is essential for
maintaining or updating customers' accounts or system information.
Disclosure of customer information and
communications
Cepoint will not otherwise disclose its customers' personal and
account information unless Cepoint has reason to
believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact
with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or
interfering with the rights or property of Cepoint, Cepoint's customers, or others, or where Cepoint has a good faith belief that the law requires such
disclosure.
Cepoint also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose
to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic
communications that Cepoint stores or transmits for
its customers. The circumstances under which Cepoint
will disclose such electronic customer communications are when:
1.      it is necessary in
order to provide service to the customer;
2.      it is necessary to
protect the legitimate interests of Cepoint and its
customers;
3.      it is required to
cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Cepoint determines in its sole discretion to be valid and
enforceable; and
4.      it is necessary to
provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently
obtained by Cepoint and appear to pertain to the
commission of a crime.
Cepoint disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in
ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted
through its facilities by customers or others. Cepoint
will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm Cepoint, its customers or third parties. The grounds on
which Cepoint may take such action include, but are
not limited to, actual or potential violations of Cepoint's
privacy policy.