https://www.majesco.com/press/celent-recognizes-majesco-with-xcelent-award-for-depth-of-service-in-the-north-american-policy-administration-systems-2020-personal-commercial-and-specialty-abcd-vendor-view-report/
Skip to content
CloudInsurer® Products
CloudInsurer® Solutions
Cloud-Based Insurance Platform
P&C Core Suite
P&C Core Suite
Policy For P&C
Billing For P&C
Claims For P&C
P&C Data Solutions
Insurance Data & Analytics Platform
Enterprise Data Warehouse
Majesco EcoExchange
Majesco EcoExchange
L&A and Group Core Suite Insurance Software
L&A and Group Core Suite Insurance Software
Policy For L&A And Group
Billing Software Solutions for L&A and Group
Insurance Claims Management Software For L&A And Group
L&A Data Solutions
L&A Insurance Data & Analytics Platform
InsPro PAS Solution
InsPro PAS Solution
LifePlus Solutions
LifePlus Solutions
Life IllustratePlus
Life AdminPlus
Life DistributionPlus
Life AdvicePlus
Insurance Distribution Management Software
Insurance Distribution Management Software
Digital1st® Insurance
Majesco Digital1st® Insurance
Majesco Digital1st® Insurance
Digital1st® Platform
Digital1st® Platform
Digital1st® Engagement
Digital1st® Engagement
Customers & Partners
Customers
Customers
Success Stories
Success Stories
Partners
Partners
Thought Leadership
White Papers
White Papers
Brochures
Brochures
Infographics
Infographics
Blog
Blog
Podcasts
Podcasts
Videos
Videos
Webinars
Webinars
About Us
About Majesco
About Majesco
Our Vision
Leadership Team
Board Of Directors
Insurance Software Solutions
Press
News
Industry Recognition
Industry Recognition
Contact Us
Contact Us
Information Request
Schedule A Product Demo
Convergence 2019
Industry Topics
EcoExchange Marketplace
Industry Events
Customer Center
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Careers
Celent Recognizes Majesco with XCelent Award for Depth of Service in the North American Policy Administration Systems 2020 Personal, Commercial and Specialty ABCD Vendor View Report > Press
Celent Recognizes Majesco with XCelent Award for Depth of Service in the North American Policy Administration Systems 2020 Personal, Commercial and Specialty ABCD Vendor View Report
Press Release
Published on July 9, 2020
Customers ranked Majesco first in 4 of 5 categories for the Depth of Service Award including Functionality, Technology, Implementation and Support
Morristown, NJ –  July 9th, 2020 – Majesco (NASDAQ: MJCO), a global leader of cloud insurance software solutions for insurance business transformation, today announced that Celent recognized Majesco with the XCelent Award for Depth of Service in the North American Policy Administration Systems 2020 Personal, Commercial and Specialty ABCD Vendor View Report for the leading score.
“Celent would like to congratulate Majesco on winning the XCelent award for Depth of Service” said Karlyn Carnahan, Head of Celent’s property casualty practice in North America.  “In judging the Depth of Service award, Celent looks at multiple factors, including the implementation capabilities and ongoing post implementation support. This evaluation methodology also considers the perspective of customers, who provided feedback through an extensive survey.  The XCelent award for Depth of Service recognizes Majesco’s performance in these critical areas.”
The report profiles 31 policy administration solutions, providing an overview of their functionality, customer base, lines of business supported, technology, implementation, pricing, and support. Of those 31 solutions, only 14 fully met the inclusion criteria for Celent’s ABCD full report and rankings.
“We are humbled and proud to be recognized by Celent as the top provider and winner of the XCelent Award for Depth of Service,” said Majesco CEO Adam Elster.  “More importantly, having our customers recognize us with top rankings in the Depth of Service Awards key categories of functionality, technology, implementation and support means so much because they work with us and the system each day. This report recognizes the tremendous progress we have made to aggressively redefine the next generation of SaaS and Cloud platform solutions that are enabling insurers to digitally transform complexity, modernize and optimize their current business models while creating new business models to meet the demands of the future of insurance.”
Some of key areas highlighted by Celent include:
The home screen for underwriters and policy service representatives provides a task-oriented activity center, recent records, and tabs for insureds, transactions, and lists.
Built on a modern architecture, the system is highly configurable. The configuration tool is very granular, providing a carrier with lots of flexibility.
One of its strengths is the provision of preconfigured content for all rates, rules, forms, taxes, fees, surcharges, etc. Majesco Policy for P&C for 52 jurisdictions. Majesco also provides automated updates of this data for its base products every month as part of Majesco Bureau and Content Services.
Their client base spans all tiers from the largest carriers in the world to small MGAs and startups. Their pricing model is flexible enough to accommodate the different needs of these different insurers.
Majesco was one of the first vendors to create a curated digital ecosystem of partners and Insurtechs. Digital1st Insurance® is the microservices based digital platform used for integration and orchestration (and available as a separate application). The Digital1st EcoExchange® includes apps from insurance ecosystem partners under a single platform.
Celent sees this as a strong solution, especially for commercial and specialty lines carriers with configuration tools to build additional functionality as needed. Carriers with a focus on commercial will appreciate the deep knowledge of ISO that shows in this product.
“We are thrilled and honored to be recognized by Celent with the XCelent Award for Depth of Service.  The re-architecture of Majesco Policy for P&C launched in Version 10 in late 2017 and aggressively expanded on with Version 11 in late 2019, pioneered a new era of the core insurance Cloud and SaaS solution model with a proven, robust, API and microservices enabled platform supporting all existing P&C lines of business, as well as innovative new products such as on-demand, cyber, rideshare and more that deliver speed to value,” said Manish Shah, President and Chief Product Officer at Majesco.  “With SaaS and Cloud core platforms now de facto software-delivery model for insurance, our open, secure and scalable architecture designed for continuous updates stands apart as a powerful yet easy-to-use platform for enabling insurers, MGAs, brokers and reinsurers to seize new markets, new business opportunities and new customers in today’s dynamic and highly-competitive market. We are committed to advancing the platform with increasingly, rich, data-driven, and innovative capabilities that will keep our customers at the forefront of the industry as leaders reshaping their businesses and the future of insurance.”
For more information, view the Celent report at this link.
About Majesco
Majesco (NASDAQ: MJCO) provides technology, expertise, and leadership that helps insurers modernize, innovate and connect to build the future of their business – and the future of insurance – at speed and scale. Our platforms connect people and businesses to insurance in ways that are innovative, hyper-relevant, compelling and personal.  Over 200 insurance companies worldwide in P&C, L&A and Group Benefits are transforming their businesses by modernizing, optimizing or creating new business models with Majesco. Our market-leading solutions include CloudInsurer® P&C Core Suite (Policy, Billing, Claims); CloudInsurer® LifePlus Solutions (AdminPlus, AdvicePlus, IllustratePlus, DistributionPlus); CloudInsurer® L&A and Group Core Suite (Policy, Billing, Claims); Digital1st® Insurance with Digital1st® Engagement, Digital1st® EcoExchange and Digital1st® Platform – a cloud-native, microservices and open API platform; Distribution Management, Data and Analytics and an Enterprise Data Warehouse. For more details on Majesco, please visit www.majesco.com.
Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. These forward-looking statements are made on the basis of the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of management, are not guarantees of performance and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. These forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in Majesco’s reports that it files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and which you should review, including those statements under “Item 1A – Risk Factors” in Majesco’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended by its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements contained in this press release include, but are not limited to:  the adverse impact on economies around the world and our customers of the current COVID-19 pandemic; our ability to achieve increased market penetration for our product and service offerings and obtain new customers; our ability to raise future capital as needed; the growth prospects of the property & casualty and life & annuity insurance industry; the strength and potential of our technology platform and our ability to innovate and anticipate future customer needs; our ability to compete successfully against other providers and products; data privacy and cyber security risks; technological disruptions; our ability to successfully integrate our acquisitions and identify new acquisitions; the risk of loss of customers or strategic relationships; the success of our research and development investments; changes in economic conditions, political conditions and trade protection measures; regulatory and tax law changes; immigration risks; our ability to obtain, use or successfully integrate third-party licensed technology; key personnel risks; and litigation risks.
These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions of future events and Majesco cannot assure you that the events or circumstances discussed or reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. If such forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. You should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by Majesco or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified timeframe, or at all. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this presentation. Majesco disclaims any obligation to publicly update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.
PrevNext
Majesco Contact Laura Tillotson
Director, Marketing Communications
Phone: +1-201-230-0752
Email: Laura.Tillotson@majesco.com
Learn More Want to know more about Majesco and how we’re helping insurers deliver digital business transformation to build the future of insurance? Get in touch!
Questions?
Or Request a Demo
This website uses cookies based on your browsing activity. The use of cookies enables you to have full access to all the features of this website. For more about how to control your cookie settings, see our Cookie Policy. By using this website, do you agree that Majesco may store and access cookies on your device.
YesNoPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Tweet Tweet Tweet