http://www.widget.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
CMS Distribution uses cookies so we can provide you with a better, more personalised user experience, as well as deliver more relevant advertising messages. To read more about how we use your cookies, see our cookies policy. Click OK to agree to our cookies policy.
OK
Cookie Policy
Cookies and the Website
We ask that you read this Cookie Policy carefully as it contains important information about our use of cookies on this Website. This policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy (https://www.cmsdistribution.com/privacy-policy/) which sets out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information.
This policy relates to your use of this Website. The Website may monitor and collect information about how you access, use, and interact with the Website automatically through “cookies” and other automated tracking technology.
A “cookie” is a small text file that is stored on a user’s Device. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Website, pages visited, and language preferences. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalise your experience while using the Website.
The cookies we use
The table below provides more information about the cookies we use and why:
What cookies do we use?
What do the cookies do?
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Website or use a shopping cart.
Analytical/performance cookies
These cookies are used to analyse how the Website is used and to monitor its performance, which allows us to improve your experience in using the Website. These cookies help us to tailor the content of the Website to reflect what users find most interesting and to identify when technical issues with the Website arise. We may also use this data to compile reports to help us to analyse how the Website is used, what the most common issues are and how we can improve the Website.
Functional/tracking cookies
These cookies enable us to recognise repeat visitors to our Websites. By matching an anonymous, randomly generated identifier, a tracking cookie keeps track of where a user of our Websites came from, what search engine they may have used, what link they clicked on, what keyword they used and where they were in the world when they accessed the Website. By monitoring this data, we can make improvements to our Website.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Session cookies
These cookies are used ‘in-session’ each time you visit and then expire when you leave a Website or shortly thereafter: they are not stored on your Device permanently, do not contain any Personal Data and help by minimising the need to transfer Personal Data across the internet. The option to delete cookies can be found in the settings or options menu of most browsers. If you delete session cookies it may hamper your experience using the Website. These cookies also take time stamps that record when you access the Website and when you leave the Website.
Persistent Cookies
This type of cookie is saved on your Device for a fixed period (sometimes for hours, sometimes for a year or longer) and is not deleted when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are used where we need to remember who you are for more than one browsing session. For example, this type of cookie can be used to store your language preferences so that they are remembered for the next visit to the Website
Google Analytics
_ga
_gali
_gat_UA-1036645-1
_gid
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Consent to use cookies
In most cases we will need your consent to use cookies on the website. Exceptions to this apply such as where the cookie is essential for us to provide you with a service you have requested (e.g. to enable you to put items in your shopping basket and use our check-out process).
If you visit our website you will have to click ok on the cookie banner to accept cookies. You can review your own personal cookie settings in your browser setting at any time.
You can contact us any time via the contact routes at the foot of this policy to withdraw consent or discuss cookies.
How to turn off cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can choose to not click the OK button on the banner. You can alsp change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the Information Commissioner’s webpage on cookies: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/.
Third party cookies and tracking technologies
Please note that the use of cookies or these other tracking technologies by CMS Distribution’s third party service providers is not covered by this Cookie Policy Statement. CMS Distribution does not have access or control over third-party cookies. CMS Distribution’s service providers may use persistent cookies for advertising and retargeting purposes. We may tie the information gathered from third party cookies to CMS Distribution’s users’ Personal Data, and we will use the combined information in accordance with this Cookie Policy. These include companies such as Mailchimp and Dotmailer.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
Email: compliance@cmsdistribution.com
Post: Compliance, CMS Distribution, Gardner House, Hornbeam Park Avenue, Hornbeam Park, HG2 8NA
Phone: +44 20 8962 2442
Changes to this policy
CMS Distribution may from time to time revise this Cookies Policy in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect changes in our business practices. If we revise this Cookies Policy, we will notify you by posting the updated Cookies Policy on this Website. Changes to the Cookies Policy will become effective starting on the date the revised Cookies Policy is posted on the Website.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website