https://www.absoft.com/privacy-policy/
Click Here For Your Free Pro Fortran Evaluation Today!
Policies on Privacy and Retaining Information
Absoft is committed to responsible use of information provided by our customers, users, and visitors to our web site.
In general, anyone may visit www.absoft.com without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Disclosure is entirely voluntary. Please check your browser configuration to reduce the information you provide.
There are occasions, however, when we do need to obtain information from our visitors. Some examples include, but are not limited to, if you choose to purchase a product directly from Absoft, send an inquiry to our Technical Support Department, or when you register ownership of a new product.
When Absoft receives information about your visit or about you, we may use it for research or to improve our web site and the products and services we offer. We may also use it to continue contact with you via email or other means. For example, to send you new product information or a notification of special offers. If you do not wish to receive this information, please contact us and let us know.
We also retain anonymous information about our users through third-party services, like Google Analytics or Youtube. If your browser allows it, we may also store cookies on your machine to track your session, or other information pertinent to the use of this site.
While IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session, the user remains anonymous. We may analyze this data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. We do not link your IP addresses to anything personally identifiable to you.
Any and all information furnished to Absoft by you is for Absoft’s internal use only. It is not sold to any third-parties.
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, would like to stop receiving information from Absoft, or would like to correct or update information you have provided to Absoft, please contact us.
Get Your Free Pro Fortran Evaluation Today!
Complete the form below to request your free evaluation copy of Pro Fortran.
Requests may take up to 2 business days to process.
Name
Email*
Phone
Organization
Platform*
Select Platform
Windows 32/64-bit
Mac OSX
Linux 64-bit x86/x64
Linux 32-bit x86
License Type*
Select a License Type
Academic
Commercial
Government
What will you use the evaluation for?
By requesting an evaluation copy of our software, you agree to abide by our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy.
Announcements
Absoft Pro Fortran 2021
Pro Fortran 2020 Service Pack 2
Pro Fortran 2020 Service Pack 1
Pro Fortran 2019 Service Pack 2