http://www.miklsoft.com/privacypolicy.html
MIKLSOFT
SUPPORT
ORDER
DOWNLOAD
PRODUCTS
HOME
Privacy Policy
Shopping
Shopping in our store is 100% safe! It is our #1 priority to make sure you can shop safely in our store. When you place an order, MIKLSOFT protects your credit card number and personal information by encrypting it. Encryption scrambles your credit card number and personal information. It stays scrambled while traveling over the Net and remains scrambled even while it arrives to MIKLSOFT's machines. Your credit card number is not kept or recorded by MIKLSOFT or our computers - it is simply passed through to the credit card company to finalize the purchase. For secure commerce transactions MIKLSOFT uses the industry standard secure server software (SSL), which is among the best software available today.
Personal Information
MIKLSOFT collects basic contact information when you fill in a order form. This information will be used for administrative and identification purposes only and will not be shared with our partners or third parties. Personal information is stored on MIKLSOFT computers and is only accessed by authorized MIKLSOFT personnel.
Software
The software distributed on our site doesn't collect any personal information or send any information to our servers. Any outbound network connections made by our software are made for the sole purpose of performing documented tasks, such as checking for new version. We don't and never will distribute spyware. We encourage you to download our software directly from our site to avoid potential security risks, such as downloading infected software.
Server Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security of our web site or about this privacy policy, please contact us by e-mail.
www.miklsoft.com
Term of use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2002-2017 MIKLSOFT, Inc. All rights reserved