http://www.acldigital.com/cookies-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Previous
Next
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Information about our use of Cookies and Privacy Policies:
ACL Digital and its subsidiaries herein after referred as ‘ACL Digital’, is committed to respecting your privacy and choices while you use our website. Our website uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. This aids us to offer you a better experience when you browse the site. Websites that operate in EU should have an agreement before storing cookies on your devices.
The cookie policy will let you know about the cookies we use and why do we use them. It reflects our privacy practices regarding Personal Information that we hold about you.
I. Personal Information that we collect and process in a protected mode
According to the privacy policy, ‘Personal Information’ is any data which is related to an individual who may be identified from that data, and other personally identifiable information which is or may be in possession of ACL Digital.
In general, you can visit our website without disclosing who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. However, certain information such as your IP address, demographics, your computer’s operating system, and browser type may be collected to ensure better usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance.
We collect your data when you register on our website or fill a form. When signing up on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, or phone number.
We implement different safety actions to uphold the safety of your personal information.
We use a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is strictly transmitted via SSL technology and then encrypted into our database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems.
We do not sell, trade, or transfer your personal information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who help us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Use of Information collected
The information including the personally identifiable information that we collect shall be used for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide our services to you;
To provide you with information about our services;
To remember information to help You efficiently access the Website;
To confirm Your identity in order to ensure that You are eligible to Use the Website;
To ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner based upon Your interests;
To provide You with promotional information about ACL Digital and other organisations that we have affiliations with;
To analyze our services and customers’ needs with a view to developing new and/or improved services.
By default, You may receive periodic updates through emails from ACL Digital. You may opt-out of the emails at any time. Instructions for unsubscribing are included in each email.
ACL Digital will not disclose Your personally identifiable information to any third party without Your consent.
II. Use of Cookies
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s systems to identify your browser and capture certain information.
Types of Cookies Used
Session Cookie: Session Cookies persist only if a browsing session is active and are intended to avoid user inconvenience during browsing through streamlined site navigation.
Persistent Cookie: Persistent cookies are stored on a user’s device even after the termination of a browsing session to recall the preferences or actions of the user.
How to delete, block or turn off cookies?
The settings of your web browser will help you to block some cookies. However, blocking all cookies may stop you from proper accessing of this website.
To turn off the cookies, check the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser.
For further information about deleting or blocking cookies, please visit: https://www.aboutcookies.org/
Categories of Cookies and Why do we use them?
Strictly necessary: We use this cookie to identify your log-in details and help you reach the correct service page you were looking for. This cookie helps in the proper running of the website. So, if you block this cookie, we may not be able to assure you of effective use of this website.
Performance: This cookie collects details of how you are using the website. It helps in improving your website experience. We use it for analytics, error control, test web designs, track content, etc.
Functionality: It is to remember some settings you have applied (layout, colour, etc) to improve your website visits.
Targeting: These cookies are for services offered by third parties. These services include ‘like’ and ‘share’ buttons for spotting that you have landed on this website. We use them to link you on social channels like Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. and to provide your information to some ad agencies. Blocking them may stop us from providing information about services that you might be looking for.
III. Linked Websites
ACL Digital may provide links to third-party websites and services. However, ACL Digital is certainly not responsible for the privacy statements, practices or the contents of such third-party websites.
IV. Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to the information collected offline.
V. How to Contact Us
If you have any queries regarding our privacy policy, you may contact us at:
Contact Address: 2953, Bunker Hill Lane, Suite 107, Santa Clara, CA 95054, USA
Phone: (408) 755 3000
Email: business@acldigital.com
Updates to the Privacy Policy
ACL Digital reserves the rights to change the privacy policy as and when needed and the same will be made available on the website. But our commitment to protect the privacy of our users will continue to remain the same. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent. We will also maintain the prior versions of this Policy as an archive for your review.
Menu