https://www.softwebsolutions.com/cookies-policy.html
Softweb Solutions’ cookies policy
HomeCookies Policy
Softwebsolutions.com uses cookies, web beacons and other web technologies such as CAPTCHA’s to improve the website’s performance and to enhance your browsing experience. Certain areas of Softwebsolutions.com also use cookies to understand more about you, so we can offer you a more personalized browsing experience.
What is a cookie?
A “cookie” is technology that allows Softwebsolutions.com to store tokens of information (an ‘identifier’) in your browser used only by Softwebsolutions.com while you are on the website. Cookies are not used to determine the personal identity of anyone who is merely visiting Softwebsolutions.com. They serve to help us track traffic patterns to determine a user’s preferred location and language so that we can direct them to the correct home page when they visit Softwebsolutions.com.
Cookies have other uses as well. For example, in the webinar section, they are used to provide entry for subscribers who have chosen the automatic log-on feature during registration. Cookies are also used to prevent online poll participants from voting more than once.
On certain pages of Softwebsolutions.com, cookies are used to help us track your interests while you browse the internet, so we can tailor more relevant content to you, and to understand what is important to you.
How do I disable cookies?
If you do not want to receive a cookie from Softwebsolutions.com, you have the option of setting your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, so that you may determine whether to accept it or not. However, please be aware that if you do turn off ‘cookies’ in your browser, you will not be able to fully experience some of Softwebsolutions.coms. For example, you will not be able to benefit from personalization features of the site.
What cookies do we use?
The cookies used by Softwebsolutions.com perform four functions, as classified below:
Essential/Strictly Necessary Cookies
Some cookies we use are essential to the functioning of Softwebsolutions.com. For example, remembering your log-in details to certain parts of Softwebsolutions.com.
Performance Cookies
Some cookies help us with the performance and design of Softwebsolutions.com. This allows us to measure how many times a page has been visited, whether a page has been visited on Softwebsolutions.com through an advertisement or by other means.
Functionality Cookies
On certain pages of Softwebsolutions.com, we use cookies to help us understand your interests as you browse the internet, so we can tailor and deliver to you a more personalized service in the future. This assists us in delivering relevant advertising to you during various advertising campaigns we may run from time to time through participating third party sites.
These cookies collect information relating to the origin of your visit, where you were exposed to SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS advertising, what advertising feature you saw, whether you arrived directly or indirectly to Softwebsolutions.com, the device you used to visit Softwebsolutions.com and which downloads you performed. This information is collected on an anonymous basis via third party suppliers.
In addition, we also utilize cookies on certain pages of Softwebsolutions.com to communicate with third party data suppliers in order to extrapolate your digital behavior. This helps us to understand and target more relevant advertising in the future. The information we receive is all aggregate and anonymous, but will include statistics such as demographics, online behavior, product interests and lifestyle. Targeting and tracking cookies are provided via trusted third party suppliers. Should you require more information regarding our suppliers and how these cookies operate please contact us.
What are web beacons?
SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS occasionally advertises on third party web sites. As part of our effort to track the success of our advertising campaigns, we may at times use a visitor identification technology such as “web beacons,” or “action tags,” which count visitors who have come to Softwebsolutions.com after being exposed to an SOFTWEB banner ad on a third party site. We do not use this technology to access your personal information and it is only used to compile aggregated statistics about visitors who come to Softwebsolutions.com to gauge the effectiveness of our ads.
By navigating on Softwebsolutions.com, you agree that we can place cookie and web beacons on your computer or device. If you prefer not to receive cookies or web beacons, then you should stop using Softwebsolutions.com, or consult your browsing settings.
Social Media Platforms
You may wish to participate in the various blogs, forums, wikis and other social media platforms hosted by SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS (“Social Media Platforms”) which we make available to you. The main aim of these Social Media Platforms is to facilitate and allow you to share content. However, SOFTWEB cannot be held responsible if you share personal information on Social Media Platforms that is subsequently used, misused or otherwise appropriated by another user.
SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS may also provide links to other social media platforms maintained on separate servers by individuals or organizations over which we have no control. SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or any other aspect of the information located on such servers.
A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement by either SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS or that third party of the other or its products and services. SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS makes no representations or warranties regarding how user data is stored or used on third-party servers. We recommend reviewing the privacy statement of each third-party site linked from Softwebsolutions.com to determine their use of your personal information.
Children
This website (Softwebsolutions.com) is not intended for use by children. We understand the importance of protecting children’s information, especially in an online environment, and we do not knowingly collect or maintain information about children.
Changes to this privacy statement
SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS may change this privacy statement as needed. If changes to the statement are made, please note that it may take up to 30 business days before new privacy practices are implemented. Check this page periodically if you would like to monitor changes.
Unsubscribe
SOFTWEB gives you choices regarding the collection and usage of your personal information. If you have registered for any SOFTWEB related updates through Softweb.com, and do not wish to receive future e-mails, please visit our unsubscribe page within the application you registered.
Complaints
If you are concerned about an alleged breach of privacy law or any other regulation by SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS, you can contact our representative or our Global Privacy Officer at 7950 Legacy Drive, St 250, Plano, TX 75024 United States. SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS’Privacy Officer will be made available to investigate your complaint and give you information about how it will be handled.
If you are not satisfied with the way in which SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS has resolved your complaint, you have the right to complain to the data protection authority in your country. You may also refer the matter to a court of competent jurisdiction.
Contact us
If you have questions or you do not feel that your concerns have been addressed in this privacy statement, please contact us or via your usual SOFTWEB SOLUTIONS representative.
This site uses cookies to provide you with a personalized browsing experience. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies as explained in our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy.Acceptx