http://www.isaix.com/privacy-policy/
Introduction
1. In this Privacy Policy, “we”, “our” and “us” means IsaiX Technologies Inc. The “Website” means our website; “You” means the user of the website;
2. We take our obligations to ensure your privacy and confidentiality of your information are protected.
By using the Website, you agree to the principles set out below.
What Personal Data do we collect and why
3. Visitors who are just browsing on this website are not required to disclose any personal information, such as your name or contact details. Visitors cannot be contacted unless such information is given. Visitors are also invited to give additional company information but a decision not to do so does not affect any subsequent negotiations or discussions.
4. The information collected and stored by us may be used to contact you with further details of IsaiX Technologies Inc. services, or to send you details of future initiatives or events [including services offered by members of our group of companies]. It may also be used for research purposes. You can inform us at any time if you no longer wish to receive such information by sending an email to info@isaix.com
5. When you apply for a job on-line we ask you to provide certain Personal Data (such as your name, your email address and contact details). Your personal details will be retained by us in connection with your job application and potential future assignments for which you are considered to be a suitable candidate unless you notify us otherwise.
6. Except where we explicitly state at the time we request the information, we do not disclose to any third party the Personal Data provided.
7. We will not review, share, distribute or print your Personal Data with any third party except with your consent. Individual records may be viewed or accessed only for the purposes of your job application, or as may be required by law.
Use of Cookies
8. When you interact with our Website we also collect information about you including details of your operating system, browser version, domain name, IP address
9. We may also send a cookie to your computer, which is a file stored on your hard drive by your web browser containing information such as your user name and session identifiers. Cookies do not identify you personally, they only identify your browser. Cookies are used so we can identify whether you are a registered user, and if so, to direct you to the appropriate part of the Website.
Security of your Personal Data
10. We use appropriate security measures on our Website and Services to ensure the safety of your Personal Data and to protect against misuse, loss and alteration of your Personal Data under our control.
11. We will use all reasonable endeavours to protect your Personal Data as referred to above, but cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Data you disclose online. You accept the security implications of providing your data online and you will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
Third-Party Websites
12. You can access other websites via links from our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those other websites.
Communications between us
13. We may monitor and record communication between us (including but not limited to telephone calls and electronic communication) for the purpose of addressing queries and ensuring security, and compliance with our legal and regulatory duties.
14. Any electronic communications from us to you will not be encrypted, so may be intercepted by a third party. So we will never ask you for nor should you ever send us security details or Personal Details by email.
15. You confirm that all information you supply will be accurate and that we may disclose such information as we consider necessary to comply with any reporting, legal or regulatory requirements.
16. If at any time after registering for information, you change your mind about receiving information from us, send us an email to info@isaix.com and we will ensure that your details are removed from our records
Obtaining copies of and changing your Personal Data
17. If you wish to see a copy of your Personal Data held by us please write to/email: info@isaix.com
18. We will delete or amend any Personal Data which is found to be incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant in accordance with the Data Protection Act. Please write to/email info@isaix.com above if you are aware of any changes that should be made.
NAVIGATE ISAIX.COMWhat We Do
Coach Technology®
VuePro
The Mindfield Game®
Burst Tools®
Training & Consulting
Contact Us
Request a Demo