http://www.tommyhouse.com/privacy-policy
CREATIVE
HOSTING
MARKETING
RESOURCES
ABOUT
CONTACT
CLIENT LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this Website and Tommy House Studios, the owner, and provider of this Website tommyhouse.com, tommyhousestudios.com and radiobash.com. Tommy House Studios takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website. Please read this privacy policy carefully.Definitions and interpretationIn this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
Collectively all information that you submit to Tommy House Studios via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998 and the European Union’s 2018 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR);
Credit & Debit Card Data
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details relating to financial data with any 3rd parties;
Cookies
A small text file may be placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies);
Tommy House Studios, we or us
Tommy House Studios, owned fully by William T. House, a sole proprietorship company in Montgomery, Alabama, USA with whose registered office is at PO Box 2242 Montgomery, AL 36102;
UK and EU Cookie Law
The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 and the European Union’s 2018 General Data Protection Regulation;
User or you
Any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Tommy House Studios and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Tommy House Studios and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
The website that you are currently using, tommyhouse.com, tommyhousestudios.com or radiobash.com, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions. In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:  the singular includes the plural and vice versa;references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy:a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts, and partnerships;“including” is understood to mean “including without limitation”;reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Scope of this privacy policyThis privacy policy applies only to the actions of Tommy House Studios and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites or externally-facing URLs provided throughout the course of using Tommy House Studios.Data collectedWe may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:          Your Name        Contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;        Billing information; in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our use of DataFor purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR, Tommy House Studios acts as the “data controller”. We will retain any Data you submit for as long as Tommy House Studios deems it necessary to provide adequate service to the User, unless explicitly asked by a User for their Data to be deleted. Unless we specifically say otherwise, your Data will never be intentionally disclosed to third parties for the sake of administering better service, but never for marketing purposes through various affiliates and/or other companies within our group.All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. For more details on these two security regulations see the clause below (Security).Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:  internal record keeping;improvement of our products/services;transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;transmission to 3rd parties in order for them to market relevant promotional materials that may be of interest to you;The ability to make automated decision making, including profiling, only for the purpose of offering a better and more personalized experience for the User or marketing to new users based on information from the users of Tommy House Studios in aggregate; in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Third party websites and servicesTommy House Studios may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary for the operation of the Website. The providers of such services have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website and may be located in various locations throughout the world.Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties will be processed within the terms of this privacy policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR.Additionally, Data can be transmitted to 3rd parties for relevant marketing purposes at the sole discretion of those employed by Tommy House Studios.
Links to other websitesThis Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and controlTommy House Studios may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Tommy House Studios. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us. We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it. In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.Controlling use of your DataWherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data. This may include the following:  Use of Data for direct or indirect marketing purposes; andYou have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal Data held by Tommy House Studios.You have the right to withdraw consent necessary to use the services provided by Tommy House Studios at any time.You have the right for your data to be deleted from the servers and databases of Tommy House Studios.
Functionality of the WebsiteTo use all features and functions available on the Website, you may be required to submit certain Data. In order to use the service administered by tommyhouse.com, tommyhousestudios.com and radiobash.com all Users must consent for Tommy House Studios to use your data for purposes Tommy House Studios sees fit as outlined elsewhere in the Privacy Policy. Refusal to offer consent is grounds for Tommy House Studios to block access to services offered by tommyhouse.com, tommyhousestudios.com or radiobash.com.A User may revoke consent at any timeYou may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information see the clause below (Cookies).SecurityData security is of great importance to Tommy House Studios and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website. If password access is required for certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.We endeavor to do our best to protect your Personal Data. However, transmission of information over the internet is not always perfectly secure and is done at your own risk. We cannot ensure the security of your Data transmitted to the Website.
CookiesThis Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. tommyhouse.com, tommyhousestudios.com and radiobash.com uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of products and services. tommyhouse.com, tommyhousestudios.com and radiobash.com has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current US, UK and EU Cookie Law.Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Tommy House Studios to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.This Website may place the following Cookies:Strictly necessary cookies - These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however, you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalization settings.It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.GeneralYou may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.The Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the United States of America. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under, out of or relating to the validity, interpretation, and performance of this Privacy Policy shall be referred to and finally determined by the competent courts of the Montgomery, Alabama and Alabama law shall apply.For any questions or concerns relating to the use of your User Data while using Tommy House Studios, you are welcome to contact the Tommy House Studios’ chosen Data Protection Officer who can be reached by sending an email to info@tommyhouse.com.Every user of Tommy House Studios has a variety of rights relating to the use of their data while using Tommy House Studios, including the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.Changes to this privacy policyTommy House Studios reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations. You may contact Tommy House Studios by email at info@tommyhouse.com.It is Tommy House Studios' policy to keep Personal Information only for so long as needed for such purposes. You may contact us in the following ways:Email Address:
Contact UsPostal Address: Tommy House Studios, P.O. Box 2242, Montgomery, AL 36102-2242, USATelephone: 1-877-246-1315Tommy House Studios reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy Statement at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy Statement will mean that you accept those changes.The information we obtain from our clients many times is propriety or trade-secret information. We understand that. In the course of the business between the two of us, it may be disclosed to Tommy House Studios in order for your project to come to fruition. Your information is always kept private between us. We value you and your business. We do not participate in the selling or giving away of our customer's information or disclose your trade information. We are always willing to sign Non-Disclosure Agreements with our clients.
HOME
CREATIVE
HOSTING
MARKETING
RESOURCES
ABOUT
CONTACT
CLIENT LOGIN DASHBOARD
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF SERVICE
PO Box 2242 | Montgomery, AL | 36102-2242
Local:
334-310-2915
Toll Free:
1-877-246-1315
Small Business Marketing Tips Newsletter
Subscribe to Our Email Newsletter
Name
Email
Company Name
Phone:
Message
Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
Oops, there was an error sending your message. Please try again later.
© 2020
All Rights Reserved | Tommy House Studios
Share by: