https://www.ambersail.com/privacy-policy/
For more information, complete the form below and we'll get back to you straight away.
Your name
Please leave this field empty.
Your email address
Your telephone number
Your message
This Privacy Policy accompanies Ambersail’s Terms and Conditions of use for www.ambersail.com (“website”).
Note that by using this website or submitting information to us through or in connection with this website, you signify your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you must not use this Website or submit information to us through or in connection with this Website.
What we collect and how we use it
We may use, store or process any personal information that relates to and identifies you, including your name, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address to the extent reasonably necessary for the purpose of:
dealing with your inquiries and requests;
maintaining information as a reference tool or general resource;
monitoring website usage. Note that these statistics will not include information that can be used to identify you.
We may also wish to provide you with information about special features of our website or any other service or products we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, you will have the opportunity on our website at the time of registration to make this clear, and subsequently if you change your mind you can send an email with such a request to enquiries@ambersail.com.
We will not provide your information to third parties. We ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law or when requested to by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations.
Cookies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
When you visit our website we may send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways:
To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly.
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Two types of cookie may be used on this website: (1) session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site; and (2) persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
You may disable cookie support on your browser but be aware that by doing so, you will lose certain features that require a cookie to work properly. We may use the information collected by the cookie to provide us with various statistics without identifying any individual.
Please contact us at enquiries@ambersail.com if you require information about disabling any cookies on the Website.
Your consent
By submitting any personal information to us you consent to the use of information as set out in this policy. We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to check the Privacy Policy every time you submit information to us. Use will signify that you agree to any such changes.
The Data Protection Act 1998 & GDPR (2018)
Ambersail Limited complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR 2018. Personal data submitted via Website enquiry forms is carefully protected and used only for contact purposes as stated above. Personal data is never distributed to Third Parties.
Information security
The Internet is not a secure medium. However, we have put in place various security procedures and measures based on the latest Information Security protection techniques.
Use of your personal information submitted to other websites
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you accessed the third party website using links from our website.
We recommend that you check the policy of each website you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have concerns or questions.
Contacting us for further information
For further information from us on data protection and privacy information please send an email to enquiries@ambersail.com or write to us at Data Privacy, Ambersail Limited, The Innovation Centre, Sci-Tech Daresbury, Keckwick Lane, Daresbury. Cheshire. WA4 4FS.
Careers
We're always looking for smart, talented, and passionate people to join our team.
On joining Ambersail, you will be working on incredibly diverse and interesting security projects.
You can expect a rewarding career supported by full training and personal development.
Interested?
Contact us
Graduates
If you are a graduate looking for a career in Penetration Testing & IT Security, please visit our
graduate recruitment page for details on our Graduate Development Assessor Programme.
get in touch with us today