http://www.offtopic.com/help/privacy
Menu
OFFTOPIC.COM
Home
Front Desk
Log in
Register
Menu
Privacy Policy
Help
Help pages
Help
Privacy Policy
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Offtopic.com uses and protects any information that you provide, while using this site and its services. This includes, but is not limited to, Offtopic.com and any associated websites and sub-domains. Offtopic.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information provided by you to Offtopic.com, by which you can be identified, will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. Offtopic.com may change this policy as necessary. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy periodically to ensure you agree with any changes.
What information we collect
When using any products and services provided by Offtopic.com, we may require some or all of the following information:
Name
Address
Telephone Number
Email Address
Additionally, while using Offtopic.com, any associated websites and sub-domains, some or all of the following information may be collected:
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
Geographical Location
Browser type and Version
Operating System
Referral Source
Length of visit, Page Views, Website Navigation and any other related browsing activity.
What we do with the information we collect
The information you provide to Offtopic.com is required for, but not limited to, the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Access to Offtopic.com, associated websites and sub-domains
Account Management
Purchase Confirmation and Account Reset
Confirmation of email address
Notifications of thread replies, private message and other internal forum communications.
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to Offtopic.com is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Links to other websites
Offtopic.com, any associated websites and sub-domains, may contain links to other websites. These websites may or may not be affiliated with Offtopic.com.
Offtopic.com has no control over any external websites. This privacy policy will no longer apply once you click on external links, and Offtopic.com cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information transmitted once you leave Offtopic.com.
Controlling your personal information
When using Offtopic.com, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through the settings located in the Privacy section of your account.
Offtopic.com will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you security information pertaining to Offtopic.com, or your account.
If you discover any of the information Offtopic.com holds for you is incorrect or incomplete, that you are unable to change yourself, please contact us as soon as possible so the necessary changes can be made.
Help
Top
Bottom
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…