http://www.icharter.org/about/privacy.html
HomeBusiness Certification Small Business
Enterprise Certification
Service Excellence
Corporate Certification
Business Integrity
EnviroCert
Other Certifications
Benefits of Certification Standards Data Storage
Ethical Governance
Ethical Advertising
Basic Vendor Requirements
Web Accessibility
Operational Excellence Awards & Rankings Corporate Citizenship
Business Service Award
Rankings & Lists
CEO of the Year
Business Product of the Year
Business with Integrity
Committed to the Environment
Environmental Product of the Year About us Introduction
News
Insight
Legal Information
Contact ICharter
IntroductionNewsInsightLegal Information Privacy Policy
Confidentiality Policy
Audit Trail Contact ICharter
Home / About us / Legal Information / Privacy Policy
International Charter Privacy Policy
The International Charter respects the privacy of visitors to our online sites. ICharter will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website.
In accordance with our commitment to protect personal privacy, the International Charter adheres to the principles of the Safe Harbor Framework as developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission. The seven principles and fifteen Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) referred to in this policy constitute Safe Harbor privacy framework. These principles and FAQs may be found at: http://www.export.gov/safeharbor
ICharter and/or the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you at the location at which you submit your information. From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information.
This ICharter website also uses information in aggregate form to track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is available in this process .Some ICharter websites use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access a website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies help provide additional functionality to the site or to help us analyze site usage more accurately. For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to enter a password more than once during a visit to one of our sites. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission.
If you submit your email address to our mailing list we will only use it to contact you with news and updates. These emails have a link which can be used to opt out. We are a participant in the Trusted Mail programme which ensures that we will treat your email address appropriately.
This ICharter website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable data from any person we know to be under the age of 13. All information is stored in a secure database, replicated and mirrored at secure locations across the world. Access to these databases and location is restricted to authorised personnel only, and fully tracked via audit records.
Payments are processed by third party partners, and we do not stored or collect payment information.
You are advised that any information you submit to a forum, blog or other public comment section on this website may appear in search engines.
Personal information may be disclosed to judicial or other government agencies subject to warrants, subpoenas, or other governmental orders.
As a convenience to our visitors, International Charter sites currently contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Any changes to this Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page.
This privacy policy was last updated on the 14th January 2011. The latest version of this privacy policy is available on http://www.icharter.org/about/privacy.html
For more information on our privacy practises, access information we have on you or to address any concerns you may have please contact our Privacy Officer using the form located at http://www.icharter.org/about/contact.html we are also a participant in the Trusted Mail programme.
Dispute resolution services are provided by eTrust. If you feel that we have not treated your information correctly you contact contact us to raise a complaint, or contact eTrust directly.
In the event of a merger the data from this organisation will transfer to the new organisation. In the event that the International Charter ceases to exist your information will be destroyed within 14 days.
As a convenience to our visitors, ICharter sites currently contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Any changes to this Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page.
As a convenience to our visitors, International Charter sites currently contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Any changes to this Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page.
This privacy policy was last updated on the 14th January 2011. The latest version of this privacy policy is available on http://www.icharter.org/about/privacy.html
For more information on our privacy practises, access information we have on you or to address any concerns you may have please contact our Privacy Officer using the form located at http://www.icharter.org/about/contact.html we are also a participant in the Trusted Mail programme.
Dispute resolution services are provided by eTrust. If you feel that we have not treated your information correctly you contact contact us to raise a complaint, or contact eTrust directly.
In the event of a merger the data from this organisation will transfer to the new organisation. In the event that the International Charter ceases to exist your information will be destroyed within 14 days.
As a convenience to our visitors, ICharter sites currently contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Any changes to this Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page.
Join the International Charter email list to receive news alerts on key issues
© International Charter 1997-2011
Contact Us | Privacy | About Us | RSS Feed |