http://www.heritage-tech.net/privacy-policy/
HTNet
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to highlight to you, the visitor, of the information we obtain from you, and how we use this information.
The following information is collected from you whenever you visit HTNet‘s web pages:
Your IP address
The date/time of your visit
Your web browser type and version
The OS you’re using
The URL which referred you here
The information above are always broadcasted by default, and are usually automatically logged by almost all HTTP servers. These information will only be used by HTNet for statistical purposes only. These information, with the exception of IP addresses, are not self identifiable.
The statistical data gathered can be disclosed as and when the HTNet webmaster(s) see fit. Usually whole IP addresses will not be disclosed (unless deemed fit, for example, disclosing spammers’ IP addresses to be blacklisted by others in the Internet community). However, they can be grouped and categorised in subnets and/or subdomains, and disclosed in that form for statistical purposes.
In addition, should you decide to comment on items posted on HTNet and/or use our Contact Form, the following additional information will be collected as well:
Your name/pseudonym
Your email address
Your web site URL (optional)
The email address recorded in this manner, is only required by HTNet‘s content management software to post comments and/or to email feedback to the webmaster(s). HTNet‘s webmaster(s) will not use the email addresses gathered by this method in any way whatsoever, unless the visitor specifically requests the webmaster(s) to contact them via email. Furthermore, these email addresses will never be displayed to anyone other than HTNet‘s webmaster(s).
Visitors are not encouraged to enter email addresses in the comments field, as they will be displayed as is and could be harvested by spambots.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google Inc., one of the advertising companies we partner with, offers a method for you to opt out of the use of its cookies. You can chose to do so by visiting this page.
No Comments Allowed
No Trackbacks Allowed
Search for:
Interlinking
WordPress Hack
Welley Corporation
Pages
About HTNet
HTNet Deals
HTNet Tags And Archives
Privacy Policy
WordPress Stuff
Popular HTNet Posts
My Rebonding Experience(249)
The Nur Amalina Story(178)
Do Not Use Hong Leong Credit Cards! (115)
Reviving A Dead Notebook Battery (76)
Potential Web Malware Warning: blockoo.com (69)
Setting Up Multiple Apache Local Web Sites On Your Computer (64)
Inserting Data Into MySQL From Excel Using VBA (61)
DNA Confirms That ‘Girl In Bag’ Is Nurin Jazlin Jazimin(46)
Conference Call Services(34)
Single Bookmark Category List Widget Released (32)
Read These
Welley Corporation
Stop Smoking Using The Boundaries Method
Conference Calls
Intrinsa Patch
Hong Leong Credit Cards
Linkage
Footnotes & Stuff
HTNet is © 2007 - 2017 Azmeen Afandi and is proudly powered by WordPress. All posts are my thoughts and/or opinions on whatever issue that happens to be the topic. If you take them as facts, you're on your own. Don't come crying to me. Comments are owned by their respected posters, HTNet is not responsible for them in any way.
Ran 41 queries in 0.301 seconds.