https://www.powersurge.net/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is very important to Powersurge. We operate our website under the following guidelines to safeguard your personally identifiable information:
Powersurge’s policies and procedures for handling customer information have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, Powersurge’s policies and procedures are subject to change.
1. What Personal Information does Powersurge.com collect?
In the course of serving its customers, Powersurge acquires, stores and transmits customer communications and information that customers may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information – such as the customer’s name, address, telephone number, and credit card data – is provided to Powersurge by its customers in order to establish service. Other information – such as the customer’s account status, choice of services, and customer logs – is created and maintained by Powersurge in the normal course of providing service. Powersurge also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on a user’s computer for various reasons. In addition, Powersurge may store customers’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
2. Data Security
Powersurge will protect the confidentiality of its customers’ information, account information and personal communications to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law and the legitimate interests of Powersurge, its partners, its employees and other customers of Powersurge’s services. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from customers, Powersurge has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place.
3. Modification of customer information
Customers may modify their personal information by submitting a helpdesk ticket.
Domain name customers, who have registered a domain name with Powersurge and wish to change the Technical Contact from Powersurge to another company, may submit a helpdesk ticket. It is important to note that customer domain name registration information is made publicly available in the registry of domain names.
4. Will Powersurge send me direct mailings?
From time to time, Powersurge may send its customers information related to our services. Examples include: scheduled maintenance notices, changes in our policies, changes in pricing, etc. In the future, we may introduce a monthly newsletter as well. We will not sell or provide your private information, including your email address, to any third party. Nor will Powersurge send its customers promotional information on behalf of third parties.
5. How do I protect my personal information in public forums?
Powersurge may offer interactive forums, such as message boards and chat. Powersurge users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose Personal Information to other users or to third parties on the Powersurge system, through e-mail, or outside of the Powersurge system, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other members or third parties. While Powersurge strives to protect your Personal Information, Powersurge cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Powersurge, and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.
6. What about privacy on sites that Powersurge.com links to?
Powersurge may provide links to its partners and other Internet sites. These sites have separate data and privacy practices independent of Powersurge, and Powersurge disclaims any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
7. Disclosure of customer information and communications
Powersurge will not otherwise disclose its customers’ personal and account information unless Powersurge has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Powersurge, Powersurge’s customers, or others, or where Powersurge has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
Powersurge also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Powersurge stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Powersurge will disclose such electronic customer communications are when:
it is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;
it is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Powersurge and its customers;
it is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Powersurge determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and
it is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Powersurge and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
Powersurge disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Powersurge will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm Powersurge, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Powersurge may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Powersurge’s Terms of Service.