http://www.appriver.com/product/email-message-privacy
Skip to main content
Email Message Privacy
Complete control of your sensitive information.
Transform your existing email environment into a secure communications workplace, with point-to-point message encryption and tracking, large file sharing, and e-signature capability – and the compatibility to work seamlessly with other compliance and security services.
Email Message Privacy is an essential part of Secure Cloud
helping you solve the challenges associated with Security and Compliance.
Explore Secure Cloud
True Message Security
All messages, contents, attachments, and e-signed files are cryptographically hashed and delivered via the Secure Cloud and stored encrypted at rest using AES 256-bit encryption to dedicated portal for easy retrieval at any time.
Easily Accessible
All features fully enabled and available through mobile and web apps and seamlessly integrates with existing SSO deployments.
Supports Compliance
All features fully enabled and available through mobile and web apps and seamlessly integrates with existing SSO deployments. Enhances ability to maintain compliance with major privacy and security laws and regulations (including major legislation such as E-SIGN, GLBA, HIPAA, PIPEDA, and more).
Download the Datasheet
Maintain Data Control
Control who sees your messages and our patented message delivery slip will show you when the message is received, opened, and more – giving you complete visibility and control, even after the message is opened.
All File Types Supported
Don’t worry about limitations and share whatever files your business needs to share.
E-Signature
Securely collect electronic signatures and approvals from your inbox. Verify the authenticity of signed documents as well as the identity of the endorser.
SaaS Solution
No infrastructure investments and easy integration into your existing mailbox and other communications channels.
Break down yesterday's limitations.Move forward with AppRiver.
Talk to Us
Secure Cloud
Unleash your teams to become more productive, secure, and compliant in a complex, digital world.
Explore Secure Cloud