http://www.realsoftware.com/company/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers Xojo, Inc.'s treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on our site. This policy also applies to Xojo, Inc.'s treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
What information do we collect?
We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit or use our pages. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested.
What do we use your information for?
We may use this information for three general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain services and information, and to contact you.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information,
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested,
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Xojo, Inc. to provide a product or service to you (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us),
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the above terms of service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. We may set and access cookies on your computer. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
All About Xojo
Getting Started
System Requirements
Conferences & Events
Xojo Cloud
Resources
Product Documentation
Videos and Tutorials
User Support Forum
Find a Developer
Company
About Xojo, Inc.
Press Room
Xojo Blog
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 Xojo, Inc.