http://www.policy.ucsb.edu/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Main menuHomePoliciesInformation StewardshipDelegations of AuthorityConflict of InterestContacts
University of California, Santa Barbara Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms of Use
By using this site and all other sites operated by the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) with a domain name ending in UCSB.edu, you agree to the terms of use listed below. These terms may be modified periodically without notice. Your use of the site(s), thereafter, signifies your acceptance of the modified terms. If you are unclear about what's acceptable or unacceptable use, please contact the campus policy coordinator at policy@ucsb.edu.
UCSB Web Sites
Within UCSB Web space are sites that support the University's mission of education, research, and public service, and its administrative business functions. These sites provide valuable information about UCSB. They are owned by The Regents of the University of California (The Regents) and are operated by UCSB. Site content may change without notice.
Also found within UCSB Web space are sites generated by groups or individuals whose expressed views, content, references or links to other sites do not necessarily represent the views of UCSB or The Regents, such as personal Web sites of students, faculty, and staff or the Web sites of UCSB registered organizations. The Regents do not endorse, warrant, or otherwise take responsibility for the contents of such sites or of any material accessible from them. Individuals operating such sites are responsible for posting disclaimers when required by University policy or law.
UCSB does not actively monitor or control Web content. If you see a violation of law or policy on a UCSB Web site, please notify abuse@ucsb.edu.
Links to Third Party Sites
UCSB Web sites may contain links to non-University sites (Third Party Sites). UCSB is not responsible for and does not control the content of linked Third Party Sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply University endorsement of the site, entity, products or services. Checking the privacy statement of the Third Party Site is recommended.
Privacy
Generally, UCSB Web sites collect information to improve site or individual Web page content, monitor performance, and improve functionality. However, some sites collect information to provide services. For specific practices, refer to the privacy statements posted on the site or contact the site operator.
UCSB site operators are charged with complying with all applicable laws and University regulations governing personal privacy and the confidentiality of information. Information that doesn't fall under established legal protections is subject to public disclosure under law.
Access and Use of Services
Abuse or misuse of access or services, including the unauthorized access or disclosure of personally identifiable information is a violation of University policy and may constitute violations of law.
Violations of law or University policy by University employees or students may result in prosecution, restriction of access to University electronic resources, and/or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or suspension or expulsion from the University, as determined by due process. Violations of law or these terms of use by the public may result in prosecution.
As a condition of your access and use of services, you agree you will: 1) not use the services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by University policy or these terms of use; 2) not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any services, information, computer systems or networks connected to any UCSB server or to any UCSB Services; 3) not use the services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server or network(s) or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any services.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
All University trademarks, service marks, and trade names are the property of The Regents of the University of California. The University Seal, UCSB names, initials, images, logos and related trademarks are not to be used by third parties without prior written permission as outlined in UCSB policies on the Use of the University's Name and Use of the University's Unofficial Seal. To seek permission, contact policy@ucsb.edu.
Other materials accessible within UCSB Web space, without explicit permission, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, with one exception. You may download one copy of the materials on any single computer, only for your personal non-commercial home use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose may be a violation of copyright and other proprietary rights.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the University must specify an agent to receive notices of infringement from an owner alleging that a UCSB Web site is infringing its copyright. UCSB has designated the following agent:
Kevin Schmidt
Acting Director of Networking, Communications and Security Services
Enterprise Technology Services
Public Safety Bldg 1022, UCSB
Santa Barbara, CA 93106-1020
Telephone: 805.893.7779
Email: kps@ucsb.edu
Disclaimer
The materials on UCSB Web sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, UCSB disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to: implied warranties of merchantability; fitness for a particular purpose; that functions will be uninterrupted or error-free; that materials are correct or reliable; that defects will be corrected; or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permissible, under applicable law, UCSB shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of or the inability to use the materials on UCSB Web sites. In no event shall UCSB's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing these sites.