http://www.eizo.com/privacy/
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tweet
Date Published: 01/31/2020
INTRODUCTION
EIZO Inc. ("we", "us" and "our") recognizes the importance of protecting personal data. The purpose of this Privacy Policy ("Policy") is to inform you of how we will process your personal data as a data controller and the measures and processes we have put in place to ensure its adequate protection.
This Policy does not form any contractual relationship between you and us, and we may amend it from time to time.
lawful processing
We will only process your personal data:
where you have given your consent;
where the processing is necessary to provide our products or services to you/your employer;
where the processing is necessary to respond to a request from you/your employer;
where the processing is necessary to maintain our relationship with you/your employer;
where the processing is necessary for compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations
In case of (a) above, you may withdraw your consent at any time, by making a request as set out in section 14 below.
What personal data we collect about you
We process the following types of personal data about you:
Your name, email address and other contact details;
Your role, position and/or job title within your employment
Details of your preferences for types of marketing events or materials;
Details of your access to our premises, systems, websites; and
Your messages, feedback or contributions to surveys and questionnaires.
It may be mandatory for you to provide us with your personal data, to enable us to manage our business and operations, to maintain our relationship with you/your employer, to provide our products or services to you/your employer or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. If you fail to provide your personal data, we might be unable to maintain our relationship with you/your employer or to provide our products or services to you/your employer.
We make every effort to maintain the accuracy and completeness of your personal data which we store and to ensure all of your personal data is up to date. However, you can assist us with this considerably by promptly contacting us if there are any changes to your personal data or if you become aware that we have inaccurate personal data relating to you (see section 9 below). We will not be responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us.
How we Collect Personal Data.
We usually collect your personal data from the information you/your employer submits during the course of your/your employer's relationship with us. This will typically be through you/your employer sending us emails and other correspondence, business cards, the forms and documents used when you/your employer signs up to our marketing or market data news lists, when you are named as an authorized person to trade on behalf of your employer, the sign-up information you/your employer uses to access any of our products or services either on your own behalf or on behalf of your employer.
We may also collect your personal data from other sources such as our group companies, marketing service providers, fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies and the records of governmental agencies.
We may collect information when you access our website through our use of data collection technologies, including web beacons, cookies, and embedded web links. These technologies collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website. They may also collect information about your IP address, unique device identifier, geolocation information, clickstream behavior.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a Cookie and let you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject any Cookies.
Please be aware that if you disable or reject cookies, some features and services offered or present on web services may be slower or may not work or display properly.
We use web analytics tools such as Google Analytics to assist us in understanding how people use web services and related marketing and promotions. You can opt-out of data collection or use by Google Analytics by clicking the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
how we Use Personal Data
We will process your personal data in connection with the management of our relationship with you/your employer and the provision of our products and services to you/your employer for the following purposes:
to provide you/your employer with requested products or services;
to respond to your/your employer's messages or posts to us;
to provide you/your employer with promotional and marketing materials about our products and services that we think you/your employer may be interested;
to manage, develop and improve our product range, services, stores, information technology systems and websites;
for monitoring and assessing compliance with law and our policies and standards;
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations and requests anywhere in the world, including reporting to and/or being audited by national and international regulatory bodies;
to carry out money laundering, financial and credit checks and for fraud and crime prevention and detection purposes;
for administrative purposes in relation to the security of and access to our systems, premises, platforms and websites and applications;
to comply with court orders and exercise and/or defend our legal rights;
for any other legitimate business purpose; and
as otherwise permitted or required by any applicable law or regulation.
International Transfers of Personal Data
If you are dealing with us within the European Economic Area ("EEA"), your personal data may be transferred to (including accessed in or stored in) a country or territory outside the EEA, including to countries whose laws may not offer the same level of protection of personal data as are enjoyed within the EEA. We will ensure that any such international transfers are made subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards as legally required within EEA.
When we may disclose your personal data
We do not and will not sell, rent out or trade your personal data. We will only disclose your personal data to the following recipients:
to our group companies;
to companies approved or designated by you;
to third parties who process your personal data on our behalf (such as our systems providers including cloud providers);
to third parties who process your personal data on their own behalf but through providing you or your employer with a service on our behalf (such as our suppliers);
to companies providing services for money laundering checks, credit risk reduction and other fraud and crime prevention purposes and companies providing similar services, including financial institutions, credit reference agencies and regulatory bodies with whom such information is shared;
to any third party to whom we assign or novate any of our rights or obligations;
to any prospective buyer in the event we sell any part of our business or assets; and
to any government, regulatory agency, enforcement or exchange body or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation or at their request.
How we protect your personal data
We are committed to safeguarding and protecting your personal data and will implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to protect your personal data from accidental or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or access.
Our Special Commitment to Children's Privacy
This website is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. If you are younger than 16, you may not use this website.
Your rights in relation to the personal data we collect
If you wish to:
update, modify, or delete your personal data, or obtain a copy of your personal data that we hold; or
restrict or stop us from using any of your personal data which we hold,
you can request this by contacting us as set out in section 14 below.
In any of the situations listed above, we may request that you prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of identification in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorized disclosure of data.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal Information (“PI”)
If you are a California resident, in addition to section 10, you have the right, under the CCPA, to request:
To disclose followings regarding your PI collected in the past 12 months. You can request your information twice in a 12 month period.
The categories of PI it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the PI is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling PI.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares PI.
The specific pieces of PI it has collected about that consumer.
To delete your PI we collected unless we need to keep it for certain reasons. For example, we need your PI to perform a contract between you and us, to comply with our legal obligations and to detect security incidents and protect against illegal activity.
To opt-out of the sale of your PI, if we sell it. Regarding this request, please also see “Do not sell my Personal Information” page.
We will not discriminate against a California consumer for exercising any rights under the CCPA.
When you exercise your privacy rights and make a CCPA request. W, we will first confirm that you are a California consumer and authenticate your identity according to the requirement of CCPA. At this confirmation, we may requests for additional information for verification purposes via email or regular mail, at your preference. If an authorized agent is being utilized for a request under the CCPA, we will require proof of it’s authority and the identity verification about whom the request is being made.
You can request above these by contacting us as set out in section 14 below.
How long we will hold your PERSONAL data for
We will only retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal, regulatory or internal policy requirements.
How we update or change this Privacy Policy
We may change or update parts of this Policy in order to maintain our compliance with applicable law and regulation or following an update to our internal practices. We will do this by updating this Policy on https://www.eizo.com/privacy/.  You will not necessarily be directly notified of such a change. Therefore, please ensure that you regularly check this Policy so you are fully aware of any changes or updates.
How you can contact us
If you have any queries about the contents of this Policy or your personal data, or wish to make a request in relation to your personal data, please contact us using the details set out below:
Email: us.feedback@eizo.com
Post: 5710 Warland Dr. Cypress, CA 90630
Toll Free - 1-800-800-5202
HOW TO LODGE A Complaint TO THE REGULATOR
You are entitled to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator in your country if you consider that we have breached your data protection rights.
Experience EIZO Ordering and questions
1 (800) 800-5202 or contact us.
Contact Us ›
Solutions
Business Enterprise
Graphics
Medical
Industry
Air Traffic Control
Defense / Aerospace
Products
FlexScan
ColorEdge
CuratOR
RadiForce
DuraVision
Raptor | Re/Vue
Accessories
Exhibitions
Support
Support Overview
Brochures
Product Database
FAQs
Manuals
Glossary
Compatibility
Warranty & Recycling
Software and Drivers
Product Registration
Library
Where to buy
Resellers
Distributors
Channel Partners
Buy Direct
Follow Us
Submit