http://www.iexposure.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
About
Process
Portfolio
Services
Services Overview
Custom Web Design
User Experience Design
User Interface Design
Responsive Design
Branding
Web Development
Content Management
SaaS
Web Application Development
Mobile App Development
Gamification
Internet Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Copywriting
Email Marketing
Social Media
Paid Search Marketing/SEM
Technology
Contact
Request a Quote
PRIVACY POLICY
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@iexposure.com.
At www.iexposure.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.iexposure.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.iexposure.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.iexposure.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. We use third party tracking, including Google Analytics and Google Adwords Conversion Tracker, to collect anonymous data through the use of cookies. We also use separate proprietary tracking software that may tie your browsing history to personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us through the use of our contact form and other forms on the site.
We use Google AdWords remarketing to advertise our site across the web. As part of this advertising program, third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to show ads based on prior visits to our website. You may opt out of this type of ad serving by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.iexposure.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.iexposure.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.iexposure.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.iexposure.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.iexposure.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
About
Process
Portfolio
Services
Technology
Contact
Support
Careers
Privacy Policy
Industry Insights
Internet Exposure™
1101 Washington Ave S
Minneapolis, MN 55415
612-676-1946
Request a Quote
Google Plus
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Copyright © 1995-2020 Internet Exposure™ All Rights Reserved