http://www.parabon.com/nanolabs/misc/privacy.html
Home
News
Careers
Contact
About
Therapeutics
Forensics
Analytics
Get Involved
Privacy Policy
Parabon NanoLabs, Inc. ("Parabon") developed this Internet
Privacy Policy to provide information about its practices
regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information
that you may provide when you visit this Web Site.
We
encourage you to read this Internet Privacy Policy and the
Legal Notice contained on another page this Web Site before
submitting information. By using this Web Site, you acknowledge
that you understand and agree to the terms of the Internet
Privacy Policy and Parabon's Legal Notice.
Information Collection and Use
Parabon may collect information from individuals when
they use this Web Site and/or access certain content or use
tools provided on this Web Site.
Parabon is the sole owner
of information collected on this Web Site. Parabon will not
sell, share, or rent this information to others or use it
in ways different from what is disclosed in this policy.
Parabon may contact you through a variety of means such as
postal mail, phone, or e-mail to provide you with information
and offers the company believes may be of interest to you
unless you specifically opt out of these communications by
contacting us and requesting such action be taken.
You can visit much of the Web Site without telling us
who you are or providing us with other personally identifiable
information. Some areas of the Web Site allow you to contact
us to ask questions or provide comments. You may always
choose not to provide the required information, but then
you may not be able to participate in the particular activity
that requires the information.
Parabon will not treat as confidential any information
that you provide that is not personally identifiable, such
as questions, comments, ideas, or suggestions. You should
be aware that Parabon will be free to disclose through any
means and use for any purpose such information in its sole
discretion. By providing such information to Parabon, you
understand and agree that no relationship has been created
between Parabon and you, and Parabon has no obligation to
you whatsoever regarding that information.
Cookies and Log Files
We may store some information on your computer using a
technique your browser supports called "cookies". The cookies
are used for a variety of purposes, including but not limited
to helping you login (e.g., remembering your user name if
you register or login), remembering some of your customized
user preferences, to help us better understand how people
use our Web Site, to collect anonymous traffic data, and
to help us improve our Web Site. In some cases, this
information will help us tailor content to your interests
or help us avoid asking for the same information when you
revisit our Web Site. The cookies set by our Web Site are
used only by our Web Site. With respect to collecting
anonymous traffic data, we may use third parties to collect
such data on our behalf. To disable or limit the use of
cookies, please refer to the options provided by your
Internet browser. If you do so, however, some pages or
features (such as customized products/services or user
preferences) on this Web site may not work properly.
Sharing
Except as set forth in our privacy policy or otherwise
disclosed to you when you submit personal information to
us or download materials from this Web Site, we do not share
personally identifiable information with our partners or
advertisers.
We may share personal information with our
service providers solely for such service providers to
facilitate our services. Any such service providers are
required to use such information solely to provide the
services we have requested, and to abide by our privacy
policy. We may share any information about you to law
enforcement, other government officials, or other third
parties, as we believe necessary or appropriate, in connection
with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property
infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may
expose us to legal liability. We may disclose personal
information when required by law or in the good-faith belief
that such action is necessary in order to conform and comply
with the edicts of law. We may share personal information
in connection with our merger, consolidation, reorganization,
or sale of substantially all of our assets provided that
such third party agrees to comply with the privacy policy
that applies to your personal information.
Links
This Web Site contains links to other sites. Parabon is
not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and
to read the privacy statements of other Web sites that
collect personal information. Parabon's privacy policy
applies solely to information collected by this Web Site.
Security
Parabon takes every precaution to protect users'
information. All information submitted through this Web
Site is protected both on and off-line.
In addition to
technical safeguards, we also use physical controls and
procedures to safeguard any personally identifiable
information. However, we cannot guarantee that it is
completely secure from people who might attempt to evade
our security measures or intercept transmissions over the
Internet.
Notification of Changes
Parabon may at any time revise this privacy policy by
updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions
and should therefore periodically visit this page to review
the most current privacy policy.
Additional Policies
Please refer to Parabon's Legal Notice for
additional policies applicable to the administration and
use of this Web Site.
This page last updated on 8 November 2012
© 2020 Parabon NanoLabs, Inc.
Patents pending. All rights reserved.
Home | About | News | Careers
Privacy | Legal | Investors | Contact