http://www.internet2.edu/policies/privacy/
Privacy
We have updated our Privacy Policy effective December 9, 2016. By continuing to use our website, you are accepting the terms of this updated Privacy Policy.
I. INTRODUCTION
Internet2 recognizes and respects the privacy interests of our community members and others who visit the Internet2 website, internet2.edu (the “website”). We are committed to protecting those privacy interests in a technically secure environment; keeping individuals informed about how we collect and use information about them; and giving individuals a measure of control over how we use their information. By using this website, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information as described herein. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by this reference into the Internet2 Terms of Use, available at https://internet2.edu/community/about-us/policies/terms-of-use/.
II. WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy describes
The information that we may collect when you visit this website, including personally identifiable information (“PII”), which consists of any information that identifies you personally (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name);The reasons we may collect such information;Ways in which information, including your PII, may be used and disclosed; andSecurity measures we take to prevent the misuse of information entrusted to Internet2.
This policy only pertains to the Internet2 website. Our website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Internet2 is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties and third party sites. We encourage you to be cautious when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of other sites that may collect information from you.
III. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
Internet2 collects the following kinds of information from visitors to our website: (i) information we collect automatically when you visit our website, and (ii) information you provide through online transactions and inquiries.
A. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU VISIT OUR WEBSITE
We may collect information about your computer and your visits to our website, such as your IP address, geographical location, domain type, browser type, referral source, length of visit, date and time of visit, number of page views, and other website activity. We also may use web beacons to track your interaction with our e-mails. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to analyze usage, to improve the website’s usability, and for communications purposes. This information is primarily non-PII in nature.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to make our website work best for our users and their interests. Our cookies are text files that are sent from a web server to your browser and may be stored by your browser or on your computer’s hard drive. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from that server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. Our cookies cannot read data off your hard disk and will not damage your system.
You can set your browser to refuse any cookie or to alert you when a cookie is being sent. If you refuse cookies, some portions of our website may not function optimally. In particular, the Internet2 website relies on cookies for the following functions:
Selecting and reserving places at Internet2 conferences and other events;Remembering your details so we can pre-fill forms on the website for you; andKeeping records of how you navigate through the website, to improve the content and navigation features of the website.
Additionally, to help facilitate the delivery of relevant content, Internet2 utilizes “Google Analytics” to identify how users engage with our website. Google provides a complete privacy policy and instructions on opting out of Google Analytics here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
With respect to “do not track” requests, Internet2 does not support such requests and continues to collect information as described herein.
B. INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH VOLUNTARY TRANSACTIONS
When you use our website to register for any of our conferences, workshops, or other events, make an inquiry, report a problem, join one of our mailing lists, or register to use certain online services (e.g., the Community Forum) from us, you may be asked to provide information including, but not limited to, your name; institutional affiliation and/or position; home, business and/or billing address; telephone number; email address; and credit or debit card number. Please note that separate privacy policies containing more service-specific detail are applicable to certain areas of the Internet2 website, such as Event Registration and the Community Forum (these policies are available at https://internet2.edu/community/about-us/policies/). Additionally, all policies pertaining to InCommon, which is operated by Internet2, can be found on InCommon’s website, www.incommon.org, and is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
The above provides an example of the PII that may be collected through this website. If you do not want us to collect your PII, please do not provide it to us.
C. NO INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13
No part of the Internet2 website is directed to children under the age of 13, and Internet2 does not knowingly collect or maintain PII from children under the age of 13.
IV. WHY WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION:
Internet2 collects this information for various reasons, including:
To record traffic flows and monitor the use of our website;To help make our website more useful to visitors (e.g., by filling in forms for you to personalize your website experience);To carry out research about our visitors’ demographics, interests, behaviors, and the types of technologies they use, in an effort to enhance our visitors’ experience;To permit access to limited-entry areas of our website;To enable us to communicate with you or your organization (e.g., to respond to your inquiries, to let you know about Internet2 initiatives and services in which you may be interested, to seek your help in improving Internet2 services, or for other direct communications purposes); andAs disclosed to you at the time of collection.
Please note that non-PII also is used as described above and in other ways as permitted by applicable laws, including combining non-PII with PII. When we tie non-PII with PII, it is considered PII for the purposes of this policy. That means that we will be using and sharing this combined data in the manners in which we use and share PII.
V. WHAT THIRD PARTIES, IF ANY, IS THE DATA SHARED WITH?
Unless otherwise specified herein or at the time of collection, Internet2 will not give, sell or provide access to your PII to any company, individual, or organization.
A. Unaffiliated Third Party Contractors/Agents/Service Providers
We may share your information with third party contractors or agents of Internet2 to the extent that they need such information to fulfill their contractual obligations to us or to you or your organization. In such cases, we seek contractual assurances that the information is protected and used strictly for purposes within the scope of the contract.
B. Event Registration Information
Some of the information you give us in connection with registration for an event, including workshops, webinars, and in-person events jointly hosted with third parties, may be shared with event attendees, sponsors, and other members of the research and education community. Additionally, event attendee lists may be posted on the event website. For more information on our privacy practices with respect to event registration information, including ways in which you can opt out of such sharing, please visit http://www.internet2.edu/policies/privacy-event-registration/.
C. Corporate Reorganization
Your information may be shared with third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales or transfers of all or substantially all of our assets.
D. Law Enforcement Requests & Fraud Prevention
We may share the information you give us with a government agency or other entity to comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law, comply with legal process served on us, or protect and defend our rights or property and to protect against fraud.
VI. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
If you choose to provide us with your PII, we may transfer that information to affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, please note that you are transferring your PII to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and may not afford you the same rights conferred upon data subjects in the EU.By providing your PII you consent to:
the use of your PII for the uses identified above in accordance with this policy; andthe transfer of your PII to the United States as indicated above.
VII. HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION
We use industry-standard methods to maintain the security of the information you provide us.
Some of the information you provide us, such as your phone number and email address, is stored in a password-protected environment, and access is provided only to those who require access to administer and maintain the system, provide requested support, or respond to your inquiry or comments, or as otherwise provided in this policy.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed as 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that your information will never be accessed, used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy, and we expressly disclaim any liability for any loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of your information.
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this website or providing PII to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this website. We may post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs. We also may send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
VIII. MUTUAL OBLIGATION TO PROTECT PRIVACY
A prominent Sign In link appears on Internet2 pages that offer user sign-in (for instance, at the top of any www.internet2.edu or meetings.internet2.edu page). You may sign in by using your existing Shibboleth credentials. If you do not have Shibboleth credentials, you may create a local account (an Internet2 SiteID) by choosing a self-selected password. For security reasons, your password must not be disclosed to any other party. The misuse of passwords or misrepresentation of identity by use of another’s password may compromise the security of our website or services. Such misuse may result in the temporary or permanent termination of your rights to use the website or related services.
If you lose control of your Shibboleth credentials or self-selected password, you may lose substantial control of your PII and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately contact the administrator who issues Shibboleth credentials at your institution to reset your old password. If your password has been compromised and you do not have Shibboleth credentials, please contact us at the email address provided below. Internet2 shall not be responsible for any damages incurred as a result of unauthorized use of your password and hereby expressly disclaims all responsibility for any such damages.
Please keep in mind that if you submit any information, including PII, for inclusion in any directory or information service, that information may be seen by anyone who has access to that directory or information service. Do not submit any information for inclusion in a directory or information service that you do not want to be made public in this way.
Further, do not send us any information about anyone else without their permission. In particular, when you apply for a membership account or register or amend a domain name registration, you must obtain the consent of anyone whose information you provide to us.
IX. ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OPPORTUNITY TO UPDATE INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES
You may access and manage your online profile and biography by clicking Sign In at the top of any www.internet2.edu site page. After signing in, a My Account link becomes available in the same position on the page. Click My Account to access and make changes to your profile and biography.
You can opt out of Internet2 announcement communications and manage your email subscription preferences by visiting the Internet2 Email Preferences Center. You can opt out of Internet2 collaboration lists by visiting lists.internet2.edu, signing in and clicking Manage Your Subscriptions.
Additionally, any recipient of any promotional email from Internet2 may unsubscribe from future messages via a link at the bottom of each message.
That said, please note that we communicate with our users regularly via e-mail. For example, we may use your e-mail address to confirm your request or to provide notices and other disclosures required by law. Generally, you cannot opt-out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional.
If you have any questions about accessing or updating your information in our records, please send an email to privacy@internet2.edu.
X. FORUMS, CHAT ROOMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS
Please note that any information you include in a message you post to any chat room, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you do not want people to know your e-mail address, for example, do not include it in any message you post publicly. PLEASE BE EXTREMELY CAREFUL WHEN DISCLOSING ANY INFORMATION IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE BY OTHERS OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU DISCLOSE IN CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS AND OTHER PUBLIC POSTING AREAS. For our policy specifically related to our Community Forum, please visit http://www.internet2.edu/policies/privacy-community-forum/.
XI. NOTICE FOR UPDATES AND CHANGES TO POLICY
As our website and communications practices evolve, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the manner in which we handle your information, whether to comply with applicable regulations and self-regulatory standards, or otherwise. The Privacy Policy posted here will always be current and the effective date will be posted at the bottom of the policy. When we do make changes, we will update the “Last Updated” date below. We encourage you to review this policy regularly, as any use of the website following an update will signify agreement to the updated Privacy Policy as posted.
XII. WHO TO CONTACT IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact privacy@internet2.edu.
Effective Date: December 9, 2016
Last Updated: December 9, 2016