https://www.controllab.nl/cookie-policy/
COOKIE POLICY
Controllab uses cookies on its websites including, but not limited to, www.controllab.nl, www.20sim.com and www.20sim4c.com. Cookies are small files that are placed on your hard disk during a visit to our website. These small files contain information about your preferences, which can be consulted on a later visit to the website. Thanks to these cookies, you do not have to enter the same information again or, for example, choose language settings during a later visit.
Types of cookiesControllab uses different types of cookies:
First party cookies
Permanent cookies
Third party cookies
Google Analytics
Google Maps
First party cookiesPermanent cookiesControllab uses permanent cookies. With these cookies, the website remains set up in your personal way. For example, you do not have to re-enter your language preference every time or you do not have to see the notifier on our websites for our cookies policy.
Third party cookiesGoogle AnalyticsCookies from the company Google are placed on websites from Controllab, among which are: www.controllab.nl, www.20sim.com and www.20sim4c.com. These cookies are used for Google Analytics, a service from Google that allows us to measure how you use our website. We use this knowledge to optimize our website and to make reports about the use of our website. Google may provide this information to third parties if it is legally obliged to do so. The information is anonymised as much as possible. Also consult the Google Privacy Policies.
Google MapsOur websites can make use of the Google Maps service. Google Maps can collect cookies based on if you are logged in to your Google account, and when using their Google Maps service on our websites. These include among others knowledge about your current location, and Google account. Please look into the Google cookies policy to see more information about the cookies policy of using the Google Maps service on our website.
Google reCAPTCHA v3Our websites are protected from fraud and abuse by using Google reCAPTCHA v3. More information can be found at Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Allow cookiesBy using websites hosted by Controllab including, but not limited to, www.controllab.nl, www.20sim.com, and www.20sim4c.com, you agree to our cookie policy. Agreeing to the cookies policy is not mandatory. If you disagree with our cookie policy, then it is sufficient to stop using our websites. You can alsowithdraw your consent at any time by simply stopping to use our websites. Note that existing cookies that are present on your computer from our websites, will not be taken away when withdrawing your consent or not agreeing to the cookies policy. The next section will explain what you will have to do to remove cookies, including those from the Controllab websites, from your computer.
Delete or block cookiesYou can delete or block our cookies at any time. The links below explain how to block or delete cookies in your browser:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
This cookie policy was last modified on: 2018-05-23. We reserve the right to change this cookie policy at any time.
Our privacy statement applies to all our personal data processing, unless explicitly stated otherwise. If you would like to know more about how we handle your data and respect your privacy, then please refer to: /privacy-statement/.
Questions and comments
For questions, comments or further information about this cookie policy, please contact us:
Controllab Products B.V.Hengelosestraat 500+31 85 773 18 72
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree with our cookie policy.OkNoRead more