http://www.pstats.com/privacy.php
Home |
Sign Up |
Terms |
Privacy Statement |
Contact Us
Users
Username:
Password:
Forgot your password?
pStats.com Web Reporting Privacy Statement
Information Collection and Use
pstats is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will
not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what
is disclosed in this statement. pstats collects information from our users
at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form.
During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such
as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about
the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional
for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender),
and other unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized
experience on our site.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing
information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information while on our site. Once the cookie expires or is 'logged
out', the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our
site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving
time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our
site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas
of our site. For example, the user will not be able to view thier stats. Cookies
can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance
the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s
movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses
are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual
person.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we pstats
are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements
of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user
therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information
requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address),
and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information
will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will
be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of
this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our
site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. pstats will
automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
pstats stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time
email. The friend may contact pstats at http://www.pstats.com to request the
removal of this information from their database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is
protected both online and off-line.
Special Offers
We send all new users a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established
users may occasionally receive information on products, services, special
deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present
the option to not receive these types of communications. Please contact us for
details.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Users are not
able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information
about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services
and in regards to issues relating to their account via email.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your
zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide
a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided
to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by emailing
our Customer Support.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our
Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we
use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we
decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from
that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an
email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information
in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy
policy under which the information was collected.