http://www.nextmill.net/privacy.php
Millennium Systems Inc.
Call 949-252-8772 / Email Us
Millennium Systems Inc.
Home
Hosting
Web Hosting
Website Builder
Domain Registration
Reseller Hosting
Services
Data Center Facility
Server Colocation
Dedicated Servers
VPS/Cloud Servers
Office 365 Provider
Veeam Cloud Connect
Computer Repair
Data Backup
Offsite Data Backup
Office365 Cloud Backup
Mail
SmarterMail Hosting
Microsoft Exchange
SSL
Support
Customer Support
Knowledge Base
Online Ticket Systems
Secure Online Payment
About
About Us
Contact Information
Map & Directions
Employee Profiles
Customer Comments
Order Now!
Privacy Policy
Commitment To Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Because we gather certain types of information about the users of Millennium Systems'
services, we feel you should fully understand what information we gather and how we use that information.
Information Millennium Systems Gathers
When you open a Millennium Systems account, Millennium Systems obtains contact information, such as your name,
address, and phone number, as well as payment information, such as your credit card number. Millennium Systems keeps
records of your payment history and communications you have with Millennium Systems' support team.
What Does Millennium Systems Do With This Information
Millennium Systems uses the information it gathers in order to provide you with the best online experience
possible. As you might expect, contact information is used to contact you concerning your account and our company.
Payment information is used to validate your identity and to bill you for the services and products you order.
Information on your online sessions is used to allocate system resources and to ensure compliance with Millennium
Systems' Terms of Service. Information on your communications with Millennium Systems' support team is used to address
the issues raised by your communications.
Millennium Systems Does Not Share Subscriber Information With Third Parties
Millennium Systems will not share or disclose information regarding its subscribers except (i) when we receive
legal process such as a court order; (ii) when reasonably necessary to protect the company's rights or property; or
(iii) in emergencies where someone's safety is at risk.
You should be aware, however, that any information that you disclose in a public space such as a chat room, bulletin
board, or personal Web site, is freely available to anyone else visiting that space. Millennium Systems cannot
safeguard any personally identifiable information you disclose in these locations, nor can it ensure that information
you voluntarily supply to third parties remains private. Please review the privacy policies of third party sites you
frequent to ensure that your privacy preferences are respected.
What Happens When You Discontinue Millennium Systems Services
Millennium Systems will normally delete your personally identifiable account information twelve months after the
account is cancelled, unless we are under a legal obligation to retain it. We preserve account information for this
short period of time in the event you wish to reactivate your account and retain your previous e-mail address.
However, in the event of any accounting irregularities, Millennium Systems reserves the right to retain your contact
and billing information as necessary to resolve the matter.
Privacy Policy Changes
Millennium Systems reserves the right to make changes to this policy. Those changes will become effective 30 days
after notice of them is posted here.