http://www.acutest.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Home
About Us
Our Services
Industries
Our Clients
Latest From Us
Careers
Contact Us
CONTACT US
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Our Services
Industries
Our Clients
Latest From Us
Careers
Contact Us
Cookie policy
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently remembering your preferences, and generally improve your web site experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
We split cookies into 4 main categories:
Category 1: Strictly necessary cookiesCategory 2: Performance cookiesCategory 3: Functionality cookiesCategory 4: Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
Category 1 - Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like register for job alerts, cannot be provided.
Please be aware our site uses this type of cookie.
Category 2 - Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
By using our website and online services, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Category 3 - Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name and password) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website and online services, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Category 4 - Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisations.
Third Party Cookies on Acutest’s website
When you visit our website you may find cookies that aren't related to Acutest. For example if one of our pages contains embedded content, e.g. a video from YouTube you may be sent cookies from these sites. We don't control these cookies and recommend that if you are concerned you check these websites for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
The cookies we have permitted on our website help us better understand your uses of our website and help us to continuously improve our service to you. These are:
Partner Name
Cookie ID
Acutest
ASP.NET_SessionId.DV3
Google
__utma__utmb__utmc__utmz
.proprofs.com
PHPSESSIDsession_id__utmc__cfduid__qca__utma__utmz__utmb
Survey Monkey
ep201ep202TS54026eP_16714631
.quantserve.com
mc
.aplitrak.com
e__utma__utmb__utmc__utmz
Research.net
ep201ep202TS54026e
Youtube.com
PREFVISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
careers.peopleclick.com
JSESSIONID__utma__utmb__utmc__utmz
External Links
We do have links to other web sites and once you access another site through a link that we have provided it is the responsibility of that site to provide information as to how they use cookies on the respective site.
Most web browsers will accept cookies, but if you would rather that we did not collect data in this way you can choose to accept all or some or reject cookies in your browser's privacy settings. Rejecting all cookies means that certain features cannot then be provided to you and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the website's features and you may be prevented from using the site's services. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
How to check cookies are enables for PCs:
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10, 11
1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tab2. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser3. Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options2. Then select the Privacy icon3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'
Google Chrome
1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Safari
1. Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option2. Click on 'Security', check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies'3. Click 'Save'
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs:
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10, 11
1. Click on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options2. Scroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving Files3. Select the 'Never Ask' option
Mozilla Firefox
1. Click on 'Firefox' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options2. Then select the Privacy icon3. Now select 'Accept cookies from sites'
Google Chrome
1. Click on 'Chrome' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Safari
1. Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option2. Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'3. Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
If your browser isn’t shown above, click here.If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies or click here.You can find more information about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org orwww.youronlinechoices.eu. If you would to contact Acutest with regards to our policy or use of information, please email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
About Us
Acutest is a specialist software testing consultancy concentrating solely on testing software, business processes and IT. Our aim is to allow our clients to focus on their core business activities, while we take care of testing and deliver technology- enabled change faster. Our extensive test services range from disaster recovery through to Outsourced Testing, Agile and DevOps, Non-Functional Testing, Test Management, Test Transformation, Automation and Managed Test Services.
Read More
Follow Us
More From Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
UK Modern Slavery Act