https://www.nousinfosystems.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
As a user trying to access, browse and/or use this site www.nousinfosystems.com, or any of our other sites/microsites/blogs, registered by Nous Infosystems (together referred to as the “Site”), you acknowledge that you have read, and in detail understood, our Privacy Policy mentioned below.
This privacy policy applies to the Site, information displayed, all services and products offered by Nous Infosystems. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize Nous Infosystems to use the provided information in the Asia Pacific, the United States, the United Kingdom, Europe and any other country where Nous Infosystems operates.
Please read this Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, a privacy concern, complaint, or a question regarding our services, please contact us using the details provided below.
USAGE OF TERMS
Terms like “we”, “us”, “our”, etc., in this Privacy Policy,
refer to Nous Infosystems. Terms like “you”, “your”, etc., refer to you as a natural person.
COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect non-public personal information about you (which does not include very sensitive information such as SSN or bank account details) from sources that include information that we receive from you, such as on applications or other forms when you visit/participate on www.nousinfosystems.com or related microsites and blogs.
The personal data that we collect, process and use in connection with the services and websites may also include information that we collect when you interact with us and those you provide to us through our customer service or to our sales team. We may use your provided phone number and/or email address to get in touch with you about our services.
Other than anonymous user visits, we also encourage visitors to connect with us via www.nousinfosystems.com and our other channels, and details, like name, email address, mailing address, contact number, professional details like company and designation may be requested. None of the users would be requested to forcibly submit their personal information in any given circumstance. All information collected would be voluntarily submitted via designated web channels and shall be securely processed and stored only for the authorized purposes.
Users may always refuse to supply individual identification details. Non-individual details may include the browser name, IP address, device model, network details, server details, and other technical information such as the operating system and the internet service providers.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Nous Infosystems does not share your personal information with anyone, unless in exceptional circumstances where we need to comply with the law or take steps to protect rights of existence. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees of our company who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you. Only a limited set of people within Nous Infosystems will receive access to your personal data. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about you with anyone for any purpose that is not specifically permitted by law.
RETENTION OF DATA
Nous Infosystems will retain your personal data no longer than necessary for the required purposes or as required by the applicable law.
USE OF COOKIES
Our Site may use "cookies" or similar technologies to augment user experience to track information in connection with our services. A user may set their web browser to refuse/block cookies or personalize their preference. Click here for more details
THIRD PARTY SITES
Nous Infosystems does not control the content or links that appear on any of our registered or affiliated sites. We do not assume liability for such websites/links, or their contents, and do not endorse them. This Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other third parties, including sites that may be displayed on or linked from our Site.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
Nous Infosystems may amend the Privacy Policy in accordance with modified legislative responsibilities and our business objectives. We encourage users to frequently check www.nousinfosystems.com/privacy-policy for any changes implemented on Site from time to time. It is the user’s responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and when they log in to the Site and become aware of the modifications.
As a user, your acceptance of these terms and conditions by using this Site or microsites and blogs, signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, disclaimers, and other terms and conditions. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may choose not to proceed further on the Site.
CONTACT US
Any requests relating to your Personal Information as well as any request to cancel your registration for services offered by Nous Infosystems or our vendors can be sent by e-mail to info@nousinfo.com or reach us at the following address:
Nous Infosystems - Corporate Office, Bangalore:
Nous Infosystems - Corporate Office, Bangalore:
#1, 1 Main Road, 1 Block,
Koramangala,
Bengaluru - 560 034
Tel: +91 80 41939400
Fax: +91 80 25539149
Email: info@nousinfo.com
Ready to get started?
Contact Us
Name*
Email*
Phone*
Company*
Message
Opt-in for marketing communications *
Please click on the checkbox
Submit
© 2020 Nous Infosystems. All rights reserved.
More
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy Sitemap
By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie and privacy policy. Learn more
x
Share this job on
X
Company
About nous
Leadership
Customer Testimonials
Engagement Models
Quality
Alliances
Microsoft
Xamarin
Qlik
Nintex
SmartBear
Neotys
Perfecto Mobile
News
Events
Industry
Banking and Financial Services
BFS Home
Why Nous
Segments
Solutions
Services
Resources
Insurance
Healthcare
Healthcare Home
Why Nous
Payer
Provider
Life Sciences
Focus Area
Resources
Retail
Retail Home
Why Nous
Retail
Focus Area
Resources
Travel and Logistics
Travel Home
Why Nous
Logistics
Focus Area
Resources
Services
Application Services
Applciation Development
Application Maintenance
Application Integration
Application Modernization
Product Engineering Services
Testing
Testree
Company
Services
Industries
Contact
Infrastructure Management
vServe
Services
Frameworks
Approach
Resources
Agile Development
Competency
Digital
Digital Transformation
MOBILITY
UI/UX
ENTERPRISE PORTALS
DevOps
Microsoft
MICROSOFT CRM
Oracle CRM
OPEN SOURCE
ROBOTIC PROCESS AUTOMATION
Mulesoft
Sitecore
Cloud
CLOUD Computing
AZURE
AWS
Salesforce
Analytics
BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE
BIG DATA
QLIK
Testing
SMARTBEAR
TRICENTIS
PERFECTO
NEOTYS
Infrastructure
DATA CENTER
INFORMATION SECURITY
SERVICENOW
Careers
Jobs
Life at Nous
Resources
Case Studies
Whitepapers
Brochures
Webinars
Blogs
Contact Us