https://www.internetsociety.org/privacy-policy/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy | Internet Society
Member Login
The Internet
About the Internet
History of the Internet Facts & Figures Who Makes the Internet Work Glossary of Internet Terms
What we’re doing
Growing the Internet
Community Networks Infrastructure and Community Development Measuring the Internet
Strengthening the Internet
Encryption Internet Way of Networking MANRS Open Standards Everywhere Time Security
What you can do
Take Action
Attend an event Become an individual member Fellowships Grants and awards Find a chapter Become an organization member Donate
Online learning
Watch a tutorial
Resources
Resource library
All Resources Policy Briefs
Publications
Impact Report Global Internet Report
Programs
IXP Toolkit MANRS
About Us
About Internet Society
Mission Board of Trustees Chapters Organization Members Partners Team Action Plan: 2020 Organization Reports & Policies About the Internet Society Foundation
Regions
Africa Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America & Caribbean Middle East North America
Events
All Events African Peering and Interconnection Forum (AfPIF) Community Network Summits IETF Meetings InterCommunity NDSS Symposium
News
News
Press Releases Internet Society In the News Blog Statements Speeches
For Journalists:
Media Center
2020 Action Plan
2020 Action Plan
A Bigger and Stronger Internet
Read the Internet Society’s roadmap for our work ahead – and let’s join together to support our vision that the Internet is for everyone.
2019 Impact Report
2019 Impact Report
In the first-ever Internet Society Impact Report, we present some of our important work in 2019.
2019 Impact Report: Community Networks
2019 Impact Report: Community Networks
Community networks — networks built, managed, and used by local communities — are cornerstones of the Internet Society’s work.
Learn More
Learn More
Did you know that the open standards that power the Internet are created by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)?
Join the team
Join the team
Do you want to join us in building a bigger, stronger Internet? Read our open job descriptions.
2019 Impact Report: Encryption
2019 Impact Report: Encryption
At the Internet Society, we believe that encryption is an essential part of the trusted Internet.
Member Login
en
enfresMore languages
Donate
Donate
‹ Back
Cookie Policy
Our Sites use third parties for web analytics services to collect technical information so that we can understand how visitors interact with our sites – and how we can improve the experience for visitors. These third party services do use or may use “cookies” or similar technologies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze how you use a Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of a Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by these service providers servers, which may be located in the United States or other regions. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of a Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
You may refuse and block the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Sites and it might impact your overall experience.
Q: The Internet Society Privacy Statement says that the Internet Society allows the collection of some Technical Information of both Visitors and Members who use the Sites. What third parties does the Internet Society use for this data collection?
A:  Our current services and/or vendors are:
Google Analytics – our primary source for website analytics
Google Tag Manager –  the mechanism we use for sending information into Google Analytics
Google Custom Search Engine (CSE) – the tool we use when people search across our sites
New Relic – a service that helps us understand the performance of our site so that we can improve the speed of delivering content
WordPress Stats – a secondary statistics service attached to our content management system, WordPress.
PLEASE NOTE: If a page contains embedded content from another site, such as YouTube or Twitter, there may be additional data collected by those services. We strive to embed that content using the most private mechanism provided by the service, but in some cases data is still collected by the service.
Q: How can I block the usage of cookies on Internet Society Sites?
There are multiple ways that you can disable / block the cookies we use on our sites.
Disable cookies in your browser:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari: Mac OS X – iOS
Microsoft Edge
For additional browsers, search on “how to disable cookies in <browser name>”
Install a browser add-on/extension that monitors and blocks cookies :
two that some Internet Society staff recommend are Privacy Badger from EFF and Ghostery from Cliqz.
Install a browser add-on that opts you out of tracking:
Google provides a Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on for multiple browsers
Please note again that blocking all cookies may impact your overall user experience on some websites. You should not experience any issues interacting with our Internet Society sites, but these browser settings are typically configured to affect all web sites.
‹ Back
About the Internet Society
About the IETF
Careers
Contact Us
Follow Us
Sharing Our Content
Affiliated Sites
Privacy Policy
USA
11710 Plaza America Drive, Suite 400
Reston, VA 20190
+1-703-439-2120
Switzerland
Rue Vallin 2
CH-1201 Geneva
+41-22-807-1444
Other offices
Follow us:
Follow Internet Society on Twitter
Follow Internet Society on LinkedIn
Follow Internet Society on Facebook
Follow Internet Society on Instagram
Follow Internet Society on YouTube
Internet Society RSS Feed
We care about your privacy and strive to limit our use of cookies to those that help improve our site and keep it relevant. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies. To learn more about how you can control use of cookies
see our Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020 Internet Society