http://www.caplin.com/business/page/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
We collect information through the use of various technologies including the use of ‘cookies’.
How we use cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to and stored on your computer's hard drive. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time and are read by the browser each time you visit our site; session cookies are removed from your hard drive at the end of your session, or when you close your browser.
The cookies we use are first-party "analytical" cookies; we use both persistent and session cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. No personal information is stored in our cookies, although we are able to link information collected by our use of cookies with information you provide to us in order to give you a better experience on our web-site - by pre-filling forms for example.
Expiry period
The session cookies we use expire when you close the browser.
We also use different persistent cookies which expire after periods between 24 hours and two years.
How to clear, disable or block cookies
Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but you should be able to configure your browser to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish, although this may affect the quality of your visit to our site. Browser-specific instructions on how to restrict or block cookies may be found on the Interactive Advertising Bureau's website at https://www.allaboutcookies.org or in the particular browser's help information. Some browsers allow you to view, and clear, individual cookies or cookies from a particular domain. Again refer to the help information provided by your browser.
If you restrict or block the use of cookies your experience on our website may be degraded.
Cookies and Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). You can find out more about this service at https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/. Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address which we do not link to any personally identifiable information) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services to us relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. By using this website, you consent to accepting these cookies and to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out here.
The Team
Case Studies
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Third-Party Licences
Privacy
Request a Demo
Enter your details below and we’ll get back to you.
All fields are required
GET BACK TO ME
Home
Products
Caplin One
Caplin FX Professional
Caplin FX Sales
Caplin FX Corporate
Caplin FX Mobile
Crypto
Equities
Futures
Fixed Income
Custom
Technologies
Caplin Trader
Caplin Platform
Caplin Integration Suite
Services
Caplin Design
Project Delivery
MiFID II
News
About Us
The Team
Case Studies
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Third-Party Licences
Privacy
Careers
Developers
Contact Us