http://www.tntsb.com/policy/policy.php?q=privacy
HOME
OUR WORK
ABOUT
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
This policy covers how The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. treats personal information that The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. collects and receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. does not own or control, or to people that The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
General
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. collects personal information when you register with The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. and when you make a purchase.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, address. birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. collects information about your transactions with us, including information about your use of the services that we offer.
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you request.
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. uses information for the following general purposes: customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our products and services, such as service announcements and administrative messages without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. communicate with you about offers from The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. is acquired by or merged with another company.
Cookies
This website may set and access cookies on your computer.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
In certain areas The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
1) Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
2) AdMob
Kamus Pro application uses AdMob (AdMob from Google) for advertising service. For more information on the privacy policy of Google AdMob, please visit the web page: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
3) Crashlytics
Kamus Pro application uses Crashlytics (Fabric from Google) for analytics and crash reporting. For more information on the privacy policy of Google Crashlytics, please visit the web page: https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address you specified or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
©
The Name Technology Sdn. Bhd. | All Right Reserved
4800-2-6 CBD Perdana, Jalan Perdana Off Persiaran Multimedia,
63000 Cyberjaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
Tel: +60(3) 8319 3388
Technical Support: support@tntsb.com
Terms |
Payment |
Return & Refund |
Privacy