http://www.sentrypc.com/terms.htm
Features Activity Monitoring Content Filtering Time Scheduling Remote Cloud Access Solutions for Business for Family for School Plans & Pricing Support Common Questions Contact Us Help Documentation How-To Guides Installation Guide Blog Demo Sign in Sign in to your account : Username
Password
Remember me? Login NowTerms of UseListed below are the legal issues concerning our software, site, and services in general.  If you have any questions about these Terms of Use please contact our staff for assistance.This is a legal agreement.  By accessing this website or using any SentryPC product or service you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.DisclaimerAll our products are distributed and licensed on an "as is" basis and no warranties or guarantees of any kind are promised by SentryPC as to their performance, reliability or suitability to any given task.  In no event shall SentryPC be liable for any loss of data or ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, financial, physical, emotional or other, which might arise from its use.SentryPC was developed for use on computers owned by the purchaser of the software and is designed for parents and employers to legitimately monitor and control their computer use.  It is illegal to install monitoring software on PC's you do not own and we cannot be held responsible for any damages that may arise from malicious usage.  If you intend on monitoring a computer you do not own and/or do not have authorization / permission to monitor, you should not purchase SentryPC.  SentryPC will aid law enforcement in prosecution of users abusing our products for malicious purposes.  If you have any questions/concerns about your intended use we suggest seeking advice from proper authorities prior to purchase.DistributionOur products may NOT be sold or distributed in any way without prior written consent from SentryPC.Refund PolicyAll sales of our products are final.  No refunds will be guaranteed or promised and it is at the discretion of SentryPC a refund should be issued.  In the event SentryPC does issue a refund, that refund may be prorated to reflect the purchaser's subscription usage until the time of the refund.PrivacyIt is company policy that our customer databases remain confidential and private.  We have not, will not, and won't ever sell names to "spammers" or other parties who would like to use our databases to advertise or solicit their products or services.  SentryPC products do not collect any information from your system other than the information required for the products successful operation.  Your private information is safe with us.  Click here to read our complete privacy policy.SupportIt is the policy of SentryPC to offer free E-mail based technical support to all of our registered and unregistered customers.  We will filter support requests for all non-freeware products of SentryPC from unregistered users.Software PiracySentryPC will take legal action against any users that are found to be pirating SentryPC products.  In addition, SentryPC will report any users found pirating other products to the products developer or care-keeper.Protection of Trade SecretsBy using any SentryPC product you agree not to decompile, reverse engineer, modify or change any part of it for the reasons of discovering its internal methods or works.  To do so is a violation of SentryPC's copyright protection.CopyrightsThe copyright in all material provided on this site is owned by SentryPC or by SentryPC's licensor(s).  You acknowledge and agree that this site contains proprietary information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.  You further acknowledge and agree that information presented to you through this site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, images and software, and the arrangement and compilation of such content, are the property of SentryPC or its content suppliers and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.  SentryPC does not grant any license or authorization to any user of its copyrightable material or other intellectual property, by placing them on this site.  Furthermore, except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of SentryPC or the copyright owner.  However, you may print a copy of the information on this site for your personal, non-commercial internal use or records.  In so doing, you may not modify the materials and you agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials.  This permission does not give You any ownership rights in the information and terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions.  If you make any other use of this site, except as otherwise provided herein, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to penalties.Choice of Law and JurisdictionThese Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with SentryPC's products or services will be brought solely in Goodhue County, Minnesota and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.AgreementBy installing, running, or using any SentryPC product or service you agree to the above Terms of Use.  In addition you agree that you will follow the SentryPC Terms of Use at all times when using a SentryPC product or service.Furthermore, use of SentryPC's cloud-based service is further governed by the SentryPC Terms of Service (TOS) located here. Need Help?Contact us with your questions! Related PagesPrivacy Policy Sitemap Terms of Use