http://www.filesearching.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
CHERTOVY KULICHKI
INC. PRIVACY STATEMENT
CHERTOVY KULICHKI INC. ("ChK") recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy
of all information provided by users of ChK website and our related websites.
We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users' right to privacy to
guide our relationships with our users.
Use of Information
ChK will not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission
ChK uses users' IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
We also use it to gather broad demographic information about our users in general.
This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally.
We may combine demographic information supplied by a subscriber at registration
with site usage data to provide profiles, in aggregate form, about our users and
their preferences in the content of the site and advertising. We may share this composite
information with our advertisers to help them better understand our services, but ChK does not
give advertisers information about individual users of ChK.
Using e-mail addresses provided at registration or otherwise, ChK periodically sends out e-mail newsletters a
nd promotional e-mail to our users about services and products offered by ChK and its advertisers.
Users can indicate that they do not wish to receive e-mail information from ChK or its advertisers.
Third parties will not contact our users through the use of our e-mail newsletter lists except through
advertisements within the newsletters themselves, or unless users ask to be placed on a list to receive
e-mail from our advertisers on subjects of interest.
Our site uses cookies to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences.
This information is used to assist us in creating a site that will serve the needs of our users.
Upon request, ChK will remove users (and their information) from our database or permit them to
"opt-out" of any further e-mail newsletters or contact. Although ChK does not specifically seek
to obtain any information from children, there are certain areas of our websites that children may visit.
We urge children only to give us any information after they have discussed it with their parents.
General
ChK is not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of websites to which it may provide links or the
websites of its advertisers.
ChK uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose
such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with
ChK, you can contact us at admin@kulichki.com
© 1998-2001 Chertovy Kulichki Inc.
info@filesearching.com