http://www.spectraqest.com.au/privacy_statement
Quality Engineering Software Tools
Quality Engineering Software Tools
menu
home
How we can Help
Testing and Inspection Consultants
Construction Materials Testing Laboratories
Geotechnical Testing Laboratories
Field Inspection and Testing
Construction Materials Producers
Concrete Producers
Asphalt Producers
Aggregate Producers
Infrastructure Construction
Road Builders
Departments of Transportation
Industry expertise
Contact us today and see how Spectra QEST can deliver a solution for your
business.
Contact us
Products
Products Overview
QESTLab
QESTField
QESTConcrete
Construction Hive
Live Webinar
Contact us to request a live, private webinar. We will personally answer your questions about our company and products.
Contact us
About
About Spectra QEST
Mission and Values
Customers
Careers
News
Anniversary Booklet
Learn more about Spectra QEST's 30 years of history.
View booklet
Contact
Privacy Statement
About
1.
In this Privacy Policy (Policy):
1.1.
a reference to us, our or we is
to Spectra QEST Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 120 735 408), Spectra QEST America Corp
and any subsidiary or company related to the same;
1.2.
Applications means any mobile application we make
available to you;
1.3.
Personal Information means information or an opinion
about an individual whose identity is apparent or can reasonably be ascertained
from the information or opinion whether or not the information or opinion is
true or not and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material
form or not;
1.4.
Services means the Website and the
Applications; and
1.5.
Website means all of the pages located
on our website located via www.spectraqest.com and those pages provided by us via the third party website located at spectraqest.atlassian.net.
2.
Privacy Commitment
2.1.
Thank you for accessing our Services
and for reviewing our Policy. We are subject to and seek to comply with all
applicable law including the Australian Privacy Principles contained in
the Privacy Act 1988. We have created this Policy in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to your privacy.
2.2.
This Policy sets out how we collect,
use and disclose information (including Personal Information) that we obtain
from you through our Services and/or from your employer or customer (as
applicable) which require you to use our Applications.
2.3.
Documentation and other information provided by us via the third party website located at spectraqest.atlassian.net is also subject to Atlassian's relevant Privacy Policy and other terms and conditions. Atlassian's Privacy Policy can be found
here.
3.
Collection of Personal Information
3.1.
We will only collect Personal
Information about you from you (including via online enquiry forms you submit,
any emails you send to us or any connected applications or information on your
mobile device for which you have given us permission to access) and/or from
your employer or customer (as applicable) which require you to use our
Applications. For example, (i) we collect Personal Information about you such
as your name, address, telephone numbers, email address and company details and
your professional qualifications as necessary to perform our functions and to
offer the Services including so that you can use our Applications.
3.2.
We collect Personal Information as
well as non-personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide
including by giving our Applications special permission to access information
on your mobile device necessary for the Application to operate. You may not be
able to use our Applications unless you grant us certain permission to access
information on your mobile device such as data storage and location data.
3.3.
Through technology we may
automatically record details including your internet address, domain name and
the date and time of your visit to our Website (including the web pages
viewed), your browser and operating system. Our Applications may also
automatically record certain information such as the
type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP
address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browsers you use, information about the way you use the Application
and your location. Where cookies are used to collect information you can disable cookies
on your device by changing the security and privacy settings on your device or
in your browser (as applicable). If you linked to our Website from another
website then that information will also be recorded.
3.4.
With your permission, our
Applications may assist third parties such as your employer or customer (as
applicable) to collect your Personal Information. In such circumstances, we do
not collect or have access to such Personal Information. Accordingly, you
should refer to any privacy policy of those third parties prior to authorising
such third party to collect and have access to your Personal Information.
4.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
4.1.
Generally, we use information (other
than Personal Information) collected when you use our Services to assist us in providing
our Services, deciding how to improve our Services (including its utility,
content and accessibility) and to monitor the users and usage of our Services.
We may use information as to how you and others found our Website in deciding
how to promote our Website, products and services (including online advertising).
4.2.
We will only use and disclose your
Personal Information for:
4.2.1. the primary purposes for which the
Personal Information was collected, for example:
4.2.1.1.
to provide information to you;
4.2.1.2.
to respond to your query and contact
you;
4.2.1.3.
if you are using our Applications, so
that you can use such Applications; and
4.2.1.4.
if you are applying for employment
with us (if applicable), we will use your Personal Information to assess your
application and we may also use this to contact you;
4.2.2. a secondary purpose when:
4.2.2.1.
you would reasonably expect us to use
or disclose the Personal Information for the secondary purpose; and
4.2.2.2.
the secondary purpose is related to
the primary purpose of collection; or
4.2.2.3.
you have consented to the use or
disclosure of the Personal Information for the secondary purpose.
4.3.
We may disclose your Personal
Information to our related companies, corporate, contractors, agents and
service providers but only to provide goods and services to you and/or for the
purposes of storage of your Personal Information.
4.4.
We may disclose your Personal
Information to our professional advisers but only so they can advise us in
respect of the same.
5.
Requirement to provide Personal Information
5.1.
If you do not provide some or all of
the Personal Information requested, we may not be able to provide you with
goods and/or services.
6.
Cross-border disclosure
6.1.
It is possible that some of the
information we collect may be disclosed to our related bodies corporate,
contractors, agents and service providers which may be located outside of
Australia. We take such steps as are necessary in the circumstances to ensure
that any overseas third party service providers we engage do not breach the
Australia Privacy Principles and any other applicable laws.
6.2.
You consent to your information being
disclosed to an overseas destination for this purpose, including but not
limited to Australia and the United States of America (as applicable).
7.
Security of your Personal Information
7.1.
We may store your Personal
Information in hard copy or electronic format, in storage facilities that we
own and operate ourselves, or that are owned and operated by our service
providers.
7.2.
We take reasonable measures to ensure
that any Personal Information we hold or disclose about you is complete and
correct. We also take reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information
from misuse, interference, loss, and unauthorised access, modification and
disclosure.
7.3.
We will destroy or delete any of your
Personal Information which we no longer need to retain. If you email us any
information (including Personal Information), it is sent at your own risk as it
may not necessarily be secure against interception.
8.
Marketing
8.1.
If you register your details for the
Services, we will automatically add your Personal Information to our mailing
list. You can unsubscribe from receiving communications from the mailing list
at any time by sending an email to media@spectraqest.com with the subject
reading "Unsubscribe".
9.
Anonymity and pseudonymity
9.1.
When lawful and practical, you have
the option of using a pseudonym or not identifying yourself when providing
information to us. In doing so you acknowledge that goods and services provided
to you may be affected.
10. Complaint
10.1.
If you believe that we have breached
our privacy obligations you can make a complaint by emailing or writing to us –
refer to clause 15 of this Policy for our contact details.
10.2.
We will respond to all complaints
within 7 days confirming receipt of the complaint and that the relevant
investigation procedures have been commenced.
10.3.
We will attempt to complete our
investigation and resolve your complaint within 28 days from the date you lodge
your complaint.
10.4.
If we do not resolve your complaint
to your satisfaction or you are dissatisfied with the action we have taken, you
may apply to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner or such
other applicable entity to have your complaint investigated. Where you are
located in Australia, for further information about how to do this, please
contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner on 1300 363 992
or visit www.oaic.gov.au.
11. Links to other Websites
11.1.
When you leave our Website, you will
be going to websites that are beyond our control. Such third party websites may
collect Personal Information or other information from users. Our Policy does
not apply to any third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy
policies of any third party websites. You may not link to our Website without
our prior approval.
12. Change to Policy
12.1.
We may change this Policy at any time
and without prior notice. Where changes are made to this Policy we will take
reasonable steps to notify you. The revised Policy will take effect when it is
uploaded on our Website.
13. Accessing Personal Information
13.1.
On your request, we will provide you
with access to your Personal Information that we hold within a reasonable
period of time after the request is made, except to the extent that we are
lawfully able to refuse such a request. If reasonable and practicable to do so,
we will give you access to your Personal Information in the manner that you request.
If not so requested, we will provide you with access to your Personal
Information via email or in writing.
13.2.
All requests about the Personal
Information that we hold must be made by email or by writing to us - refer to
clause 15 of this Policy for our contact details.
13.3.
We rely on the accuracy of the
Personal Information you provide us. In the event that Personal Information
about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, you can request that the
Personal Information about you is corrected by emailing or by writing to us -
refer to clause 15 of this Policy for our contact details.
13.4.
In the event that we deny you access
to your Personal Information that we hold, or refuse to correct the Personal
Information about you, we will provide you with written reasons and the
mechanisms available to complain about such refusal.
13.5.
We do not generally charge for
providing such access but we may do so in certain circumstances. We will try to
respond to your request within 14 days.
14. Additional Information
14.1.
For further information about privacy
issues and the protection of privacy, visit the Office of the Australian
Information Commissioner's website at www.oaic.gov.au or such other entity
applicable to the jurisdiction in which we collect your Personal Information.
15. Contact
15.1.
If you have any queries in respect of
our Policy, please email media@spectraqest.com or write to Marketing Manager,
Spectra QEST, Suite 7, 132 O'Connell Street, North Adelaide SA 5006, AUSTRALIA.
Copyright ©
Spectra QEST
Terms of Use
Privacy statement
Sitemap
Contact Us
Construction Hive
Linkedin