https://www.hivelocity.net/legal/#billing
Skip to contentHoliday Specials! Save up to 60% on 13 dedicated server configurations.Product RoadmapAPIDocsGet SupportLog in to MyVelocity
Compute ProductsColocationAll SolutionsWhy HivelocityCompute Products Instant Bare Metal ServersInstant Bare Metal ServersDeploy instantly. Choose your OS, network, and add-ons. Custom Built Bare Metal ServersCustom Built Bare Metal ServersDeploy in 1-5 days. Bare Metal with maximum flexibility. Bare Metal GPU ServersBare Metal GPU ServersInstant and Custom Configurations. Storage ServersStorage Servers Deploy in 1-5 days. Support up to 90 drives. Server OutletServer Outlet Oldies but goodies.Colocation Amsterdam 1Amsterdam 1 J.W. Lucasweg 35, 2031 BE Haarlem, Netherlands Atlanta 2Atlanta 2 250 Williams St. NW Atlanta, GA 30303 Chicago 1Chicago 1 350 E. Cermak Road Chicago, IL 60616 Dallas 1Dallas 1 1515 Round Table Drive Dallas, TX 75247 Frankfurt 1Frankfurt 1 60314 Frankfurt am Main Los Angeles 1Los Angeles 1 One Wilshire Building 624 S. Grand Ave L.A., CA 90017 Los Angeles 2Los Angeles 2 600 West 7th St. Los Angeles, CA 90017 New York City 1New York City 1 7 Teleport Dr. Staten Island, NY 10311 Seattle 1Seattle 1 20001 6th Avenue Seattle, WA 98121 Tampa 1Tampa 1 8010 Woodland Center Blvd. #700 Tampa, FL 33614 Tampa 2Tampa 2 5908 Hampton Oaks Pkwy Suite D Tampa, FL 33610All Solutions ProductsProducts
Dedicated ServersDedicated Servers
ColocationColocation
Bare Metal in Your DatacenterBare Metal in Your Datacenter
Content Delivery NetworkContent Delivery Network
Private CloudPrivate Cloud
Custom SolutionsCustom Solutions
Server OutletServer Outlet
ServicesServices
Data MigrationData Migration
Server ManagementServer Management
EnhancementsEnhancements
cPanelcPanel
DDoS ProtectionDDoS Protection
FirewallFirewall
Rapid RestoreRapid Restore
StorageStorage
Load BalancingLoad Balancing
Unmetered PortsUnmetered Ports
SSL CertificatesSSL Certificates
Backup & RecoveryBackup & Recovery Why Hivelocity Our CompanyOur Company Customer service, reliability and innovation. TeamTeam Our team is your team. CareersCareers Looking for a place to work? NetworkNetwork A global network you can trust. Partner ProgramPartner Program Grow with us and save. myVelocitymyVelocity Manage your servers and services.Articles & Docs API DocsAPI Docs Explore and download all of our API functionality in one place. KnowledgeBaseKnowledgeBase Search helpful articles by topic. Blog & NewsBlog & News Get the latest news and updates. Case StudiesCase Studies Read more about some solutions and innovation that Hivelocity customers have found in our platform.Support Live ChatLive Chat 24/7 Help from Hivelocity Experts 888-869-4678888-869-4678 Call now KnowledgeBaseKnowledgeBase Search helpful articles by topic. myVelocitymyVelocity Update your services and purchase new Dedicated Servers from our easy to use control panel.(888) 869-4678KnowledgeBaseShopHome
/ LegalLegal Department ContactHivelocity HostingAttn: Legal Department8010 Woodland Center BlvdSuite 700 Tampa FL 33614 Toll Free: 888-869-4678 Local: 813-471-0355 Fax: 813-902-6477Legal Enquirieslegal@hivelocity.netCopyrightcopyright@hivelocity.netConfidential Reporting LineTo report concerns related to unethical behavior, unlawful business conduct, and/or violations of the Code of Conduct call 813-514-2549Privacy PolicyLast updated: May 31, 2019Hivelocity, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union to the United States. Hivelocity, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ You can view our certification by clicking on the “Privacy Shield List” link and performing a search for “Hivelocity”.PartiesThis Privacy Policy is for Hivelocity, Inc., which includes RackAlley.com and Sparknode.com (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Hivelocity”, “we”, or “our”). This Privacy Policy must be read in conjunction with our other Service policies found at https://www.hivelocity.net/legal/.Types of Personal Data Collected and UsageWe have implemented technical, physical and administrative safeguards designed to protect Personal Data against loss and against unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. Passwords are stored on our server in encrypted form. Our Personal Data retention policies are designed to retain Personal Data as necessary for the purposes stated herein or to otherwise meet legal requirements. Unless this Privacy Policy states otherwise, our employees are required to keep your Personal Data confidential.“Personal Data” is information we collect and store related to the payment process and communication about our service, which includes the following information:Name;Address;Phone Number;Email Address;Credit Card information;Driver’s License.Hivelocity hosts and processes customer data, including any Personal Data for the following uses:Billing and contracting purposes.Payment processes.Marketing e-mails with our service information.Customer information related to their services.Information and correspondence our customers and users submit to us in connection with Support Service or other requests related to our Services.In cases of service cancellation, we may maintain contact information, account history, and billing history.If you have any inquiries and/or complaints, please send your request to privacy@hivelocity.net privacy@hivelocity.net Our team will respond to you in a timely manner, not to exceed a period of forty-five (45) days from receipt of your request.AccessOur customers may access and review their Personal Data with authentication and security procedures accessed via https://my.hivelocity.net. Upon accessing our secure portal, a customer can perform changes to their Personal Data as needed, including the credit card information that is kept on file for their account(s). For Personal Data security matters, a customer cannot change their credit card information via our Support Department.Customers are suggested to provide answers to “Security Questions” that can also be changed at any time and can choose a dual-factor authentication method to login to their account(s).To reset their passwords, customers must use the “Forgot Password” link found at https://my.hivelocity.net.ChoiceYou have the right to stop receiving any marketing materials via e-mail by using the “Unsubscribe” link found at https://www.hivelocity.net/legal/ so that your email address will be deleted from our marketing list about our services. Your email address will stop receiving email(s) from Hivelocity immediately after receiving your request to unsubscribe.If you wish to begin receiving emails from Hivelocity again after previously unsubscribing, please contact our Support Department to request that your e-mail address is added to our marketing list. Your email address will begin receiving email(s) from Hivelocity immediately after receiving your request to re-subscribe.You may choose to change the payment method for Hivelocity’s services to a wire transfer and PayPal subscription. If you choose to pay for Hivelocity’s services via PayPal, your credit card information will be held by PayPal. Hivelocity is not affiliated with PayPal and is not responsible for the safekeeping of information that you provide PayPal in connection to our services.Please check our Knowledge Base at https://www.hivelocity.net/kb/category/account-operations/ for more information about how to change your payment method, and to change or review your account details.If you do not agree to provide the information collected by Hivelocity for access to the MyVelocity login at (https://my.hivelocity.net) we cannot deliver the service to you.Third Party Disclosures and Onward transfersWe may disclose Personal Data that our customers and users provide to our service as follows:To our subsidiaries and affiliates;To contractors, business partners and service providers we use to support our service;In the event Hivelocity sells or transfers all or a portion of its business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation), in which case Personal Data held by us about our customers and the contacts they add to their account will be among the assets transferred to the buyer or acquirer;If required to do so by law or legal process;In response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements.We will ensure that the Personal Data transferred will be used solely for the support of our service and we will maintain controls, contracts, and/or non-disclosure agreements with third parties, to ensure the correct use of information disclosure.As a member of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, Hivelocity is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives through the operation of its business. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Principles, Hivelocity is potentially liable for damage to a Customer that is caused by onward transfers (i.e., Hivelocity receives personal information and transfers it to a third party who acts on Hivelocity’s behalf) in which a third party uses the personal information of a Customer in a manner inconsistent with the requirements set forth in the Principles. However, Hivelocity is not liable for damage to a Customer that is caused by onward transfers inconsistent with the requirements set forth in the Principles, if Privacy Shield determines that the action(s) giving rise to the damage is not the responsibility of Hivelocity.Information for European Territory Residents: Our Legal Basis and Your RightsOur Legal Basis: We provide the representations and information in this section in compliance with European privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you are a visitor from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Website Privacy Notice, the term “European Territories” shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit.Specifically:We will normally collect personal data from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests. For example, to administer our platforms and provide our Services and fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider. In some cases, we may collect, and process personal data based on consent. For example, when you visit one of our Digital Properties, you will be asked to consent to NextRoll dropping a cookie. If you have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please Contact Us.European Residents Privacy Rights: If you are a resident of a European Territory, you have the following enhanced rights under EU data protection law: If you wish to access, correct, update or request the deletion of your personal information, please complete the information on this webpage to obtain a verifiable request.If you wish to object to us processing your personal data or would like to otherwise restrict the processing of your personal data, we will honor that request. Please visit the Your Choices and Opting-Out of Interest-Based Advertising and Analytics portion of this Privacy Notice to select the best opt-out method for you.Similarly, if we process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You can also refuse consent for NextRoll or our Advertising Partners to drop cookies by clicking here or by refusing consent for NextRoll when you see a “consent banner” displayed on our websites which lists NextRoll (formerly AdRoll and Semantic Sugar) as a vendor.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Territories are available here.Recourse, Enforcement and LiabilityWe are dedicated to securing your Personal Data by applying regular procedures for testing our internal safeguard requirements, reviewing the contracts of our providers, and by applying the highest technical security standards in our industry.We have implemented technical, physical and administrative safeguards designed to protect your Personal Data against loss and/or unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.Any complaints or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Data transferred from the EU to the United States should first be directed to us via e-mail at privacy@hivelocity.net privacy@hivelocity.net.Upon receipt of a complaint, we will investigate and attempt to resolve it within forty-five (45) days, in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles, at no cost to you.In instances where a complaint cannot be resolved internally, we have agreed to cooperate with JAMS pursuant to the JAMS International Arbitration Rules.For more information or to submit a complaint to JAMS, visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.If any request remains unresolved within 120 days, you have a right to invoke binding arbitration under the Privacy Shield.Hivelocity complies with the Privacy Shield Principles and is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).Changes to PolicyThis Privacy Policy may be amended or modified from time to time as needed due to regulatory changes, to better serve the needs of our market, and/or as a result of an internal review by Hivelocity that reflects the necessity of amending or modifying such policies.Please refer to the “Last Updated” date found on this page to determine the date of our last Privacy Policy Update. Any and all changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective upon the date it is published to the Privacy Policy page(s) on our website.Unsubscribe from our mailing listEmail address:Acceptable Use Policy Hivelocity’s Acceptable Use Policy (the “Policy”) for Hivelocity is designed to help protect Hivelocity, Hivelocity’s customers, and the Internet community in general from irresponsible or, in some cases, illegal activities. The Policy, including the following list of prohibited activities, is an integral part of your Hosting Agreement with Hivelocity. If you engage in any of the activities prohibited by the Policy, Hivelocity reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account.The Policy includes a non-exclusive list of the actions prohibited by Hivelocity and we reserve the right to modify the Policy at any time, effective upon posting at https://www.hivelocity.net/legal/#acceptable-use-policy.Prohibited Uses of Hivelocity Systems and Services:Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. This includes without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control lawsUnacceptable practices include but are not limited to the following:Drug dealingPiracy/PiratingViolation of copyright lawIllegal gambling/Lottery sitesIllegal arms traffickingStalking or violating state or federal lawAttempting without authorization to access a computer systemSchemes to defraud, sending a message or having content that is indecent according to American laws with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass another personThreatening bodily harm or damage to individual(s) or group(s)Violating U.S. and international export restrictionsInterfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the ServiceHivelocity does not actively monitor dedicated server content for review. Hivelocity believes in the free dissemination of information via our services and dedicated server content will only be reviewed upon complaint by a verified third party. Content that does not violate local, state and federal law or the AUP is deemed in compliance and shall remain intact. Legal adult content is allowed on Hivelocity’s dedicated servers.Sending Unsolicited Bulk Email. The sending of any form of Unsolicited Bulk Email (“UBE”, “spam”) through Hivelocity’s servers is prohibited. Likewise, the sending of UBE from another service provider advertising a web site, email address or utilizing any resource hosted on Hivelocity’s servers, is prohibited. Hivelocity accounts or services may not be used to solicit customers from, or collect replies to, messages sent from another Internet Service Provider where those messages violate this Policy or that of the other provider. ANY form of spamming activity (e.g. mail spam, Usenet spam, pop-up spam, selling/buying spamware, etc.) conducted ANYWHERE on the Internet (i.e. whether through our facilities or not), will be:Grounds for instant, permanent termination of all services with no prior warning;Grounds for forfeit of all funds paid;Will result in a demand for payment of a fine in the amount of $500 for each incident, which must be paid within twenty-four (24) hours or it will be referred to a collection agencyRunning Unconfirmed Mailing Lists. Subscribing email addresses to any mailing list without the express and verifiable permission of the email address owner is prohibited. All mailing lists run by Hivelocity customers must be closed loop (“confirmed opt-in”). The subscription confirmation message received from each address owner must be kept on file for the duration of the existence of the mailing list. Purchase lists of email addresses from third parties for mailing to and/or from any Hivelocity hosted domain, or referencing any Hivelocity account, is prohibited.Advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available any software, program, product, or service that is designed to violate this AUBP or the AUP of any other Internet Service Provider, which includes, but is not limited to, the facilitation of the means to send Unsolicited Bulk Email, initiation of pinging, flooding, mail-bombing, denial of service attacksOperating an account on behalf of, or in connection with, or reselling any service to, persons or firms listed in the Spamhaus Register of Known Spam Operations (ROKSO) database at www.spamhaus.org/roksoUnauthorized attempts by a user to gain access to any account or computer resource not belonging to that user (e.g., “cracking”). Hivelocity reserves the right to report illegal activities to any and all regulatory, administrative, and/or governmental authorities for prosecution. If you have any question regarding this abuse policy please feel free to contact Hivelocity at abuse@hivelocity.net.Obtaining or attempting to obtain service by any means or device with intent to avoid paymentUnauthorized access, alteration, destruction, or any attempt thereof, of any information of any Hivelocity customers or end-users by any means or deviceKnowingly engaging in any activities designed to harass, or that will cause a denial-of-service (e.g., synchronized number sequence attacks) to any other user whether on the Hivelocity network or on another provider’s networkUsing Hivelocity’s Services to interfere with the use of the Hivelocity network by other customers or authorized usersServer Resources (This applies to shared hosting plans only.): Running programs in the background on a Hivelocity shared server without prior written authorization, or running chat rooms, Internet Relay Chat (IRC) or IRC Bots, more than one thousand (1,000) emails a day and the like are not acceptable uses of Hivelocity’s shared servers. Further, any usage of fifteen percent (15%) or greater of our system resources is an undue burden on our shared systems and is regarded as unacceptable. If your usage ever exceeds fifteen percent (15%) of shared system resources, your account may be terminated immediately and without prior notice. In addition, any domain that exceeds ten (10) gigabytes of bandwidth in a short span can be terminated without prior notice. Usage of scripts or other utilities to direct pointed domain names to subdirectories is not permitted and is grounds for termination of the account. Hivelocity’s shared services may be used for lawful purposes only.Unacceptable practices include but are not limited to the following:Drug dealingPiracy/PiratingViolation of copyright lawIllegal gambling/Lottery sitesIllegal arms traffickingStalking or violating state or federal lawAttempting without authorization to access a computer systemSchemes to defraud, sending a message or having content that is indecent according to American laws with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass another personThreatening bodily harm or damage to individual(s) or group(s)Violating U.S. and international export restrictionsInterfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the ServiceCustomer Responsibility for Customer’s UsersEach Hivelocity customer is responsible for the activities of its users and, by accepting service from Hivelocity, is agreeing to ensure that its customers/representatives or end-users abide by this Policy. Complaints about customers/representatives or end-users of a Hivelocity customer will be forwarded to the Hivelocity customer’s postmaster for action. If violations of the Hivelocity’s Acceptable Use Policy occur, Hivelocity reserves the right to terminate services with or take action to stop the offending customer from violating Hivelocity’s AUP as Hivelocity deems appropriate, without notice.Refusal of ServiceWe reserve the right to refuse, cancel or suspend service at our sole discretion. All sub-networks, distributive hosting sites and dedicated servers of Hivelocity must adhere to the above policies. Failure to follow any term or condition will be grounds for immediate account deactivation without refund. If you have any questions regarding this abuse policy please feel free to contact Hivelocity at abuse@hivelocity.net.May 31, 2019Billing Agreement Account PaymentPayment via Credit CardHivelocity accepts payments via MasterCard, VISA, AMEX, wire transfer and PayPal. Usage of a credit card indicates authorization to cover all future recurring charges and additional fees with the credit card on file. Credit cards will be charged on the renewal date for the account. Accounts will renew automatically on the anniversary of each billing cycle unless the proper cancellation notice is submitted to our billing department (see Cancellation Policy below).Login to update your credit card informationClick here for credit card authorization formClick here for Paypal authorization formOther Payment MethodsHivelocity accepts PayPal, personal check, company check, e-check, wire transfer and money order. All funds must be payable in U.S. dollars. Hivelocity does not accept international checks in foreign currencies. Payment for services by check must be received prior to renewal dates to avoid interruption of service. Wire transfer information is available upon request.Login to add check informationLogin to add a Paypal subscriptionWire transfer information available upon request.Returned Check FeeIn the event that a check is returned, service will be immediately suspended and customer will be sent a suspension e-mail allowing seven (7) days to rectify the situation. If within the seven (7) days the customer fails to pay all service fees, including a $25.00 reactivation fee and a $25.00 returned check fee, customer’s account will be permanently cancelled. Such cancellation does not relieve customer’s obligation for payment under the terms of the hosting agreement. Cancellation includes the removal of all files on the account. In the event of a charge back, Hivelocity.net will immediately suspend all services to customer until such time as full payment is received in addition to a $25.00 charge back fee and a $25.00 account enable fee.Late / Non-PaymentAccounts with Non-Usable Credit CardsCredit cards on file are not usable when any of the following occur:The card expiredThe bank declines the chargesThe card is reported lost or stolenThe card is declared invalidThe procedure we follow when an account has a non-usable credit card is the following:You will receive an invoice one (1) day prior to your renewal.After four (4) days pass you will receive another invoice. (Reminding you of the outstanding balance)On the seventh (7th) day, you will receive a final suspension notice and your account will be suspended the following day.If your balance has not been brought to zero, the account will be suspended and a $25 reactivation fee will applied to your account.If payment has still not been made, we will leave the server in its spot offline for one (1) week. If we have not heard back from you or received payment, your server will be taken offline and resold.ALL FILES WILL BE DELETED FROM YOUR SYSTEM/SERVER.Late Check / Non-PaymentThe procedure we follow when an account has a late check and/or non-payment is the following:You will receive an invoice one (1) day prior to your renewal.After four (4) days pass you will receive another invoice. (Reminding you of the outstanding balance).On the seventh (7th) day, you will receive a final suspension notice and your account will be suspended the following day.If payment has still not been made, we will leave the server in its spot offline for one (1) week. If we have not heard back from you or receive payment, your server will be taken offline and all data will be destroyed.ALL FILES WILL BE DELETED FROM YOUR SYSTEM/SERVER.Cancellation PolicyRequesting an Account CancellationA cancellation will only be accepted if it is done by the following method:Login to your myVelocity control panel and go to the device you wish to cancel. Click the “Cancellation” button and fill out the form.All account cancellations must be received in the above manner at least five (5) days in advance of the date of renewal. Accounts cancelled with less than five (5) days’ notice shall be cancelled at the end of the next term and shall be charged accordingly.Results of a CancellationWhen a cancellation request is made, Hivelocity will immediately remove all configuration information as well as all contents of the account on the date of the next renewal of the account. A customer may request immediate cancellation if so desired. Upon cancellation, Hivelocity will remove all files, which may include unread e-mail left on the server.Refund PolicyRefundsHivelocity does not offer refunds for dedicated servers under any circumstance. Any credits for service are handled on a case by case basis at the sole discretion of Hivelocity’s management.ChargebacksIn the event of a chargebackIn the event Hivelocity receives a chargeback notice in connection with any of your services, we reserve the right to take the following action:Terminate any and all services you have with usRequire future payments be made via wire transfer or PayPalRequire a prepayment of three (3) months for future service via wire transfer or Western UnionKeeping Billing Information CurrentUpdating Your Billing InformationYou may fax an update to 813-902-6477. A fax must include the account name, account password, and signature of the account owner. Personal information may be changed via a customer’s myVelocity portal.Out-of-Date RecordsPeriodically it may become necessary for Hivelocity.net to contact the customer. If the information provided to us is not current, it may lead to the customer failing to receive notices. The customer is solely responsible for keeping all personal and billing information current at all times. Hivelocity is not responsible for actions that are taken as a result of a customer’s failure to respond to HiVelocity’s notices.Invoices and StatementsE-mail Invoices/StatementsA customer may request Hivelocity to send an invoice or account statement via e-mail. This service is available at no charge.Postal Mail/Fax InvoicingA customer may request Hivelocity to end an invoice or account statement via postal mail or fax. Hivelocity will charge the customer $5.00 per invoice/statement sent via this manner.TaxesCustomer LiabilityHivelocity shall not be liable for any taxes or other fees to be paid in accordance with or related to purchases made from customer. Customer is solely responsible for all taxes and fees of any nature associated with Hivelocity’s products and services.Bandwidth and OveragesUnmetered ServersUnmetered Bandwidth may be purchased in increments of 10, 20, 50 and 100 Mbps. Your selected level of bandwidth will be capped at your servers network adapter as well as the switch port you are connected to. The server will obtain your selected full port speed (10, 20, 50, or 100 Mbps) 24 hours per day/7 days per week and will not accrue bandwidth overages charges as you will not be able to exceed the allotted bandwidth amount.Standard Metered ServersAll of our standard metered bandwidth server plans include a finite amount monthly data transfer denoted by the amount of GB included. On our standard server offerings, you will purchase an allotted amount of bandwidth for your server and you will be billed based on your monthly use. Hivelocity will calculate your bandwidth use each month based on your total data transferred in a given billing period.If you have exceeded the allotted bandwidth for your server plan in the current billing period, you will be charged $.05 per GB over the allotted server plan amount. The bandwidth overage charge will be applied to your account for immediate payment.Service Level Agreements Hardware SLAOur Hardware Service Level Agreement (SLA) guarantees that hardware replacement will be complete within two (2) hours of problem identification. The hardware replacement timer begins once a customer opens a trouble ticket and Hivelocity has determined the cause of the problem to be faulty hardware. The period of time it takes to troubleshoot and identify the problem is outside of the two (2) hour SLA.In the event we are unable to replace the faulty hardware within four (4) hours, Hivelocity will credit the customer five percent (5%) of the monthly fee for each additional hour of downtime incurred, up to one hundred percent (100%) of the customer’s monthly service fee.The following services are provided free of charge to any dedicated server provided by Hivelocity:Hardware ReplacementInitial Server hardeningSoftware Firewall implementation (upon request)Cross Connects AvailableUnlimited Reboots (via ticket system request)Access to knowledge base (cPanel, Hsphere, Plesk, Hosting Controller, and Direct Admin)Flash training movies for support control panels (Hsphere, cPanel, DirectAdmin, HostingController, and Plesk)MRTG bandwith graphs15 minutes per month of Hands and Eyes Control Access (additional time will be billed at $100.00 per hour)Network SLAHivelocity is committed to providing a standard of service and reliability unparalleled in the hosting industry. Hivelocity’s Data Center uses redundant Juniper and Brocade components to eliminate any single point of failure. Our network is multi-homed through redundant high-speed carriers which results in you, the customer, always being able to count on fast and reliable connectivity to our network.Our Data Center is outfitted with redundant CRAC, battery power and diesel generator power to ensure uptime in any situation. Hivelocity remains low overall network utilization at all times providing durability during any large internet routing issues such as DDOS or DOS attack.Our Data Center emphasizes security as only Hivelocity employees have access to any of our server rooms and access to our facility is only granted through the use of Hivelocity’s employee key cards. In the event a customer needs personal access to their server, they will be escorted to their server by a Hivelocity technician or Account Manager who will assist and monitor this activity.Hivelocity guarantees the uptime of its networks 99.99% of the time excluding scheduled maintenance. Network downtime is defined as the inability to transmit or receive data due to the failure of Hivelocity owned network equipment, excluding scheduled maintenance, and is measured from the time a trouble ticket is opened by the affected customer to the time Hivelocity determines the issue is resolved.In the event any customer experiences anything less than 99.99% uptime on Hivelocity’s network, excluding scheduled maintenance, that customer is eligible to receive a credit upon request, as set forth herein. Hivelocity will provide a five percent (5%) credit to the affected server or shared account for each hour of downtime beyond one-tenth of a percent (0.1%) per month. No customer may receive credits totaling more than one month of service per affected server or shared account.PCI SLAHivelocity completes an annual Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) assessment using an approved Qualified Security Assessor (QSA). The auditor performs an assessment of Hivelocity’s PCI environment and completes an Attestation of Compliance (AoC) and Report on Compliance (RoC) issued by the QSA. Hivelocity is certified through this process as compliant under PCI DSSThe effective period for compliance begins upon passing the audit and receiving the AoC from the auditor and ends one (1) year from the date the AoC is signed. The AoC is available to customers upon request to show the QSA has determined that Hivelocity is in compliance.Hivelocity is responsible for the security of all cardholder data that it processes.Terms Of Service The following terms of service (these “Terms of Service” or this “Agreement”) govern the provision by Hivelocity, Inc. (hereinafter “Hivelocity”) to the customer executing this online transaction (“Customer”), of the products and services described in (i) the Order Form submitted in connection with this online transaction (the “Order Form”), (ii) the Service Level Agreement (as in effect from time to time and set forth on Hivelocity’s website, the “SLA”) governing the Customer’s limited right to recover certain service credits and (iii) Hivelocity’s technical support descriptions (collectively clauses (i) through (iii), the “Products and Services”). These Terms of Service shall be effective as of the date that Customer executes its online transaction and thereby accepts these Terms of Services (the “Effective Date”). These Terms of Service hereby incorporate by reference the SLA, Hivelocity’s Acceptable Usage Policy (as in effect from time to time as set forth on Hivelocity’s website, the “AUP”) and the Order Form each of which is made a part of these Terms of Service and collectively referred to herein as the Agreement.” Customer’s use of Hivelocity’s website, Hivelocity Network, and the Products and Services is also subject to Customer’s acceptance and compliance with these Terms of Service, the AUP, the SLA and the Order Form. Capitalized terms used herein without being defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such capitalized term in the SLA or AUP, as applicable. PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. This is a binding agreement between Customer and Hivelocity  and includes automatic renewal terms. By submitting an Order Form online or by using Products and Services, Customer hereby agrees to the terms and conditions of the Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. PARAGRAPH 11 REQUIRES ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS. 1. Changes to this AgreementFrom time to time, Hivelocity may change this Agreement. Hivelocity will provide you with notice of material changes via the e-mail address associated with the Customer’s account, and by posting online at https://www.hivelocity.net/legal/. It is your responsibility to check for any such notices. Your continued subscription to and payment for Hivelocity’s services after the effective date of the change constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Hivelocity is not making any representation regarding the availability of any Product or Service, which may be changed of discontinued. 2. Services and Monthly CommitmentsHivelocity agrees to provide the Products and Services in accordance with the pricing, terms and conditions of this Agreement beginning on the Effective Date. Hivelocity may perform additional technical, supplemental, or professional services (Additional Products and Services) for Customer at either Hivelocity’s published pricing rates or at rates mutually agreed to in writing between Customer and Hivelocity. Also, Hivelocity may perform remedial services as provided for in the AUP at the pricing set forth therein and without obtaining Customer’s consent in advance. 3. Term and RenewalUnless Customer agrees to a one-year, semi-annual or quarterly term or unless otherwise stated in an Order Form or any service description, the initial term (“Initial Term”) of this Agreement shall be month-to-month, (A) commencing on the Effective Date and shall automatically renew on the monthly anniversary date (date of initial signup), for successive one-month periods unless cancelled or terminated earlier pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement or (B) in the case of a one-year term, each yearly anniversary of the Effective Date for successive one-year periods unless cancelled or terminated earlier pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement (in each case, a “Renewal Period”). Customer agrees to be bound by the service term selected on the Order Form or via applicable promotional codes. Hivelocity may cancel or elect not to renew the Products and Services for any reason or no reason at all by delivering to Customer a written notice of non-renewal at least five (5) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Period, as applicable. 4. Domain RegistrationICANN’s Registrant Benefits and Responsibilities Registrant Education Registration Agreement 5. Customer Cancellation or Non-RenewalIn order to cancel or elect not to renew any Product or Service, Customer must login to Customer’s myVelocity control panel, go to the device Customer wishes to cancel, click the cancellation button, and fill out the form. All account cancellations must be received in the above manner at least five (5) days in advance of the date of renewal. Accounts cancelled with less than five (5) days notice shall be cancelled at the end of the next term and shall be charged accordingly. When a cancellation request is made, Hivelocity will immediately remove all configuration information as well as all contents of the account on the date of the next renewal of the account. Customer may request immediate cancellation if so desired. Hivelocity will remove all files. This may include unread e-mail left on the server. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES SHALL CONTINUE TO RENEW AND CUSTOMER WILL CONTINUE TO BE BILLED FOR ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES UNLESS CUSTOMER CANCELS THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AS PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION. 6. TerminationHivelocity may immediately terminate this Agreement at any time, and without liability, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (“Hivelocity Termination”): (i) Customer’s failure to pay any amount due hereunder or (ii) Customer’s material breach or violation of any provision of this Agreement (other than such violations set forth in clauses (iii), (iv) and (v) below) that is not cured within twenty-four (24) hours of Customer’s receipt of written notice from Hivelocity referencing such breach or violation; (iii) Customer ceasing to do business in the normal course, becoming or being declared insolvent or bankrupt, being the subject of any proceeding relating to liquidation or insolvency which is not dismissed within ninety (90) calendar days, or making an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) Customer’s violation of the AUP or the Privacy Policy; or (v) Hivelocity determines in its sole discretion that Customer engages in any business or conduct which is unethical, illegal or could subject Hivelocity to liability, embarrassment or cause damage to Hivelocity’s business or reputation (vi) Customer exhibits abusive behavior towards Hivelocity representatives via phone or online communication. Hivelocity determines in its sole discretion what behavior is considered abusive and subject to immediate termination. In such events listed above Hivelocity shall have no obligation to refund any funds paid in advance by customer. Customer may terminate this Agreement with respect to all, and not less than all, of the Products and Services without liability (except for Charges due through the effective date of such termination) upon the occurrence of a material breach by Hivelocity of its obligations to provide the Products and Services according to the terms of this Agreement that is not cured within fifteen (15) business days after written notice from Customer describing such breach in detail is received by Hivelocity (“Customer Termination”). In the event of a Customer Termination, Customer shall pay (1) all outstanding amounts payable through the effective date of such termination and (2) if the Products and Services include software for which Hivelocity does not then provide general customer support, Customer shall pay to Hivelocity an amount equal to Hivelocity’s cost of such software for the entire Initial Term and any applicable Renewal Periods. If Customer terminates this Agreement for any reason other than a Customer Termination, Customer shall pay to Hivelocity an amount equal to all unpaid Charges through the effective date of such termination and (A) in the case of any Product and Service subscribed for on a month-to-month basis, all Charges for the Products and Services through the remainder of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable and (B) in the case of any Product and Service subscribed for other than on a month-to-month basis, all Charges for the Products and Services through the remainder of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term, as applicable, calculated based upon the then-current Minimum Monthly Commitment payable by Customer upon the date of termination. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT CUSTOMER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY REFUND OR CREDIT IN THE EVENT THAT ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE THAT IS PROVIDED ON THE BASIS OF A ONE-YEAR TERM IS TERMINATED, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE ONE-YEAR TERM. CUSTOMER HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO ANY SUCH REFUND OR CREDIT. Upon termination of this Agreement, Hivelocity and Customer shall have no obligations to each other, except as provided for in this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Customer shall (i) pay all Charges and other amounts due and owing to Hivelocity under these Terms of Service, (ii) immediately remove from Hivelocity’s premises all property owned by Customer, including, but not limited to, immediately removing all of Customer’s data from Hivelocity Network (including all servers owned or operated by Hivelocity), and (iii) return to Hivelocity all software, access keys, and any other property provided to Customer by Hivelocity under this Agreement. Any physical property of Customer not removed from Hivelocity’s premises within forty- five (45) days after such termination shall become the property of Hivelocity, which may, among other things, dispose of such property without the payment of any compensation to Customer. Sections 8, 9, and 11 shall survive the expiration, cancellation, or termination of this Agreement for any reason. 7. PaymentCustomer agrees to pay all charges, fees, penalties, early cancellation charges, reconnection fees, service interruption fees, installation fees and other amounts due under this Agreement (collectively “Charges”) in US dollars. Each Customer that is a Florida resident agrees to pay all taxes applicable to its account. Except as otherwise provided for herein, all Charges for the Products and Services, and for any additional services described herein, shall be invoiced to the Customer and paid in advance of the Initial Term and each Renewal Term (but may include any applicable pro-rated amounts for partial months of for Products and Services provided on a month-to-month basis) and shall be due and payable upon receipt. Any additional one-time charges, including early cancellation charges, accrued interest, late fees, service reinstatement fees, and any usage-based charges (installation or set-up fees) shall be invoiced in arrears and appear on either regular monthly invoices or separate invoices. Server rental charges are incurred immediately at signup and are prorated by three (3) days to allow for server provisioning and delivery. Customer also shall pay to Hivelocity all expenses incurred by Hivelocity in exercising any of its rights under this Agreement or applicable law with respect to the collection of a payment default, including attorneys’ fees, court costs, and collection agency fees. If Customer fails to pay any past due amount within five (5) days after written notice by Hivelocity is given to Customer, Hivelocity may suspend performance under this Agreement and if such past due amounts remain unpaid for an additional five (5) days thereafter, Hivelocity may terminate this Agreement. Hivelocity may charge interest on any invoice amounts that are overdue by more than ten (10) days at the lesser of (a) 1.5% per month or (b) the maximum non-usurious rate under applicable law. Customer shall be deemed to have accepted as conclusively accurate any invoice that it has not disputed in a writing delivered to Hivelocity within sixty (60) days of the invoice date. Customer may withhold the disputed portions of payments that are properly and timely disputed hereunder as long as it timely pays all undisputed charges that are outstanding. The parties shall work together in good faith to resolve any such disputed charge. In the event that this Agreement is terminated by Hivelocity for any reason constituting “Hivelocity Termination” (as defined above) or by Customer for any reason other than “Customer Termination” (as defined above), all Charges under the Agreement, including all remaining monthly or yearly fees due for the remaining portion of the Initial Term and each applicable Renewal Period, shall accelerate and are immediately due and payable. All set-up fees, monthly service fees and usage fees are non-refundable. Customer shall not be entitled to any refunds or credits, pro-rated or otherwise, in the event of early termination of this Agreement by Hivelocity according to the terms herein. 8. IndemnificationCustomer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Hivelocity, its subsidiaries, their affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders and agents (each an “Indemnified Party”) against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, penalties, actions, proceedings, judgments, or any and all costs thereof (collectively, “Losses”) to which an Indemnified Party may become subject and which Losses arise out of, or relate to the Agreement, Customer’s use of the Products and Services, breach of any confidentiality obligation or any alleged infringement of any trademark, copyright, patent or other intellectual property right and will reimburse an Indemnified Party for all legal and other expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by such Indemnified Party, in connection with investigating, defending, or settling any Losses, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which such Indemnified Party is a party. 9. Disclaimers; Limitation on Company Liability. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. HIVELOCITY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR (i) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF REVENUE RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BY THE CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTIES OR ANY FAILURE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR (ii) ANY LOSS OF DATA OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA RESULTING FROM DELAYS, NONDELIVERIES, MISDELIVERIES, SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, FAILURE OF HIVELOCITY NETWORK, RECLAMATION OF SERVERS BY HIVELOCITY, FAILURE OF SERVERS, THE RELOADING OF AN OPERATING SYSTEM OR OTHER SOFTWARE ON A SERVER OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF HIVELOCITY. CUSTOMER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SAFEGUARDING, BACKING UP AND ARCHIVING ALL DATA OWNED, CONTROLLED OR TRANSMITTED BY CUSTOMER THAT RESIDES ON HIVELOCITY NETWORK OR ANY SERVER OWNED OR OPERATED BY HIVELOCITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL HIVELOCITY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO HIVELOCITY IN THE BILLING CYCLE IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING SUCH CLAIM. HIVELOCITY PROVIDES ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. CUSTOMER SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION, USE AND SUITABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND HIVELOCITY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY THEREFORE. NO CLAIM MAY BE ASSERTED BY CUSTOMER AGAINST HIVELOCITY MORE THAN TWO (2) YEARS FOLLOWING THE DATE OF THE EVENT THAT UNDERLIES ANY SUCH CLAIM. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE RECEIPT OF A SERVICE CREDIT AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE SLA CONSTITUTES CUSTOMER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AND HIVELOCITY’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, FOR ANY FAILURE OF HIVELOCITY NETWORK, HIVELOCITY HARDWARE OR HIVELOCITY INFRASTRUCTURE OR THE FAILURE BY HIVELOCITY TO PROVIDE CUSTOMER WITH THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR MANAGED HOSTING SERVICES PURCHASED BY CUSTOMER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT WHICH RESULTS FROM A QUALIFIED NETWORK DOWNTIME EVENT OR ANY OTHER QUALIFIED DOWNTIME EVENT.Beta/Early Access Disclaimer. As part of its’ business model, Hivelocity is constantly developing new and innovative Products and Services.  From time to time, Hivelocity will offer such newly developed Products and Services (sometimes referred to as test, beta, pilot, early access, experimental, pre-release, limited release, developer preview, etc.).  In the event that Customer uses any such Products and Services, such use shall only be for testing purposes, and not for actual production. Except as expressly stated otherwise in writing, such Products and Services are provided “as is”, and are provided without any warranty, indemnifications or other responsibility or liability on the part of Hivelocity.  Such Products and Services, in many cases, have not been fully developed or tested, and may have flaws and vulnerabilities.  Hivelocity accepts no liability for any harm or damage arising out of  or in connection with Customer’s use of such Products and Services and Customer’s use of such Products and Services in a production environment is not recommended and would be at Customer’s sole risk. Hivelocity may discontinue or modify such Products and Services at any time in its sole discretion.  10. Miscellaneous Terms a. Bandwidth. Customer agrees that bandwidth usage shall not exceed the number of Gigabytes per month for the Products and Services ordered by Customer on the Order Form (the “Agreed Usage”) without overage fees and/or penalties occurring. Hivelocity will monitor Customer’s bandwidth and reserves the right to take corrective action if Customer’s bandwidth exceeds the Agreed Usage. Such corrective action may include the assessment of additional charges, disconnection or discontinuance of any and all Products and Services, or termination of these Terms of Service, which actions may be taken by Hivelocity in its sole and absolute discretion. If Hivelocity takes any corrective action under these Terms of Service, Customer shall not be entitled to a refund of any fees paid in advance prior to such action. Bandwidth usage is measured on a monthly basis with the server start date serving as the beginning of the monthly bandwidth measuring cycle. Only outgoing traffic is counted and applied towards the Agreed Usage. In the event that Customer exceeds the Agreed Usage, Hivelocity may, at its sole discretion, collect overage fees, in the amount of $0.05 per GB from Customer, or to the extent that Customer has a credit card on file with Hivelocity, apply such charge against Customer’s credit card. Data transfer in excess of the Agreed Usage shall be automatically billed to Customer. Unused Agreed Usage or bandwidth allocations cannot be carried over to future months or applied to other servers. Customer consents to Hivelocity’s use of Customer’s name and logo during the term of service solely to identify Customer as a client of Hivelocity. b. Notices. Unless otherwise specified herein, all notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in writing and delivered personally or sent by facsimile transmission, internationally recognized overnight courier, or registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to the address or facsimile number of Customer listed in Hivelocity’s records or if to Hivelocity then to the address set forth below. Such notices or other communications shall be deemed to have been given (a) on the date delivered (if delivered personally), (b) on the date that return confirmation is received (if sent by facsimile), (c) on the business day after being sent by an internationally recognized overnight air courier, or (c) five days after being sent (if sent by registered or certified mail). Hivelocity, IncAttn: Legal Department8010 Woodland Center BlvdSuite 700Tampa, FL 33614Toll Free: 888-869-4678Local: 813-471-0355Fax: 813-902-6477legal@hivelocity.net c. Waiver. It is agreed that no waiver by any party hereto of any breach or default of any of the covenants or agreements herein set forth shall be deemed a waiver as to any subsequent and/or similar breach or default. d. Severability. If one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement are found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. e. Force Majeure. Neither party shall lose any rights hereunder or be liable to the other party for damages or losses on account of failure of performance by the defaulting party if the failure is occasioned by any occurrence or contingency beyond its reasonable control, including war, strike, fire, Act of God, earthquake, flood, lockout, embargo, governmental acts or orders or restrictions, failure of suppliers, or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the reasonable control of the nonperforming party; provided that such party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly mitigate any damages or losses. f. Non-Solicitation. During the term of this Agreement and for twelve (12) months following termination of this Agreement, Customer agrees that it shall not solicit for employment with Customer (or with any other party) any employee of Hivelocity or interfere in the employment relationship between Hivelocity and any of its employees with whom Customer has had contact in connection with this Agreement. g. Ownership. (i) Hivelocity shall be the sole owner of all intellectual property, and all derivatives thereof, that Hivelocity may develop in the course of providing the Products and Services. Each party to this Agreement retains exclusive ownership and rights in its trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, and other intellectual property. Upon termination of the Agreement, Customer agrees to promptly release any Internet protocol numbers, addresses, or address blocks assigned to Customer in connection with the Products and Services. (ii) Hivelocity employs an application programing interface (API) for Customers’ use in the consumption and management of Hivelocity Products and Services.  Any APIs are licensed to the Customer, are revocable and are non-exclusive for the Term for Customer’s use solely in managing or exchanging data with the Products and Services, and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Products and Services.  If Hivelocity provides software for Customer to install on Customer’s equipment, or on other Customer or third party operated equipment, such software is licensed on a non-exclusive, limited term and revocable basis, for Customer’s use solely in connection with the Products and Services, subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to Hivelocity technology generally.  h. Customer Hardware. Hivelocity acknowledges and agrees that the hardware provided by Customer to Hivelocity to be used in connection with any Products and Services (the “Customer Hardware”) is the property of Customer and shall be tagged and identified as such. Hivelocity shall not pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber the Customer Hardware in any way and upon demand by Customer shall surrender the Customer Hardware to Customer, unless Customer fails to remove such Customer Hardware as provided for in Section 4 above. i. Third-Party Beneficiaries. There shall be no third party beneficiaries to the Agreement, including customers, employees, agents, or insurers. j. Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable by Customer without Hivelocity’s prior written consent. Hivelocity may assign the Agreement in whole or in part upon written notice to Customer. This Agreement shall be binding upon and accrue to the benefit of any permitted assignee, and any such assignee shall agree to perform the obligations of the assignor. 11. Agreement to ArbitrateFor purposes of this Section, “Dispute” shall mean any dispute, claim, or action between Customer and Hivelocity arising out of or relating to the Hivelocity’s provision of Products or Services, the Customer’s use of and payment for those services, or any other transaction involving you and Hivelocity, whether in contract, warranty, misrepresentation, fraud, tort, intentional tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis, and shall be interpreted to be given the broadest meaning allowable under law. Moreover, notwithstanding anything else in the Agreement, you agree that a court, not the arbitrator, may decide if a claim falls within one of these six exceptions. a. Dispute Notice. In the event of a Dispute, Customer or Hivelocity must first send to the other party a notice of the Dispute that shall include a written statement that sets forth the name, address and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the Dispute, and the relief requested (the “Dispute Notice”). The Dispute Notice to Hivelocity must be addressed to the address listed for Notices in Section 10(b), above (the “Hivelocity Notice Address”). The Dispute Notice to Customer will be sent by certified mail to the most recent address we have on file or otherwise in our records for you. If Hivelocity and Customer do not reach an agreement to resolve the Dispute within sixty (60) days after the Dispute Notice is received, Customer or Hivelocity may commence an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section. Following submission and receipt of the Dispute Notice, each of us agrees to act in good faith to seek to resolve the Dispute before commencing arbitration. b. Binding Arbitration. In the event Customer and Hivelocity do not reach an agreement to resolve the Dispute as stated in the preceding paragraph, Customer and Hivelocity further agree: (a) to arbitrate all Disputes between the parties pursuant to the provisions in the Agreement; (b) the Agreement memorializes a transaction in interstate commerce; (c) the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §1, et seq.) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Section; and (d) this Section shall survive termination of the Agreement. ARBITRATION MEANS THAT CUSTOMER WAIVE CUSTOMER’S RIGHT TO A JUDGE OR JURY IN A COURT PROCEEDING AND CUSTOMER’S GROUNDS FOR APPEAL ARE LIMITED. The arbitrator may award Customer the same damages as a court sitting in proper jurisdiction could, and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. In addition, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and enforceable by any court with jurisdiction over the parties. c. Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may bring an individual action in the small claims court of your state or municipality if the action is within that court’s jurisdiction and is pending only in that court. d. WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND CLASS ARBITRATIONS. CUSTOMER AND HIVELOCITY AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FEDERAL OR STATE CLASS ACTIONS, OR CLASS ARBITRATIONS. ACCORDINGLY, UNDER THE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES OUTLINED IN THIS SECTION, AN ARBITRATOR SHALL NOT COMBINE OR CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PARTY’S CLAIMS WITHOUT THE WRITTEN CONSENT OF ALL AFFECTED PARTIES TO AN ARBITRATION PROCEEDING. e. Arbitration Procedure. If a party elects to commence arbitration, the arbitration shall be governed by the rules of JAMS that are in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated (the “JAMS Rules”), available at https://www.jamsadr.com or by calling 1-800-352-5267, and under the rules set forth in this Section, except that JAMS may not administer any multiple claimant or class arbitration, as the parties agree that the arbitration shall be limited to the resolution only of individual claims. If there is a conflict between the JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in this Section, the rules set forth in this Section shall govern. Customer may, in arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to Customer pursuant to federal, state, or local laws. All Disputes shall be resolved by a single neutral arbitrator, and both parties shall have a reasonable opportunity to participate in the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of the Agreement. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of the Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. Customer may choose to engage in arbitration hearings by telephone. Arbitration hearings not conducted by telephone shall take place in a location reasonably accessible from your primary residence, or in Hillsborough County, Florida, at your option. i. Initiation of Arbitration Proceeding. If either Customer or Hivelocity decide to arbitrate a Dispute, we agree to the following procedure: Write a Demand for Arbitration. The demand must include a description of the Dispute and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. Customer can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at https://www.jamsadr.com (“Demand for Arbitration”). Send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee, to: JAMS600 Brickell Ave.,Suite 2600Miami, FL 33131, U.S.A. Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to the other party at the same address as the Dispute Notice, or as otherwise agreed to by the parties. ii. Hearing Format. In all hearing formats, the arbitrator shall issue a written decision that explains the essential findings and conclusions on which an award, if any, is based. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Hivelocity or Customer shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which Customer or Hivelocity is entitled. The discovery or exchange of non-privileged information relevant to the Dispute may be allowed during the arbitration. iii. Arbitration Fees. If you recover more in the arbitration than the last offer of resolution or settlement made to you by Hivelocity, Hivelocity shall pay, or (if applicable) reimburse Customer for, all JAMS filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration commenced (by you or Hivelocity) pursuant to provisions of the Agreement. f. Amendments to this Section. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Customer and Hivelocity agree that if Hivelocity makes any future amendments to the dispute resolution procedure and class action waiver provisions (other than a change to Hivelocity’s address) in this Section, Hivelocity will obtain Customer’s affirmative assent to the applicable amendment. If Customer does not affirmatively assent to the applicable amendment, Customer is agreeing that Customer will arbitrate any Dispute between us in accordance with the language of this Section. g. Severability. If any provision in this Section is found to be unenforceable, that provision shall be severed with the remainder of this Agreement remaining in full force and effect. The foregoing shall not apply to the prohibition against class or representative actions; if the prohibition against class or representative actions is found to be unenforceable, this entire Section shall be null and void, with the exception of Section 11(h).  The terms of this Section shall otherwise survive any termination of these Policies and Procedures. h. Exclusive Venue for Other Controversies. Hivelocity and Customer agree that any controversy that is not covered by the dispute resolution procedure and class action waiver provisions in this Agreement (other than an individual action filed in small claims court) shall be filed only in the Superior Court of Hillsborough, Florida, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, and each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for any such controversy i. Survival. The terms of this Section 11 shall otherwise survive any termination of these Terms of Service.