http://www.avcosystems.co.uk/privacy#8-about-cookies
This browser is not supportedWe recomend using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox or Edge to view the siteNeed to get in contact with us?Phone01753 213 700LocationAvco Systems 17 Bath Road Slough SL1 3UFFor the best experience we recomend using the latest version of Chrome, Firefox or Edge to view this siteFree No-Risk DiscussionThe initial requirements gathering and analysis of your project is completely free, with no-obligation to purchase our services.Provide your contact details below and we’ll get in touch to arrange a chat.Looking for A2C Migration support? Unfortunately we aren't allowed to provide direct support to centres. You will need to contact your awarding organisation instead. You can find their contact details, and other helpful information, on the A2C website.
I'd like to subscribe to marketing emails
I consent to being contacted by Avco Systems Thanks, we'll get back to you soon. In the meantime please add any extra information below Thank you.We'll get back to you as soon as possible.or call us on 01753 213 700Subscribe for UpdatesGet all the latest news and insight from the Avco blog directly to your inbox! I consent to receiving marketing emails from Avco SystemsSubscribed!
01753 213 700 homeservices All Services
Analysis Finding the solution to your business challenge
App Development Building innovative apps for web and mobile
Data Processing Analysing and processing large data sets
Managed Hosting Fully monitored and ISO27K certified hostingproducts All Products
Authinity Modern identity management
A2C Market-leading transport services
Avco SFX Simple, straightforward, secure file transfer
Anycomms Plus Powerful file transfer
Payroll Easing the burden of payrollcompany About Information about Avco Systems
Blog Articles and observations from Avco employees
Case Studies Descriptions and analysis of past work
Get in Touch Contact details and location
Careers Open positions and working environment 01753 213 700
Privacy Policy1. Introduction1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.1.3 We use cookies on our website.1.4 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Avco Systems Ltd. For more information about us, see Section 12.2. Credit2.1 This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).3. How we use your personal data3.1 In this Section 3 we have set out:(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;(b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and(d) the legal bases of the processing.3.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.3.3 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (“profile data”). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business or the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract.3.4 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data”). The service data may include name, address, telephone number, email address, gender, date of birth and employment details. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business or the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.3.5 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data”). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.3.6 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data”). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.3.7 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.3.8 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.3.9 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.3.10 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.3.11 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.3.12 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.3.13 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.4. Providing your personal data to others4.1 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.4.2 We may disclose customer relationship data to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for effective management of our customer relationships.4.3 Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.4.4 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.5. Retaining and deleting personal data5.1 This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.5.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.5.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:(a) all personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 6 months, and for a maximum period of 5 years.5.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.6. Amendments6.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.6.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.6.3 We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email if possible and/or necessary.7. Your rights7.1 In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.7.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:(a) the right to access;(b) the right to rectification;(c) the right to erasure;(d) the right to restrict processing;(e) the right to object to processing;(f) the right to data portability;(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h) the right to withdraw consent.7.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.7.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.7.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.7.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.7.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.7.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.7.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.7.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:(a) consent; or(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.7.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.7.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.7.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.8. About cookies8.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.8.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.8.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.9. How we use cookies9.1 We use the following types of cookies on this website:(a) Functional - Necessary cookies that enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.(b) Analytical - Analytical cookies that help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting non-personally identifiable information on its usage.© Tracking - Tracking cookies placed by us or third parties that track your usage across this website and others in order to deliver targeted advertising and personalized content. We only enable these cookies following your explicit consent via a banner that appears on first load of the site. You can revoke consent by utilizing the tools of your browser, or by opting out from individual third parties using the links provided in the following section.10. Cookies used by our service providers10.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.10.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.10.3 Information about the consent to Albacross processing of personal dataWe obtain your consent to the processing of personal data on the behalf of Albacross Nordic AB (“Albacross”).Information collected from cookies set in your device that qualify as personal data will be processed by Albacross, a company offering lead identification and ad targeting services with offices in Stockholm and Krakow. Please see below for full contact details.The purpose for the processing of the personal data is that it enables Albacross to improve a service rendered to us and our website (e.g “Lead Generation” service), by adding data to their database about companies.The data that is collected and used by Albacross to achieve this purpose is information about the IP-address from which you visited our website, and technical information that enables Albacross to tell apart different visitors from the same IP-address. Albacross stores the domain from form input in order to correlate the IP-address with your employer.You may at any time withdraw your consent to this processing. Such withdrawal may be made either by contacting us, or by contacting Albacross directly.Albacross Nordic AB Companyreg. no 556942-7338 Kungsgatan 26 111 35 Stockholm, Sweden www.albacross.com - contact@albacross.com10.4 We use AddThis tools to provide social sharing widgets to our users. AddThis collects non-personally identifiable information about website use and use that information to deliver targeted advertising and personalized content. AddThis’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy. To opt out of AddThis targeting visit: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out.10.5 AddThis also state that in order to opt out of the use of data collection for the purposes of targetted advertising, you can visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/10.6 We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to provide conversion tracking, retargeting, and web analytics for LinkedIn ad campaigns. LinkedIn’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy10.7 Information about the consent to Yandex.Metrica processing of analytics dataThis website uses Yandex.Metrica web analytics provided by Yandex Oy Limited Company - Moreenikatu 6, 04600 Mantsala, Finland (hereinafter referred to as the “Yandex”).Yandex.Metrica uses “cookies,” small text files placed on users’ computers to analyze user activity.Information collected by cookies does not reveal your identity, but it can help us to improve our website performance. Information about your use of this website collected by cookies will be transferred to Yandex and stored on Yandex’s server in the EU and the Russian Federation. Yandex will process this information to assess how you use the website, compile reports for us on our website operation, and provide other services. Yandex processes this information as specified in the Terms of Use of Yandex.Metrica Service.You can stop using cookies be making relevant adjustments in browser settings. You can also use the tool https://yandex.com/support/metrika/general/opt-out.html. However, it can affect some website functions. By accepting tracking cookies on this website, you agree that Yandex can process your data in the above manner and for the above purposes.11. Managing cookies11.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).11.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.11.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.12. Our details12.1 This website is owned and operated by Avco Systems Ltd.12.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 1976620, and our registered office is at 17 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 3UF, United Kingdom.12.3 Our principal place of business is at 17 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 3UF, United Kingdom.12.4 You can contact us:(a) by post, to Avco Systems Ltd, 17 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 3UF, United Kingdom;(b) using our website contact form;(c) by telephone, on 01753 213700; or(d) by email, using web-support@avcosystems.com.Looking for A2C Migration support? Unfortunately we aren't allowed to provide direct support to centres. You will need to contact your awarding organisation instead. You can find their contact details, and other helpful information, on the A2C website.
I'd like to subscribe to marketing emails
I consent to being contacted by Avco Systemscall us on 01753 213 700get directionsavcosystems@avcosystemsavcosystemsISO CertifiedProductsAnycomms+AuthinityPayrollSFXCompanyAboutBlogCareersContact UsServicesAnalysisApp DevelopmentData ProcessingManaged HostingContactCopyright 2020 Avco Systems Ltd Privacy Cookies01753 213 700
Avco Systems 17 Bath Road Slough SL1 3UFRegistered in England No. 1976620 v9.7.3:29ae9d07 - 2020-09-30