http://www.axiomsw.com/website/privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Axiom Software uses and protects any information that you give Axiom Software when you use this website.
Axiom Software is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be
identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Axiom Software may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that
you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax
or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and
dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website
in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from
the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie
in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave
our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection
and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information.
Request a Demo
You will receive quarterly promotions and news. Unsubscribe with one click.
Drop us a line
Address
Axiom Software Ltd.
115 Stevens Avenue
Suite #320
Valhalla, NY 10595
United States
Phone
914-769-8800
Email
sales@axiomsw.com