http://www.rand.com/privacy
Rand worldwide
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rand Worldwide, Inc. including our subsidiaries and affiliates (“Rand Worldwide”) are committed to protecting your privacy. The privacy practices (the “Policy”) described herein apply to Personal Information collected on or through our websites or websites that are hosted on our behalf and while providing you with information, software or services (collectively, “the Site”). By visiting the Site, you signify that you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use or access this Site. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without prior notice. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Policy on the Site. Use of the Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy then in effect.
Defining “You” - “You” or “your” means you personally (i.e., the individual who reads and agrees to be bound by these terms), and, if you access this Site on behalf of a corporation or other legal entity (including, but not limited to, a partnership, LLC or LLP), collectively, you and such corporation or other legal entity on whose behalf you access the Site.
Terms Applicable to Corporations. The following terms and conditions apply specifically to any corporation or other legal entity that is subject to these Terms: You agree to require each of your employees to be bound by the terms and conditions of these Terms and you agree to remain responsible and liable for all acts and omissions of your employees in connection with the Site, including any breaches of these Terms. All references to your access and/or use of the Site herein include access and/or use of the Site by your employees. You agree that each of your employees is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password that such employee may use to access the Site, and you agree not to let any employee transfer a password or user name, or lend or otherwise transfer use of or access to the Site, to other employees or any third party. If an employee leaves your employ, or if you wish to disable an employee’s access to the Site, you are responsible for any such changes. You are fully responsible for all interaction with the Site that occurs in connection with passwords or user names associated with your employees (including any former employees).
This Site is not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through email at privacy@rand.com; or call us at 1-877-726-3243 or (905) 625-2000 or write to us at Privacy-Legal Department, Rand Worldwide, Inc., 11201 Dolfield Boulevard, Suite 112, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117.
TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Personal Information means information that can be used to personally identify you or is associated with any such information. We may collect this information from offline and online registrations and forms, communications and interactions, and sales inquiries and transactions. Personal information is most commonly collected during Site registration or Site personalization and product or service registration or enrollment. We typically ask for information such as your name, postal address, telephone/fax numbers and e-mail addresses. We may also ask for financial information such as credit card numbers to allow you to pay for any purchases you make. If you contact us, a record of that correspondence including any personal information may be kept. Information on how you communicated with us may also be recorded and can include personal information such as your e-mail address, the return e-mail address shown in any e-mail message from you, the return address on any envelope or facsimile, or the telephone number from which you called.
In addition to the information specified above we may collect information about your use of the Rand.com websites through cookies. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to store on a web browser so it can later be read back from that browser. Cookies on websites may collect a unique identifier, user preferences and profile information and membership information. Rand Worldwide has engaged Google, a third party, to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from visitors to the website. Google sets cookies on behalf of Rand Worldwide. While we do not offer an opt-out for cookies, browsers provide you information and control over cookies. You can set your browser to alert you when a cookie is being used, and accept or reject the cookie. Users can disable the cookie feature on their browser without affecting their ability to use the site, except in some cases where cookies are used as an essential security feature necessary for transaction completion.
Rand Worldwide also collects non-personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide. Such information includes company name, title, geographic location, industry that you work in and your security questions and answers, when you voluntarily provide it to us. Such information is non-personally identifiable information because it does not personally identify you.
Rand Worldwide may also use pixel technologies or other similar technologies in connection with Site pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to track the actions of Site users and e-mail recipients, and to track marketing campaign responsiveness.
USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information to conduct business, provide information and support for products and services, better understand your needs and interests, refine and develop our business, improve services, personalize communications and ensure a quality experience with Rand Worldwide.
Personalized Experience. Rand Worldwide may use your personal information to provide you with support or other services you have ordered. This includes content that can be personalized by you and Rand Worldwide, interactive communications such as surveys and email contact with account representatives and many other types of services. We may also use personal information to respond to your requests and fulfill the purposes, for which the personal information was provided, (e.g., to process and fulfill your product, service or support requests) and for administrative services (e.g., customer service).
Transactions. We may use personal information such as your name, physical address, telephone number, email address, and company to engage in transactions with you, including contacting you about your order. We may also use this information as well as financial/credit card information to process your order. Rand Worldwide may need to share some of this information with delivery services, credit card clearing houses and other third parties to complete transactions. If you submit personal information to purchase a product or service from a partner or a company with which we have a relationship, we will need to share that Personal Information with the relevant partner/company so that Rand Worldwide or the partner/company can process your order(s) to ship, supply, maintain, renew or service the products or services that you requested and you may be contacted by the partner/company for any of these purposes. Rand Worldwide is not responsible or liable for the use of personal information about you by such partners and/or companies.
Communications. We may use your personal information to provide you with notices of new product releases, conferences or events hosted or co-sponsored by Rand Worldwide, service developments and to respond directly to your requests for information. Please note that our partners or conference sponsors may directly request your personal information at their conference booths or presentations; providing your information is optional, and you should review their privacy policies to address your particular needs and concerns. We may also share your contact information with other selected partners that offer complementary products or services. If you later change your mind and no longer wish to receive such marketing communications from us, you may opt-out of such communications on a going-forward basis as set forth in the opting-out section below.
Within Rand Worldwide. Personal Information about you may be shared within Rand Worldwide Inc. and its subsidiaries for the purposes of providing you with products or services you have ordered or for which you have registered and to provide information to you about our products or services.
Public Forums. Rand Worldwide may provide access to chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or newsgroups. Any information you disclose on these areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible on the Site, so it is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding to reveal personal information in these areas. Rand Worldwide does not control the content that users post to these forums or social networks. We are not responsible for the use of any personal information you voluntarily disclose through the site.
Legal Requirements. Rand Worldwide may be required to disclose your personal information in order to comply with legally mandated reporting, disclosure or other legal process requirements. Additionally, in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can (and you authorize us to do so) disclose any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
Assignment. From time to time we may sell parts of our business, sell or securitize assets, or merge or amalgamate part or all of our business with other entities. Since customer and account information will normally be part of such transactions, we may use or disclose such information to other parties included in the transactions.
Keeping Information Secure. Your information is stored securely on a cloud based system.  Should we detect something unsafe that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Rand Worldwide employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
REGISTRATION, CUSTOMIZATION, PREFERENCES AND OPT-OUT
Rand Worldwide Inc. allows you to establish an online registration system for marketing communications at Rand.com. You may use the profile to customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic information, including opting into (or out of) receiving such information.
Opting-Out. If you do not want to receive marketing information from us, or if you would prefer that we do not share personal information about you with our affiliates or our partners so that our affiliates and partners can send you such marketing information, be sure to indicate that on your registration form if the form requires you to specify your choices. Alternatively, you can contact us at: privacy@rand.com; or call us at 1-877-726-3243 or (905) 625-2000 or write to us at Privacy-Legal Department, Rand Worldwide, Inc., 11201 Dolfield Boulevard, Suite 112, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117.
Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove personal information about you from the databases or third parties with which we have already shared personal information about you (i.e., to which we have already provided personal information about you as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing related emails from such third parties, please contact such third parties directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms set forth in their respective privacy policies or marketing related emails.
Some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out, such as communications related to sales transactions or other support related materials, conferences or events for which you have registered, and disclosures to comply with legal requirements, as well as communications with partners, about product alerts, updates, and other notices related to partner status.
Profile Updates. Rand.com gives users options for changing or modifying previously submitted information. If you have privacy concerns about your personal information, please contact us at privacy@rand.com. You may also write to us at Privacy-Legal Department, Rand Worldwide, Inc., 11201 Dolfield Boulevard, Suite 112, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117.
Advertising. Rand Worldwide does not currently use any outside advertising company (“Advertiser”) to serve banner or other advertisements on the Site. However, Rand Worldwide reserves the right to use third party advertising companies to serve such advertisements in the future. If so, please be advised that such third parties may place cookies in your browser’s cookie file, which would enable such third parties to record which ads your browser has accessed, and which Site pages you may have been viewing when the ads were delivered.
The rand.com web sites provide links to non-Rand Worldwide sites we believe may be of interest to you. Those sites are beyond our control. You are advised to check the privacy policies and terms of use of any non-Rand Worldwide sites before providing your personal information to them.
TRADEMARK GUIDELINES
Any and all trademarks making reference to or related to Rand Worldwide, IMAGINiT, ASCENT, or ProductivityNOW are registered and/or owned by Rand Worldwide, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries, affiliates, and/or other legal holders under the Rand Worldwide, Inc. name.
COMPLIANCE AND REGULATION
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law treats certain disclosures of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value as “sales,” even when no money changes hand. We do not “sell” personal information subject to California law.
We described several types of information in our “Privacy Policy”. If you reside in California, you have rights to access the specific pieces of your information, the right to know details about our processing of your information, the right to request deletion of your personal information, and the right to not be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. You can exercise those rights by emailing us at privacy@rand.com; or call us at 1-877-726-3243 or (905) 625-2000 or write to us at Privacy-Legal Department, Rand Worldwide, Inc., 11201 Dolfield Boulevard, Suite 112, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117.
Updated: February, 2020. © Rand Worldwide Inc.
SHARE THIS
Contact Us
Email
+1 (410) 581-8080
Home
ASCENT
IMAGINiT
Rand 3D
Rand Simulation
Search for:
Company
About Us
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Investor Information
Careers
Divisions
IMAGINiT Technologies
ASCENT- Center for Technical Knowledge
Rand Simulation
Rand 3D
IMAGINiT FM
Training
Overview
Offices
United States
Canada
News
Press Releases
Careers
Life at Rand Worldwide
Resource Center
Current Positions
Contact Us
Email
Local Offices
RAND Worldwide Inc. is not affiliated with RAND Corporation
Twitter
LinkedIn
CAREERS
INVESTORS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
SITE MAP
We use cookies to operate and improve the usability of this website. By continuing to use this site you are consenting to the use of cookies. For more information please read our Privacy Policy.