http://www.digitaldynamics.com/privacy-policy.html
•
products
SuperIOr  Controllers Custom I/O Systems
capabilities
Engineering - Hardware & Software Manufacturing Markets Served Customer Success Stories
I/O Controller for Semiconductor Wafer Processing Tool 32 Channel Temperature Controller High Voltage Tester PLC Control System Sterilizer Chamber Control System
About Us
About Digital Dynamics® Employment Contact Us Community Activities
Quality
ISO 9001 TÜV
Resources
Technical Information News & Events Partners and Affiliates
Contact
Contact InfoRequest for Information
Privacy PolicyDigital Dynamics, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@digitaldynamics.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Digital Dynamics, Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Digital Dynamics, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Digital Dynamics, Inc.'s website does not use cookies.Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Digital Dynamics, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Digital Dynamics, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Digital Dynamics, Inc. and is effective as of July 8, 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between Digital Dynamics, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
Digital Dynamics, Inc.
5 Victor Sq., Scotts Valley, CA 95066
Ph: 800.765.1218 | 831.438.4444
Fx: 831.438.6825
Email: info@digitaldynamics.com
Website: www.digitaldynamics.com