http://www.crystalfontz.com/policies.php#privacy
Quick Order | Sign In |
Cart 0
888.206.9720
M-F 8:30am - 4:30pm PST
Advanced Search
We have a display for that!
Home
Products
Support
Blog
Videos
Contact
Products
USB LCD Displays
Serial LCD Displays
Graphic LCD Displays
Character LCD Displays
TFT LCD Displays
OLED Displays
Sunlight Readable Displays
ePaper Displays
Touch Screen TFTs
Accessories
Discounted Products
LCD SoftwareLCD Drive Bay KitsCompare Our LCDsAdd at least 2 products to compare.
Popular LCD Searches
Smallest LCD Displays
Arduino ePaper Kits
Raspberry PI Screens
Transparent OLED
EVE Accelerated TFTs
Arduino LCD Displays
Custom Digital Displays
Newsletter Signup
Builder Resources
Crystalfontz Blog
LCD Glossary
LCD Support Forum
LCD Controller Datasheets
Purchasing Resources
Quick OrderKnow your part number? Checkout fast!
Request a QuoteGet pricing and lead time info!
Our ISO 9001:2015 CertificateOf course we're ISO 9001:2015 certified
Conflict Mineral Reporting TemplateDownload our latest CMRT
California Prop 65Proposition 65 Information
Payment InformationWe accept many payment methods
Finding Everything?
Need some help finding a display?
Search by Tech SpecSearch by size, controller, interface, etc
Ask our product support teamWe're here to help! 8:30-4:30 PST 888.206.9720
Product NoticesSign-up for part change or update notices
Newest products!
We're adding new displays all the time.
HOME » POLICIES
Policies
Please refer to the tabs below for Crystalfontz America's policies on Defined Parts, Payment Methods, Pricing, Privacy, Returns/RMA, Shipping, Stock Availability, and Warranty.
Crystalfontz America owns and operates the www.crystalfontz.com website. By accessing, visiting, browsing, using or interacting or attempting to interact with any part of the website or any software, program or services on the website you agree on your behalf personally, and on behalf of any entity for which you are an agent or you appear to represent, (collectively and individually "you," "your," "user" or "customer") to each of the Crystalfontz America policies.
Defined Parts
Payment Methods
Pricing
Privacy
Returns / RMA
Shipping
Stock Availability
Warranty
Repair or Replacement for Defective Products
Products under warranty may be returned for repair or replacement. For more information on the warranty, please see our Warranty Policy on our website.
Standard vs. Special Orders
Crystalfontz America's return policy is different for "Standard" orders and "Special" orders.
Standard Orders are orders for current products on Crystalfontz America's website.
Special Orders are orders for products that are not currently on Crystalfontz America's website or are customized, non-standard products (also known as a Defined Part or DP).
Standard Orders: Crystalfontz America will only consider return requests for standard orders when the request is made within thirty (30) days of delivery. Please note that there is a restocking fee of up to 30% of the purchase price and shipping charges are nonrefundable. A customer can avoid a restocking fee by reviewing their order confirmation to ensure the correct products have been ordered.
Special Orders: Defective products can be returned for repair or replacement.
Non-Returnable and Non-Refundable Products
Discounted products are non-returnable and non-refundable (NR/NR). Discounted products are products that are end-of-life and have limited availability. Discounted products are not recommended for new designs as there may not be a direct replacement offered by Crystalfontz America. The customer understands and agrees that "NR/NR" products cannot be returned or refunded.
For more information on how to "Return a Product" click here.
Defined Parts
A Defined Part (DP) is a part that has been configured with additional and/or different features from our standard part that requires work to be performed on the part in order to meet the specific requirements from the customer. The changes to the part creates what is referred to as a defined part and must have a new part number assigned to it for identification purposes.
Defined Part Agreement
By approving the configuration of a defined part with Crystalfontz America, the customer is acknowledging that they have reviewed the part configuration and pricing, and that they agree to all aspects of the newly defined part.
Once a DP has been approved by the customer, it can never be changed or revised.
Customer Samples
Crystalfontz America recommends that the customer purchase physical samples of the DP for full functional review and approval prior to placing additional Purchase Orders for the purchase of the DP. However, if the customer prefers, the customer can waive the review of the physical samples. The customer must indicate that they waived review and are approving the part configuration without samples by writing in the RT ticket for the DP.
Additionally, waiving of a physical sample review does not absolve the customer of ownership of any issues that come up with the receipt of future orders of the DP that such a review would have captured and resolved prior.
If there is any level of change to any of the features specifically called out in the agreed upon and approved DP configuration, a new DP will need to be defined.
Upon Receipt of Samples
Customer should either:
State in writing in the DP support ticket, their approval of the DP Configuration and Pricing based on their review of the sample parts.
OR
State in writing in the DP support ticket the issues they encountered with the sample parts. At this time, the process will begin again with the Crystalfontz America engineer working with the customer to redefine the part configuration and get approval on the new sample.
Important: For DP approval and lifetime management of the DP, Crystalfontz America will require for the customer to identify the one individual who will represent the entire customer organization in giving approval of the DP. The identified individual authorized to give customer approval shall do so representing their organization and any subsequent Contract Manufacturers that the customer authorizes to purchase this DP.
Warranty Coverage
Crystalfontz America's limited warranty covers:
All products are free of functional defects for a period of one-year from the date of shipment.
All products are free of visual defects and missing parts for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of shipment.
If a product is damaged during shipping or the order is incorrect, you must notify Crystalfontz America within two (2) days of receipt.
Warranty Does Not Cover
Under certain conditions Crystalfontz America's limited warranty will be voided and no repairs or replacements will be granted. The conditions not covered by Crystalfontz America's limited warranty include, but are not limited to:
Damaged glass.
Broken glass.
Broken touch screen.
Damaged conductors.
Damaged components.
Damaged polarizer.
Damaged mounting holes.
Addition to components.
Removal of components.
Evidence of mechanical stress to parts.
Evidence of damage caused by applying incorrect voltage.
Evidence of damage caused by operating outside of specified temperature range.
Evidence of damage caused by electrostatic discharge (ESD).
Parts tampered with by grinding, engraving, drilling, cutting, or applying coatings of any kind.
Important: LCD circuitry is industry standard CMOS logic and susceptible to ESD damage. Please use industry standard antistatic precautions as you would for any other static sensitive devices such as expansion cards, motherboards, or integrated circuits. Ground your body, work surfaces, and equipment.
To avoid damaging LCD modules, the customer is advised to read the "Care and Handling Precautions" section in the product's datasheet that is available in a PDF on the product's web page.
Defective Product Still Under Warranty
Crystalfontz America will either
repair the product, or
replace the product.
Making a Warranty Claim
For warranty service, the customer must first request an RMA number using the Crystalfontz America RMA Request Form.
Disclaimer of Unstated Warranties
The warranty described above is the only warranty applicable to our products. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE DISCLAIMED.
Limitation of Liability
CRYSTALFONTZ AMERICA'S LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, UNDER ANY WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY THE CUSTOMER. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CRYSTALFONTZ AMERICA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Shipping Carriers
Crystalfontz America ships worldwide via FedEx, UPS, and USPS. We offer USPS (Priority Mail) for orders less than $100 and FedEx for all orders over $100.
If you prefer to ship using your own carrier account, select the "Shipping Account: Use my shipping account" option and select your carrier (FedEx, DHL, or UPS), and provide your account information during checkout. Please note that if you would like to ship with a carrier other than FedEx, DHL, or UPS, a $25.00 handling fee will be applied (this includes freight forwarders).
Insurance
All shipments are insured unless the customer requests that it not be insured using the "Special Instructions" field using our shipping carries (FedEx, UPS, and USPS), or the "Do Not Insure" checkbox when using your own shipping account number.
Shipping Times
Most orders placed Monday through Friday by 2pm Eastern Time (11am Pacific Time) will be shipped the same day. Orders placed after that 2pm Eastern Time (11am Pacific Time), will ship the following business day unless placed during a company holiday.
Charge for Packages Returned or Rerouted
Packages returned to us or that require rerouting due to you providing us with an incorrect shipping address or refusing a package may result in additional charges.
Note: If any issues occur with a payment, we will contact customers by phone or email.
Rates
An estimate of the shipping cost is displayed during the checkout process based on the "Shipping Address" you provided. If the actual cost is different than the estimated cost, we will notify you by email.
Saturday Delivery
If you would like FedEx to deliver on a Saturday please specify in the "Special Instructions" field at checkout. Please note that an additional fee will apply.
Delivery Signature Options
We use the FedEx shipping option "Delivery Without Signature" unless you specify otherwise in the "Special Instructions" section when ordering.
Customs and Import Duties
Customs fees and import duties for exports are your responsibility. We cannot predict or prepay these fees. We will charge you for any duties or customs fees erroneously charged to us. We mark our customs forms with only the appropriate and applicable trade codes for our products. We will not mark a package as a "gift" or falsify values.
Export Control
US Trade Restrictions does not allow Crystalfontz America to do business with certain countries. Therefore, Crystalfontz America will not approve an account or ship to an address located in Balkans, Belarus, Burundi, Central African Republic, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, North Korea, Russia, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Ukraine, Venezuela, Yemen, and Zimbabwe.
Please visit the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) for more information.
Payment Methods
Crystalfontz America accepts the following payment methods:
Inside the United States:
Credit Cards:
Visa
MasterCard
American Express
Personal or Business Check
Money Order
PayPal
ACH Electronic Funds Transfer
Bank Wire Transfer (additional $35.00 wire fee applies)
Outside the United States:
Credit Cards:
Visa
MasterCard
American Express
PayPal
Bank Wire Transfer (additional $35.00 wire fee applies)
Note: If any issues occur with a payment, we will contact customers by phone or email.
Purchase Order (PO)
If your credit application is approved, a customer may place a PO with "net 30" terms on standard orders.
Please send POs to sales@crystalfontz.com, or fax to (509) 892-1203, or place order via our website.
Important: Changes to a PO must be in writing and received within one-week of the date that the order was confirmed.
Special Orders
Special Orders may require the following advanced payment:
Orders over 500 pieces require 50% advance payment.
Orders over 1000 pieces require 100% advance payment.
Please note that special orders require a noncancelable, nonrefundable (NCNR) agreement.
Order Cancellation
Online orders must be canceled by 3pm Pacific Time (PT) on the day of order.
Stock Availability
Crystalfontz America strives to keep product in stock to quickly fill customer orders.
Please contact us for lead time and availability.
If we are unable to ship an order we will contact you via email.
End-Of-Life (EOL) / Product Change Notices (PCN)
Crystalfontz America reserves the right to discontinue or change a product at any time with or without prior notice. In the event of product EOL or change, Crystalfontz America will make a reasonable effort to notify the effected customer as soon as possible. Last-time-buy of EOL or changed products may be available.
Pricing
We offer quantity discounts and allow two ship dates for a single order within a sixty (60) day timeframe (e.g., an order of 500 pieces with instructions to ship half now and half next month qualifies for the 500-piece quantity discount price).
To keep our pricing as low as possible we do not offer free samples to customers. However, for design purposes, and to accommodate the needs of our customers, we do allow single-piece orders.
Prices are listed in US dollars and are subject to change without notice.
In the event of a pricing error, we reserve the right to cancel any orders relating to such pricing error(s).
Crystalfontz America Privacy Policy
Last Update: 05/08/2018
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. We do not share your personal information with outside parties
except as is necessary to process your order and when required by law. The personal information
is transmitted securely using industry standard e-commerce security technology known as Secure
Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption.
Users outside the U.S.
Transfer of Data
We store data about you, including private information, on servers located and operated within the United States. If you reside outside of the United States, in order to provide services, we may send and store your private information (also commonly referred to as personal data) to the United States. Therefore, our collection and use of your private information is subject to the United States' laws related to privacy and use of personal data and information. These laws, including what is determined to be "personal data and/or information," are different and may be less protective than those applicable to you in your country of residence. By accepting the terms of this privacy policy you acknowledge, agree and consent to (1) the transfer to and processing of private information on servers located outside of the country where you reside, (2) our collection and use of your private information as described herein and in accordance with the laws of the United States that may be different and may be less protective than those in your country and (3) that you are taking a risk by using the services.
Types of Personal Information We Collect
To process an order we require your name, shipping address, billing address, email address, phone number,
and payment information. A fax number is optional. We keep a history of your transactions. We do not store payment information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your email address only to send order confirmation and shipping information, to reply to emails
that you send us, and for opt-in mailing lists (such as Parts Change Notifications or Newsletters) to which you may
subscribe (or unsubscribe). We contact you only if a question arises regarding your orders or to give you information
relating to your orders or to provide technical support.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information. After we no longer need it, we will either delete or anonymize your information. If this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as necessary to provide
products and fulfill transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, or enforcing our agreements). We do not store credit card information.
Any information posted to the Crystalfontz forum is considered public. The user name supplied via your post settings will always be associated with your posts whether they started with you or whether you commented on another's post.
How We Use Cookies
As is done with most websites, when you visit our website, we ask your browser to store a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive. This cookie allows us to distinguish you from other visitors to our site making it possible for us to assist your website navigation, track items in your shopping cart, and remember information so you don't have to re-enter it. Our third party service providers also collect information about your computer, such as the browser, operating system, IP address, country and other geolocation data, date and time of visit, whether you are using a mobile device, referring websites, the search engine queries you used to get to the Web Site, the pages of the Web Site you visit and your activities on the Web Site such as what images, videos, or other embedded media you view, as well as the amount of time spent on the website pages, and the number of pages visited. This information is used for a variety of purposes to improve our website and its content, including without limitation to gather broad demographic data, identify trends and statistics, help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the website and its content. To order online, your browser must accept our cookie. By modifying your browser preferences, you may have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject cookies. The rejection or limitation of cookies by your browser will limit your ability to use our website.
Third-Party Service Providers
Crystalfontz uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our services, to help us measure the use of those services, provide information and advertising regarding our Website, products, and services. Third-party services providers may include, but are not limited to third party web analytics services, online-chat, and a variety of third party social media platforms such as YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, and Google+. These third-party service providers may collect, store, and share information as further dictated by the privacy policies of those third parties.
Crystalfontz uses services through companies such as Google to target ads to you related to your usage of our website. Crystalfontz may show ads on other websites based onyour browsing history on our website. Google may use the data collected to track and examine the use of our website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may also use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Crystalfontz utilizes the User-ID feature of Google Analytics, which allows us to track individual users across multiple devices and sessions using our website. You may view Google's privacy policy here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, with more information located here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ (including information regarding how to control how information is shared through your Ads Settings) and here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. You may opt out of Google Analytics data as instructed here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
General information regarding opt-out from interest-based advertising from companies belonging to the Network Advertising Initiative can be found here: http://optout.networkadvertising.org and information regarding opting out through the Digital Advertising Alliance can be found here: http://optout.aboutads.info.
Web Beacons - We may employ Web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs), which are customized links or similar technologies, on our website and when sending you messages, newsletters, or promotional emails or in using third-party service providers. Web beacons allow us to (a) determine whether you have opened, or acted upon a promotional email and which links you have clicked on to deliver to you more focused communications and other content; (b) allow us to count the number of users who have visited certain webpages and effectively deliver services; and (c) enable us to compile aggregated statistics and determine the efficacy of promotions by using Web beacons from third parties.
Online Chat – Your online chat information and communications conducted via the chat feature are recorded and stored by Olark, a third-party Application Service Provider. Crystalfontz has access to Olark's recorded and stored chat information and may monitor or review such information for quality assurance. Crystalfontz may also use that information in accordance with Crystalfontz's Privacy Statement and Website Terms & Conditions. The use of the information by Olark is subject to the Olark Privacy Policy that can be found at the Olark web site https://www.olark.com/privacy-policy
Children's Privacy and Note to Parents and Guardians
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. The Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and children under 13 are not permitted to use the Services. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13, and you believe that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Crystalfontz" section at the end of the Privacy Policy.
Contact Crystalfontz America
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or want your data removed or updated please contact us using our online form or via mail:
Crystalfontz America, Inc.
12412 East Saltese Avenue
Spokane Valley, WA 99216-0357
United States of America
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.
Crystalfontz America, Inc.
12412 East Saltese Avenue, Spokane Valley, WA 99216-0357
Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 4:30pm Pacific
Tel:
(509) 892-1200
Fax:
(509) 892-1203
Toll Free:
(888) 206-9720
sales@crystalfontz.com
© 1999-
2020 Crystalfontz
. All rights reserved.
Sign In |
Cart
Home | Products | Tech Support | News | About | Contact | Policies
ISO 9001:2015 Certified