http://www.sisoft.com/company/privacy-policy.html
HomeContact UsNewsBlog
Have questions? Call:
978.461.0449
Contact Us Online
Go!
Toggle navigation
MENU AND SEARCH
Company
Company
Partners
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Products
Products
Quantum Channel Designer
Quantum-SI
Product Evaluation Request
Support
Services
Services
IBIS Model Generation
Design Analysis
Design Reviews
Signal Integrity Analysis
Package Design
PCB Design
Power Integrity
Training
eLearning
eLearning
IBIS-AMI
Quantum-SI Design Kits
Design Of Experiments
Papers & Presentations
QCD SerDes Vendor Implementation Kits
References
S-Parameter Resources
Webinars
Contact Us Now
HomeCompany This Page
Privacy Policy
Signal Integrity Software, Inc.
Last
Updated: May 8, 2018
Signal Integrity Software, Inc. ("SiSoft") provides this notice to describe and explain its information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Information We Collect
Personal Information. You may visit this Website without disclosing any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). However, you may also choose to provide certain Personal Information, such as your name, address, telephone number and/or email address on this Website. We use personal information provided to us through this Website for the purpose for which it is provided, such as, for example, to process your request to register to view certain proprietary materials or online training videos or to have us send you certain information and content. For our products and services ("Products"), we collect your name, contact information, and information about your organization and role. Our license management software also collects your IP address and information about your device, such as your operating system and version. We may receive Personal Information from third parties for purposes of analytics and identifying prospective customers; see the "Cookies, Analytics, and Leadlander" section below for more information. We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you.
Non-Personal Information. We may collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit the Website or use our Products. Aggregate and non-personal information does not relate to a single, identifiable visitor. It tells us such things as how many users viewed our Website and the pages of the Website that were accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our Website and Products to the needs of our visitors and users.
Most of the information we collect is necessary to provide you with access to this Website and our Products. For example, if you request technical support, we need to collect your name and email address to be able to respond to your request. See the "Opt-Out" section below regarding optional information collection.
Information We Share
We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose your Personal Information, except as described herein. We may share Personal Information with our affiliates and with third parties in the following categories:
Web and systems infrastructure providers (e.g., providers of storage, databases, metrics, business intelligence, sales and marketing tools, analytics, and other information technology services)
Providers of technical support services and event support services (e.g., event registration and management, webinars, training sessions)
Providers of products and services for business operations (e.g., payment processing, order fulfillment)
These third parties are primarily located in the U.S. but may be located throughout the world. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information about you if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in order to respond to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, and/or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer any Personal Information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
Links to Third-Party Websites
This Website may contain links to external Websites operated by third parties. Please be aware that these third-party Websites are governed only by their own privacy policies and terms of use. Links to third-party Websites from this Website are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this website. We have not reviewed these third-party websites and do not control them. SiSoft does not assume responsibility for any of these websites, their content, privacy policies and terms of use. SiSoft does not endorse or make any representations about them or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party Websites linked to this Website, you do so at your own risk.
Web Server Logs
In the process of administering this Website, we may maintain and track usage through Web server logs. Web server logs provide information such as what types of browsers are accessing our website, what pages receive high traffic, and the times of day our servers experience significant load. We may use this information to improve the content and navigation features of our website. Anonymous or aggregated forms of this data may be used to identify future features and functions to develop for the website and to provide better customer service.
Cookies, Google Analytics and Leadlander
Some SiSoft pages may use cookies or other technologies so that we can better serve you when you return to our website. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. For more information, please refer to user information provided with your Web browser.
SiSoft also uses web analytics services provided by LeadLander (Leadlander Privacy Policy) and Google (Google Privacy Policy) which both use Javascript and cookies to help analyze how visitors use our site. These services may use cookies to collect information for analytics and to determine what other websites you have visited. Cookies are very small text files stored on your computer by your web browser. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. If cookies are refused, you will still be able to use our Website, and anonymous data will still be collected in our internal transaction logs. By accepting cookies, you consent to the processing of data in the manner and for the purposes set out in this privacy notice.
Personalized URL Links and Personalized Message Content
Occasionally, we may create a unique web URL link for certain visitors. If you visit one of these Websites, you may find forms that are already filled out with your name, or other types of information you have previously indicated an interest in, based on information you have given us before.
We may also personalize the content of newsletters, e-mail offers or invitations based on topics in which you have previously indicated an interest. We collect information about how you consume this type of personalized information in order to help us provide you with other information that is better tailored to your interests.
If you choose to visit one of these personalized web URL links, you are agreeing to allow SiSoft to collect information about your visits and also to associate that information with other information about you and your relationship with SiSoft. If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, do not accept the invitation to visit these Websites.
How We Use Your Information
SiSoft may use your personal information to:
Provide products, services, and support requested by you or on your behalf.
Grant access to SiSoft’s webinars, white papers, online training videos, software downloads and other online resources and services, orders for software made online, and other information you request.
Process and ship orders that you place with us or that are placed on your behalf, and provide you with documentation, communications, or other material in support of such orders.
Administer and improve the Website and Products.
Manage licenses and ascertain use of our Products.
Solicit optional feedback from you in forms or surveys.
Help us customize content most relevant to your interests.
Market and sell our Products. You may opt out of marketing emails.
Notify you about important news concerning SiSoft.
Notify you of new products and services, product updates, technical support issues, events and special offers we think you may be interested in.
Notify you about and enable your participation in seminars, trade shows, and other events.
Enforce our agreements or comply with obligations imposed by applicable laws, regulations, or a court or administrative order. We may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may retain your information for as long as needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, or as allowed or required by law. We may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, and enforce our agreements.
Opt-Out
SiSoft offers you the choice of receiving different types of communication and information related to our company, products and services. You may subscribe to e-newsletters or other publications; you may also elect to receive marketing communications and other special offers from us via e-mail. If at any time you would like to change your communication preferences, we provide unsubscribe links and an opt-out mechanism for your convenience.
Our Commitment To Data Security
SiSoft is concerned about the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption technology when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes.
Data Subject Rights
If you are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation or other applicable privacy laws, you have the right to make certain requests about your personal data. You have the right to request access to your personal data, request that SiSoft correct your personal data so that it is accurate and up to date, or request that your personal data be restricted or removed. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on the grounds that the processing is not lawful. You have the right to data portability, the right to withdraw consent to processing, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
If you are subject to the GDPR, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time and free of charge.
Please contact us at privacy@sisoft.com to exercise your rights as a data subject.
Lawful Basis of Processing
SiSoft generally relies on legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing personal data. Specific legitimate interests are listed in the "How We Use Your Information" section above. In addition, when you enter into a legal or business transaction with us, such as a purchase, a software license, or other legal contract, we need to store and use personal information associated with that transaction to enforce our rights under the transaction and to meet our legal obligations to you or to government authorities. We rely on consent when you give us information for a specified reason, such as submitting a survey. If you choose not to provide information, our ability to provide you with certain products and services may be limited to the extent that such products and services depend on the information.
When we share personal information, we use a contract requiring the recipient to protect your personal data. If you have questions about the safeguards that we use to protect your data or would like to request a copy, you can contact us at privacy@sisoft.com.
Acceptance of and Changes to this Policy
We may update or change this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior notice to you by changing the "Last Updated" date above.
How To Contact Us
Should you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, you may e-mail us at: privacy@sisoft.com.
You may also contact us via mail at the following address:
Signal Integrity Software, Inc.365 Boston Post Road, #240
Sudbury, MA 01776
In This Section
Company
Partners
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Other Sections:
Company
Products
Services
Support
eLearning
Contact Us
Testimonials
Have questions or need assistance? Call 978.461.0449
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Please sign me up for your newsletter.
Questions
Links
HomeCompanyProductsSupportServicesContact UsBlogSite Map
eLearning
Company Information
Signal Integrity Software, Inc.
365 Boston Post Road, #240
Sudbury
, MA
01776
Local: 978.461.0449
Connect With Us
© 2020, Signal Integrity Software, Inc. All rights reserved.
Content Management System by Sales & Marketing Technologies