http://www.endpcnoise.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
HOME
SYSTEMS
Fanless PCsTotally Noiseless, No Fans,No Dust, No Moving Parts
Powerhouse PCsUltra Silent, Mid Tower,Standard Computing
QuietElite™ PCsExtreme Processing,Professional Level
Digital Audio WorkstationsRackmount, Ultra Silent,High-end Recording & Playback
Gaming PCsGreat Value,Easy Upgrades
ServersSilent Servers,Business and Home
Value PCsBudget Oriented,Everyday Computing
SUPPORT
ARTICLES
ABOUT US
Search
SIGN IN
You are hereHome » Privacy and Data Policy
At SilentPC.com, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy explains when and why we collect personal information and how we use it.
We may change this policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our site, you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@silentpc.com
Our core promise:
We will always respect your data security.
We will never sell your data to third party marketers.
Security
All traffic on this site is HTTPS and uses full 128bit SSL encryption. No credit card information is stored on our servers.
Customer Orders and Accounts
In order to facilitate an order, an account is created on the website during checkout. This account allows customers to access their order status, and get access to invoices. The account contains the customer's name, email, phone number, billing and shipping address (if applicable), tracking numbers (if applicable), comment history, the item(s) ordered, and the username and password selected at checkout. We do not store credit card numbers in the account. Payment card info is encrypted and sent to our payment processor at the time of checkout. None of our servers or staff have any record of the credit card used outside of the last four digits and it's expiration date. Customers can delete their account any time be selecting to edit their account, then selecting to cancel it. This will remove the account but some order details will remain for legal, security, and tax reasons. At any time a customer can download all the invoices contained in the account for their own records.
Marketing
We do maintain an email list of people who have directly indicated, either in checkout or via direct signup that they are interested in news and product updates. Only email addresses are used. If at any time you would like to be removed from this list you can unsubscribe in the email itself or contact us by email: info@silentpc.com
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organizations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website. In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Cookies
What Cookies Are: Cookies are small files stored on your computer by your web browser at the request of a website you're viewing. This allows the website you're viewing to remember things about you, such as your cart or to keep you logged in. Cookies may be stored on your computer for a short time (such as only while your browser is open) or for an extended period of time, even years. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. Managing your cookies and cookie preferences must be done from within your browser's options/preferences.
Our Cookie Usage: This site uses cookies primarily for saving your cart and remembering if you are logged in. It is our policy to set the cookies to expire when the browser session is closed.
Analytics and Logging
This site uses Google Analytics to track what pages are accessed most often and to know the relative location of our visitors. All Google Analytics IP information is anonymized and no traffic data is stored with Google Analytics longer the 26 months. This site also keeps internal logs of all of it traffic for security reasons. These logs are not shared with third parties and are stored indefinitely.
16 or Under
If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission before using this website.
If you have any questions, don’t be afraid to ask. No problem is too big or too small. We are, at our very core, a custom PC builder. So, if you have a custom need, we can find the solution. All you need to do is ask our sales team. We will be glad to answer all your questions.
Quiet & Fanless PCs
Fanless PCs
Powerhouse Quiet PCs
QuietElite™ PCs
Quiet Gaming PCs
Quiet Servers
Value Quiet PCs
Digital Audio Workstations
Quiet Music Servers
Helpful Information
Articles
About The Fanless PC
Build A Quiet PC
FAQs
Silent PC Cooling
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Data Policy
COVID-19 Response
Testimonials
Support
About Us
Quiet PC Parts
Adapters & Cables
Quiet Case Fans - nexus
Quiet Case Insulation
Quiet Computer Mice
Quiet PC Accessories
SURPLUS Computer Parts
Search
Search