https://www.hyperio.com/privacylegalnotice/
hyperI/O
Bringing Transparency to Disk I/O Performance
Skip to content
Home
Solutions
Store
Blog
About
About hyperI/O LLC
Privacy and Legal Notice
Contact Us
hyperI/O Privacy Policy
General Information
Your privacy is important to hyperI/O LLC.  hyperI/O LLC is committed to respecting the privacy of visitors to its web sites.  hyperI/O LLC is providing this Privacy Policy Statement to make you aware of our practices and procedures concerning the ways that we collect and process information which has been submitted and/or collected on our web sites.  Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information.
Personal Information
In general, you can visit the hyperI/O LLC web sites without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself.  hyperI/O LLC does not collect personal information on our web sites unless you choose to provide personal information to hyperI/O LLC.  In the course of using this web site, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs.  For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information.  Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated.
hyperI/O LLC protects the identity of visitors to our web sites by limiting the collection of personal information.  For certain promotions and/or information requests, hyperI/O LLC may request a voluntary submission of information such as name, company name, e-mail address, and telephone number.  A valid name and e-mail address are required to download demonstration versions of our products and services.  A valid name and e-mail address is also required to register an account on hyperI/O LLC web sites.  Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via e-mail in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
All personally identifiable information collected by hyperI/O LLC is used only by hyperI/O LLC staff to track site usage statistics and patterns, for market research, or for information-request or order fulfillment. Such information will not be posted or published by us.  hyperI/O LLC does not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information, except to the extent required by law.  hyperI/O LLC will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to process your payment.
Logging and Cookies
hyperI/O LLC uses software logs to monitor the use of the hyperI/O LLC web sites and to gather non-personal information about visitors to its web sites.  None of the information that we gather in this way can be used to identify any individual who visits our web sites. These monitoring systems allow us to track general information about our visitors, such as the type of browsers (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox) or the operating systems (for instance, Windows) that they use.  This information is used for statistical and market research purposes only.
The hyperI/O LLC web sites may use cookies for two purposes: to carry data about your current session at the site from one web page to the next, and to identify you to the site between visits.  If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may turn them off in your browser, or may set your browser to ask you before accepting a new cookie.  Some pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off. Unless otherwise notified on this site, we will not store data, other than for these two purposes, in cookies.  Cookies remain on your computer, and accordingly we neither store cookies on our systems nor forward them to any external parties.  Unless otherwise notified on this site, we do not use cookies to track your movement among different web sites and do not exchange cookies with other entities.
Business Relationships
The hyperI/O LLC web sites may contain links to other web sites.  hyperI/O LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices nor for the content of such web sites.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Policy Statement was last updated on 15 January 2016.  A notice will be posted on the hyperI/O LLC web site home pages for 30 days whenever this Privacy Policy Statement is changed.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this hyperI/O LLC Privacy Policy Statement.  If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any modifications.  Your continued use of hyperI/O LLC web sites following the posting of any modifications to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those modifications.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please email us at suggestions@hyperIO.com.
Legal Information
Copyright
© Copyright 2016-2019 hyperI/O LLC. Boulder, CO.  All rights reserved.
All content on this site, including without limitation all elements such as text, graphics, logos, images, video, audio, illustrations, hyperI/Osm online documents and publications, and the compilation of this content are owned by hyperI/O or other owners and/or representatives and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  Re-use of any of hyperI/O editorial content and graphics online for any purpose is strictly prohibited.  Copying or downloading any of this site’s information content in any manner other than for personal viewing of the original content in its entirety is prohibited by copyright law.
Trademarks
Among the trademarks and service marks owned by hyperI/O LLC. are hyperI/Osm, the hyperI/O logo, hIOmon™, the hIOmon logo, “Making data performsm“, “How fast are your files?™”, “The I/O Speedometer and Odometer for your Files, Devices, and Applications™”, and “Bringing Transparency to Disk I/O Performancesm“. The “look” and “feel” of the hyperI/O web sites are also hyperI/O trademarks.  This includes hyperI/O’s color combinations, layout and all other graphical elements.
hyperI/O’s marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by hyperI/O, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that discredits hyperI/O LLC.  All other marks displayed on this site are the trademarks and property of their respective mark owners.
Information and Materials
The information contained within the hyperI/O LLC web sites is subject to change without notice.
Comments are closed.
© 2016-2020
hyperI/O				 LLC.  All Rights Reserved.