http://www.cpsr.org/issues/privacy
Skip to content.
CPSR
Sections
About
News
Issues
Action Center
Membership
Personal tools
You are not logged in
Log in
Join
Home
»
Issues
»
Privacy & Civil Liberties
In 1986, CPSR broadened its national program to include  Privacy and
Civil Liberties.  Since then CPSR has played an important role in
promoting privacy and civil liberties, and has also created important
resources on the issue.  We have joined coalitions, held conferences
and awarded 3 privacy and civil liberties experts the Norbert Wiener
Award for outstanding contributions for social responsibility in
computing technology.
Why privacy matters
As the internet revolution moves forward we are pressed daily to give
up our personal information for the convenience of reading newspapers
online, buying book or to read "premium content."  We have become
desensitized to the importance of our own privacy...more
Electronic Privacy Principles
As our society has moved past the events of 9/11 we have seen a change
in how security and civil liberties are viewed.  Our personal
information has become a commodity, it is used to predict behavior both
for national security and for marketing and purposes...more
On this page:
News around Civil Liberties & Privacy
Government: Fighting Terrorism vs. Civil Liberties
& Privacy
Consumer Privacy
Coalitions, Projects & Events
US Laws: Your Privacy Rights
Other Digital Privacy Issues
News
VA Data Recovered Along With More Leaks
Created on July 03, 2006.
While the laptop that the VA lost, it has been discovered that there is a widespread atmosphere of carelessness with data and perhaps more is missing than we are aware of.
Phishing and Hacking go 2.0
Created on June 01, 2006.
In this latest extension of phishing, if bringing the mountain (or the phish) to Mohammed isn't working, try waiting for Mohammed to come to the mountain or in this case a person’s banking website. The website has been hacked and a redirect or rewritten links have been added that send the visitor off to pages that request personal information that the phisher uses to gain access to the person's banking and other financial records.
Veterans Data Theft
Created on May 26, 2006.
The news goes from bad to worse around the data theft from a Department of Veterans Affairs data analyst's home. What looked at first like a cover up is looking more like incompetence or simple lack of planning.
USA Today Reveals Massive NSA Database of Americans' Phone Calls
Created on May 12, 2006.
USA Today Reveals Massive NSA Database of Americans' Phone Calls. NSA secretly collecting phone information on calls made and assembling possibly the largest database ever made.
CPSR Opposes Expansion of Employment Verification
Created on March 31, 2006.
CPSR signs on to letter Opposing Expansion of the Basic Pilot Employment Verification System as a Threat to American’s Privacy
DearAOL.com Coalition Update
Created on March 08, 2006.
The DearAOL.com coalition has increased to more than 500 organizations. Continue reading for the latest news
Government: Fighting Terrorism vs. Civil Liberties & Privacy
Patriot Act, (The USA Patriot Act)
Created on February 20, 2005.
Many sections of the Patriot Act are set to expire (sunset) in December of 2005.
The Bush administration is pushing Congress to renew these sections as Congress begins the debate. We must push for the genuine discussion that was missing in the original implementation of the act and restore the privacy and civil liberties that this act has eroded.
Secure Flight: Home Land Security Watch List
Created on February 14, 2005.
National Identity Schemes
Created on February 14, 2005.
Includes Biometrics, Radio Frequency Identification Tags, FAQ & link to resources.
Consumer Privacy
Frequently Asked Questions on Social Security Numbers and Privacy
Created on January 28, 2005.
The SSN FAQ has now been broken up into several sections. This
section covers "actual FAQs"; that is, it responds to the questions
that are most frequently asked of author Chris Hibbert.
Coalitions, Projects & Events
Global Internet Liberty Campaign
Created on February 12, 2005.
Recognizing that actions by individual governments and multi-national organizations can have a profound effect on the rights of citizens around the world CPSR joined the Global Internet Liberty Campaign to join in supporting fundamental human rights for net for users everywhere.
Privacy Coalition
Created on February 12, 2005.
In 2001 CPSR joined The Privacy Coalition in recognition of the value of, and need to protect freedoms guranteed by the 4th Amendment and safeguard the rights of Americans in the information age.
US Laws: Your Privacy Rights
Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986
Created on January 06, 2005.
Family Educational Right to Privacy Act. (Buckley Amendment )
Created on January 06, 2005.
Other laws around privacy
Created on February 11, 2005.
Freedom of Information Act
Other Digital Privacy Issues
The Internet
Created on February 14, 2005.
No information online yet - contributions are
welcome.
Telephones & Wireless
Created on February 14, 2005.
No information online yet - contributions are welcome.
International
Created on February 14, 2005.
No information online yet - contributions are welcome.
Archived CPSR resources on privacy
Created on December 22, 2004.
Documents from before October 2004 that appeared on CPSR's former web site. (If you don't find a page you're looking for in these archives, that's probably because it now appears as part of the current CPSR web site.)
Created by
nbrigham
Last modified
June 01, 2005 04:47 PM
Navigation
Community Networks
Computers and the Environment
Free/Libre Software
Intellectual Property
Internet Governance
Participatory Design
Directions and Implications of Advanced Computing Symposium
Technology and Ethics
Voting Technology
Weapons and Peace
Women in Computing
Computer Work & the Workplace
Broadband
Global Information Society
Links of Interest
Privacy and Civil Liberties
US Laws: Your Privacy Rights
Other laws around privacy
The Internet
News
Telephones & Wireless
International
Other Privacy Resources & Related Groups
National Identity Schemes
Other Digital Privacy Issues
Other Digital Privacy Issues
Consumer Privacy
Government: Fighting Terrorism vs. Civil Liberties & Privacy
Coalitions, Projects & Events
2006
Events & activities
> CPSR Annual
Conferences
> DIAC
Conferences
> Participatory
Design Conferences
> World Summit on
the Information Society
More...
Publications
> The CPSR Compiler
> Working Papers
> The CPSR Journal
Text:
Small
Normal
Large
Search CPSR site
CPSR en Castellano
Announcements
Sign up for CPSR announcements emails
Member login
Not a member yet?
Ongoing Projects
> Elections Project> Public Sphere Project> Liberating Voices! Pattern Language Project
Chapters
International Chapters -
> Canada
> Japan
> Peru
> Spain
more...
USA Chapters -
> Chicago, IL
> Pittsburgh, PA
> San Francisco Bay Area
> Seattle, WA
more...
Why did you join CPSR?
I want to be part of the solution. I think CPSR is working to guide society in the proper creation and use of technology.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Contact
About this Site