http://www.surity.net/privacy
About You
About You
The Laboratory
Clinician
LIMS Provider
Laboratory Supplier
Industry Solutions
Industry Solutions
Clinical Laboratories
Drug Testing
Forensic Laboratories
Food & Agriculture
Hospitals
Articles
About Us
Products
Products
PAMS
imagePROFILE
crossTORQ
crossTORQ for Labs
Get Started
Get Started
Get a Demonstration
Request a Trial
Contact Us
Support
PRIVACY POLICY
Surity Pty Ltd respects the privacy of every individual who visits our site or sends us e-mail. Therefore, we have prepared this Privacy Statement to inform you as to how we will use the information you entrust to us. Your use of our site constitutes your consent to the collection and use of your information by Surity Pty Ltd. If we change our Privacy Statement, we will update this page of the site so you will always be aware of how we use your information.
Collection of Information
You can visit our site on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. However, we collect the domain names (not the e-mail addresses) of all visitors to our site to measure the number of visits, pages visited, average time spent on the site, etc.
Like many other Internet sites, our site may make use of "cookie" technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. So, when you come back to visit us, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, however please note that by not accepting cookies from our site, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our site.
If you choose to provide us with personal information on the site, for example by participating in a chat room discussion, sending us an e-mail, registering with us, or ordering products or services offered by us or our business partners on the site, you are agreeing to share that information with Surity Pty Ltd, its subsidiaries, affiliates and any of its business partners. We use personal identifiable information about you (for example, name, mailing and billing address, e-mail address, phone number, account and credit card numbers, interests and other information) to ensure the proper delivery and billing of product and service orders, to fulfil your service orders and requests, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and to customize our site's content and layout, and to inform you of our products, services and promotions. If you do not want us to send you information about certain products and services, please send us an e-mail.
Sharing Information
We do not intend to directly sell any personal information we collect on our site to third parties, however, we may share your personal identifiable information with our business partners to fulfil your orders of services and products offered on and through our site or otherwise provide information that we believe you may find helpful.
Links To Other Websites
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Statement, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Our site may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We are unsure whether these third parties have privacy policies similar to ours, and therefore, Surity Pty Ltd cannot be responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by any third party. Please review the privacy policies of these third parties.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us.