http://www.niemueller.de/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Tim Niemueller
Home
Publications
Talks
Blog
Projects
Contact
Privacy Policy
May 24, 2018
6 min read
What we collect
We collect information about the use of this website, this includes
the time of access, the part of the website accessed, information
about the used browser and operating system, referring websites, and
the client address and Internet service provider. We use this
information to improve our website and services, and to ensure the
security of this website through automated analysis. The data is kept
for four weeks and then deleted. The data is not combined with any
other identifiable information. The data is not used for any marketing
related activity.
Sharing information
We may disclose your personal information to appropriate third
parties, such as law enforcement agencies, if legally required. We
will not sell or rent any information to third parties.
Security
We are committed to keeping your information secure. We have put in
place appropriate systems and procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other websites. We have no control
over the content and privacy policies of other websites. You are
responsible for checking the privacy policy on these websites.
Third Party Services
While we do not use cookies on our website, we may embed or link to
content that does make use of cookies. Cookies are small text files
that are stored on your computer and sent to the respective service to
identify users. You may disable cookies in your browser settings. The
services may also provide other means to opt-out of tracking. Please
refer to the individual service privacy policies.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided
by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are
text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how
users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your
use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on
servers in the United States.
IP-anonymization is activated on this website, thus your IP address
will be truncated. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will
be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this
website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website,
compiling reports on website activity for website operators and
providing them other services relating to website activity and
internet usage.
The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google
Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by
Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate
settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you
may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can
also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for
the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out
Browser Addon for your current web browser:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
You can read more about Google’s use of data from their partner site
privacy policy.
YouTube
We embed videos from YouTube one some pages. YouTube is an Internet
video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and
other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review
and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of
videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well
as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet
portal. The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, a subsidiary
of Google Inc.
Videos are embedded using Embetty.
Teaser images are served through our own server. Only after you click
the play button, the actual video is retrieved from YouTube. At that
time, information is shared with YouTube. When playing a video,
YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our
website was visited. Further information about YouTube may be obtained
under https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/.
If you are logged in on YouTube, when playing a video YouTube learns
which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited. This
information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to your
YouTube account. This may be prevented by logging out of YouTube
before accessing pages that contain YouTube videos.
YouTube’s data protection provisions, available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy, provide information about the
collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
Vimeo
We embed videos from Vimeo one some pages. Vimeo is an Internet video
portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other
users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and
commenting on them. Vimeo allows you to publish all kinds of videos
via the Internet portal. The operating company of Vimeo is Vimeo, Inc.
Videos are embedded using Embetty.
Teaser images are served through our own server. Only after you click
the play button, the actual video is retrieved from YouTube. At that
time, information is shared with YouTube. When playing a video, Vimeo
gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited.
Further information about Vimeo may be obtained under
https://vimeo.com/about.
If you are logged in on Vimeo, when playing a video Vimeo learns which
specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited. This information
is collected by Vimeo and assigned to your Vimeo account. This may be
prevented by logging out of Vimeo before accessing pages that contain
Vimeo videos.
Vimeos’s data protection provisions, available at
https://vimeo.com/privacy, provide information about the collection,
processing and use of personal data by Vimeo.
Google Maps
Some pages embed maps from Google Maps. Google Maps is a service to
provide geographic information. It is required to visualize addresses
and locations on this website. You can learn more about Google Maps at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/maps/about/.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages on which a Google
Maps map was integrated, the Internet browser is automatically
prompted to download a display of the corresponding map component.
When showing a map, Google gains knowledge of what specific sub-page
of our website was visited.
Contact
If you contact us by email or via the contact form, the personal data
transmitted are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted
on a voluntary basis stored for the purpose of processing or
contacting you in response.
Supervisory Authority
In case of complaints, please contact the Data Protection Officer of
the State of Northrhine Westphalia. To
contact us directly, please see our contact data.
Changes to this policy
We may revise this policy from time to time. If we make material
changes, then we change the revision date above. You should check
periodically for changes.
×
Cite
Copy
Download