http://www.fire4.com/privacy_policy.html
Home
Contact
FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. Privacy Policy
IMPORTANT NOTICE:
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. website.
FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. takes every precaution to protect our customers' information. When customers submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and off-line. FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. recognizes and respects the importance of individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers. Our goal is to provide a secure web site for our users while preserving individual privacy rights.
FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. will deem that your independent decision to access and use the Website constitutes an act of acceptance to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and that you have given your permission to us to collect and use your information in accordance herewith.
Use of Personal Information
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information concerning a person or business which, because of name, number, personal mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify such person or business, but only to the extent such information is (i) collected through the FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. website directly from the natural person in question; and (ii) is maintained by FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. in an accessible form.
Customers browse our Website pages anonymously.
FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. may use the personal information it collects from you during the course of your use of the Website for the purposes of (1) responding to requests for product(s) or product(s) information, (2) processing orders, (3) conducting transactions, (4) record-keeping and archival purposes pursuant to applicable law, (5) customer service purposes, (7) to contact and correspond with you for sales and marketing purposes, (8) legal notices regarding changes to FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. online Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, and (9) notices for any security breaches involving your personal information as required by applicable law.
FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. collects domain information as a part of our statistical analysis of the use of our Website. This data enables us to determine numbers of customers that visit our Website and web pages, how often customers visit, and what parts of the Website customers visit most often. FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. uses this information to improve our web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and does not require customers to provide information.
Links
Other sites accessible through our web site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. is not responsible for the actions of third party web sites. Wherever possible our website opened a new window when a link is clicked to another website to ensure the customer is aware that the browser no longer displays the FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. web site.
Legal Disclaimer
FIRE4 SYSTEMS INC. fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
Notification of Changes.
Any change to our security policy will be notified on our web site.
Email Contact
We use email links located on the "contact us" page to allow customers to contact us directly with any questions or comments. We read every message we receive and reply promptly to every one. We may also use your comments to improve the website and other software it uses.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time we may request information from customers via surveys or contests for one or all of our sites. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the customer therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information, product information or demographic information. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Product information will be used to improve our range and stock of products that our customers may wish to purchase. Demographic information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Copyright © Fire4 Systems Inc., 2004-2015. All rights Reserved
Network products for managed public Internet access
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
XML Site map