https://www.premierit.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home About Us ProductsHeART iHeART PRePMobile App
GPReP Job Planning Job Planning for AHPs Project C Centric CPD Cortex e-Learning
Case Studies Events TrainingAppraisal Skills For Nurses HeART Full System Training PReP Full System Training PReP Advanced Super Admin Training
Blog Contact Us
Our Privacy Notice
Background
This privacy notice lets you know what happens to any personal data that you give to us, or any that we may collect from or about you. It applies to all products and services, and instances where we collect your personal data.
This privacy notice applies to personal information processed by or on behalf of Premier IT Ltd.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page, in order to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices. We encourage you to check this privacy notice for changes whenever you visit our website: https://www.premierit.com
Premier IT Ltd and our data protection officer
We are Premier IT, Angel Wharf, 170 Shepherdess Walk, London, N1 7JL. We are a data controller of your personal data, and provider of your product or services.
We have a dedicated data protection officer (DPO). You can contact the DPO using the details below or by writing to the above address, marking it for the attention of the DPO or going to the contact us section of our website.
What kinds of personal information about you do we process?
Personal information that we’ll process in connection with all our products and services, if relevant, includes:
Personal and contact details, such as title, full name, address, contact details, job title
Company information, including company name, contact details and address, number of employees, companies house number
IT systems, software applications, LMS systems, e-learning preferences
Suppliers and budget, and personnel responsible for buying IT Systems
Records of your contact with us such as via the phone and/or email
Products and services you hold with us, as well as have been interested in
Marketing to you and analysing data, including history of those communications, whether you open them or click on links, and information about products or services we think you may be interested in, and analysing data to help target offers to you that we think are of interest or relevance to you
What is the source of your personal information?
We’ll collect personal information from the following general sources:
From you directly, through calls, email requests or enquiry forms
Support requests
Trade shows and events
Training courses, webinars and seminars
Information generated about you when you use our products and services
What do we use your personal data for?
We use your personal data, including any of the personal data listed in section 1 above, for the following purposes:
Tailor products or services to your needs
Identify relevant interested individuals or organisations for our services
Provide relevant information about updates to our services
Updating your records, making financial payments and recovering debt
Offer personalised marketing information about relevant products and/or services
Share relevant industry news
Manage the product or service you have with us
Manage any aspect of the product or service
Perform and/or test the performance of our products, services and internal processes
Improve the operation of our business and that of our business partners
Follow guidance and best practice under the change to rules of governmental and regulatory bodies
Management and auditing of our business operations including accounting
Monitor and keep records of our communications with you and our staff
Market research and analysis and developing statistics
Direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you relevant products and service, including deciding whether or not to offer you certain products and service. We’ll send marketing to you by email, phone, post, social media and digital channels. Offers may relate to any of our products and services such as revalidation systems, support services, as well as any other offers and news we think may be of interest to you
Develop new products and services and to review and improve current products and services
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance
What are the legal grounds for our processing of your personal information (including when we share it with others)?
We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
Where it is needed to provide you with our products or services, such as:
Assessing an application for a product or service you hold with us, including considering whether or not to offer you the product, the price, the payment methods available and the conditions to attach
Managing products and services you hold with us, or an application for one
Supporting you in the use of a product or service you hold with us
Updating your records, contacting you about your account and recovering debt (where appropriate)
All stages and activities relevant to managing the product or service including enquiry, application, administration and management of accounts, and information requests
2. Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as:
Managing your products and services, updating your records, contacting you about your account and doing this for recovering debt (where appropriate)
To perform and/or test the performance of our products, services and internal processes
To follow guidance and recommended best practice of government and regulatory bodies
For management and audit of our business operations including accounting
To carry out monitoring and to keep records of our communications with you and our staff
For market research and analysis and developing statistics
For direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you relevant products and services, including deciding whether or not to offer you certain products and service. We will send marketing to you by email, phone, post, social media and digital channels
Where we need to share your personal information with people or organisations in order to run our business or comply with any legal and/or regulatory obligations
3. To comply with our legal obligations
4. With your consent or explicit consent:
For some direct marketing communications
For some of our processing of special categories of personal data such as about your health, if you are a vulnerable customer or some criminal records information
5. For a public interest, such as:
Processing of your special categories of personal data such as about your health, criminal records information (including alleged offences), or if you are a vulnerable customer
When do we share your personal information?
We may share information with the following third parties for the purposes listed above:
Premier IT Ltd companies and service providers
Internal departments, including Sales, Marketing and Accounts for the purpose of quality surveys, news, and information useful to self-development
Business partners (for example, IT providers, insurers), account beneficiaries, or others who are a part of providing your products and services or operating our business
Governmental and regulatory bodies such as HMRC, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority, the Ombudsman, the Information Commissioner’s Office and under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
Other organisations and businesses who provide services to us such as debt recovery agencies, back up and server hosting providers, IT software, support and maintenance providers, document storage providers and suppliers of other back office functions
How and when can you withdraw your consent?
Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us using the details below.
Is your personal information transferred outside the UK or the EEA?
We’re based in the UK but sometimes your personal information may be transferred outside the European Economic Area. If we do so we’ll make sure that suitable safeguards are in place, for example by using approved contractual agreements, unless certain exceptions apply.
What should you do if your personal information changes?
You should tell us so that we can update our records using the details in the Get In Touch section of our website. We’ll then update your records if we can.
Do you have to provide your personal information to us?
We’re unable to provide you with our products or services if you do not provide certain information to us. In cases where providing some personal information is optional, we’ll make this clear.
Do we do any monitoring involving processing of your personal information?
In this section monitoring means any: listening to, recording of, viewing of, intercepting of, or taking and keeping records (as the case may be) of calls, email, text messages, social media messages, in person (face to face) meetings and other communications.
We may monitor where permitted by law and we’ll do this where the law requires it, or to comply with regulatory rules, to prevent or detect crime, in the interests of protecting the security of our communications systems and procedures and for quality control and staff training purposes. This information may be shared for the purposes described above.
For how long is your personal information retained by us?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you and managing our operations
For as long as we provide goods and/or services to you and then for as long as someone could bring a claim against us; and/or
Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance.
What are your rights under data protection laws?
Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). They don’t apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not.
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
The right to object to processing of your personal information
The right to restrict processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”)
Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/. You can contact us using the details below.
Your right to object
You have the right to object to certain purposes for processing, in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate interests. You can contact us by going to the contact us section of our website to exercise these rights.
What are your marketing preferences and what do they mean?
We may use your address, phone number, email address and social media or digital channels to contact you according to your marketing preferences. You can stop our marketing at any time by contacting us using the details below or by following the instructions in the communication.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish to exercise your rights or contact the DPO, you can contact us by going to the contact us section of our website.
Alternatively, you can write to Premier IT, Angel Wharf, 170 Shepherdess Walk, London, N1 7JL. marking it for the attention of the DPO.
Share this pageShare with FacebookShare with TwitterShare with LinkedInShare with WhatsApp
Go to Top
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks