https://www.freewheelin.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home About/Team Our Work Services/Skills Pricing Blog Get in touch
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to Freewheelin Web Design’s website at www.freewheelin.co.uk (the “Website”).
Freewheelin Web Design (FWD) takes your privacy seriously. This policy covers the collection, processing and other use of personal data under the Data Protection Act 1998 (“DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”).
By using the Website you consent to this policy.
Information we collect
We will collect personal data on this website only if it is directly provided to us by you, the user, e.g. your name, email address and telephone number, and therefore has been provided by you with your consent. Normally you will only provide such details if you enquire with us using our contact form.
We also use analytical and statistical tools that monitor details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data (but this data will not identify you personally).
Use, storage and disclosure of your information
We may hold and process personal data that you provide to us in accordance with the DPA and GDPR, but we will not transfer, share, sell, rent or lease your personal data to third parties.
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you, and to meet our contractual commitments to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service;
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale to you;
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service;
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services, similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you;
If you are a new customer, we will only contact you when you have provided consent and only by those means for which you provided consent
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your information to regulatory bodies to enable us to comply with the law and to assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Where we store and transfer your data
As part of the services offered to you, for example through our Website, the information you provide to us may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) as we use remote website server hosts to provide the website and some aspects of our service, which may be based outside of the EEA, or use servers based outside of the EEA – this is generally the nature of data stored in “the Cloud”. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for one of our suppliers, e.g. our website server host, or work for us when temporarily outside of the EEA.
A transfer of your personal data may happen if any of our servers are located in a country outside of the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a country outside of the EEA. If we transfer or store your personal data outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected, as outlined in this privacy policy and in accordance with the DPA and GDPR. If you use our service while you are outside the EEA, your personal data may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with these services.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal data, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We may disclose your personal data outside of our group: (a) in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; and (b) if Freewheelin’s business is bought by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the assets to transfer to the buyer. However any such transfer will only be on terms that the confidentiality of your personal data is protected and that the terms of this privacy policy will continue to be complied with by the recipient.
Otherwise, we will process, disclose or share your personal data only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or legal process served on us or the website.
You have the right to opt out of our processing your personal data for marketing purposes by contacting us at info@freewheelin.co.uk
Security
The transmission of information via the Internet or email is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data while you are transmitting it to our site; any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Third party links
You might find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies, which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our website. By continuing to browse this website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers which we store in your browser or the hard drive of your computer (with your agreement). Cookies contain information which is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
You can find more information about the purposes of the cookies we use below:
WordPress CookiesWordPress is the content management system used by this website. WordPress uses cookies to keep track of logged in users.
WP Security (WordPress security plug-in)WP Security is a security plug-in for WordPress and helps keep the site safe and secure. This plug-in will check you’re a real human visitor and your geographical location.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics allows us to gather statistical information about our visitors (users) and their behaviour on our website. This includes counting the number of visitors, which pages are visited, how visitors find our website and what technologies they use to browse it. In turn, this helps us to improve our website.
Embedded Content (e.g. YouTube videos)Occasionally, the webmaster may embed content from other sites and services into web pages (for example, the video on our home page). When third party services are used like this, they will usually set their own cookies in addition to the cookies listed above.
Social Media SharingTo enable our users to share links to our pages on their own social media channels.
Google ReCAPTCHA (contact form security)We use Google reCAPTCHA security on our contact form to protect from spam and abuse. The service determines whether the query was made by a human being or was the result of misuse, processed automatically by a computer. The service includes sending the IP address to Google and possibly other data if required by Google for reCAPTCHA. Information collected by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy.
Cookie NotificationsIronically, to keep track of whether we have shown you the cookie notification message (and your acceptance), we need to set a cookie.
Controlling and blocking cookies
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
More information
For more information, including how to control and disable cookies, please visit cookiesandyou.com.
Your rights
The DPA and GDPR give you the right to access information held about you by us. Please write to us or contact us by email if you wish to request confirmation of what personal information we hold relating to you. You can write to us at the address detailed in clause 2, above, or by email to info@freewheelin.co.uk There is no charge for requesting that we provide you with details of the personal data that we hold. We will provide this information within one month of your requesting the data.
You have the right to change the permissions that you have given us in relation to how we may use your data. You also have the right to request that we cease using your data or that we delete all personal data records that we hold relating to you. You can exercise these rights at any time by writing to us at the address or email address below.
Changes to this policy
We may update these policies to reflect changes to the website and customer feedback. Please regularly review these policies to be informed of how we are protecting your personal data.
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at The Hub – Freeman Street Market – Grimsby – DN32 7DS or  info@freewheelin.co.uk
Recent postsCromwell ClassicsAugust 17, 2020What is Business Workflow Automation?April 28, 2020One of the top 3 website designers in N.E. Lincolnshire award!December 3, 2019
Go to Top
We use cookies on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are ok with it? Privacy PolicyYep, no worries