http://www.1callservice.com/privacy-policy
972-418-2000
“We had that problem for a month before you fixed it in 1 day!”
Web Design
Dallas Web Development
Web Application Maintenance
E-commerce
Mobile Friendly
SEO
Add A Blog
Portfolio
Logo & Graphic Design
Request a Call
Hosting
Private Cloud Hosting
Custom Website Hosting
Colocation
Server Management
Turn-Key Servers
Quick Online Quote
Online Backup
Preventative Maintenance Plans
Office 365 Email Migration Support Company
Lease A Server
Maintenance
IT Strategy
Backups
Security
Windows 7-8-10
Network & PC Services
1 Call Plus
Custom Plans
Time Blocks
Quick Online Quote
Support
e-mail issues
Spam Filtering
Server
PC Repair
Website Maintenance Service
QuickBooks
Virus-Trojan
Data Recovery
Windows 7-8-10
IP Address
IP Conflict
Contact Us
Why 1 Call?
Business For Sale
Dallas IT Support Jobs
Username:
Password:
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 15, 2020
Respecting Your Privacy
Nothing ticks us off more than to submit information and all of a sudden we start getting ads for strange products etc…   Your privacy is important to us!
At 1 Call Service privacy is a priority for you and we are committed to protecting your privacy online. This plain English Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines steps we take to assure that you benefit by using our Website and signing up for emails and offers we may participate in and also provides details on how we treat any personal information you submit to us. Contact us with any questions.
This Policy applies to this website, 1CallService.com, as well as other domain names that point to 1CallService.com including new sites and web pages that may be added from time to time which are not specifically listed in this Policy (collectively, the “Website” or “Websites”). Please note that this Policy applies  to Websites maintained by 1 Call Service, LLC,, a private organization, (also referred to as the “Organization” “Company,” “we, “us” or “our”) and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.
By using the Website, you agree to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Website We reserve the right to change this Policy without prior notice. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated date. Any changes to Policies become effective upon posting the revised Policies on the Website. Continued use of the Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.
On May 25th 2018 the GDPR, General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation 2016/679), an EU regulation that’s created to enhance your privacy rights, comes into force.  We have made efforts to be in compliance for our foreign clients.
Information Collection and Use
We may collect and use personal information about you to respond to your request for products and/or services offered through the Website. We are not in the business of selling names to third parties. We may collect information in order to notify you by email about products, service information, outage reports, services, and other opportunities we think will be of interest to you. The information we collect may be from the following sources:
Information provided by you.
Information provided by you in connection with obtaining a certain product or service offered by one our business partners and sponsors.
Information you provide us when you register to receive communications from us (such as your email address).
Information you provide when you enter promotions or sweepstakes and we buy the list. If 1 Call Service, LLC, has a sweepstake offer we will not sell the list of resulting names.
Information you provide us through telephone and web-based surveys, customer service correspondence, and general feedback.
Information you provide when you apply for a job.
We may collect demographic and other information. Demographic information is information such as, zip code, gender, interests, or any information that is not tied to your personal information. In addition, we might receive information about you from other online or offline sources and may add that information to your existing account and/or to the personal or other information you provide.
When you visit the Website, we may also collect non-personal information such as a catalog of the Website pages you visit. Non-personal information is generally collected through the Website from the following sources: server log files, environmental variables, cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies and information that you voluntarily provide.
Server Log Files. Your Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the Internet Service Provider (ISP) network that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Website.
Environmental Variables. Your computer generally published information such as computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version Internet browser, and Internet browser version. These environmental variables are collected by most browsers, and can be used to optimize your experience on the Website.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. To serve you faster and with better quality, we and our service providers may use “cookies” or similar technologies on the Website. Cookies are small bits of code,  stored on a user’s computer hard drive, which enable a website to ” personalize” itself for each user. Cookies are an industry standard used by many websites.
Pixel Tags. We and our service providers may also use so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively “Pixel Tags”) in connection with Website pages and HTML-formatted email messages. Pixel Tags allow Websites to count visitors of certain pages of a Website, to deliver branded services, to provide online advertising, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened.
Information That You Voluntarily Provide. We also collect non personal information (such as your geographic location, etc.) when you voluntarily provide such information to us. When such information is not combined with any personal information, such information is considered to be non-personal information, as it does not personally identify you or any other user. Additionally, we may aggregate personal information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Website, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of our users who are in a particular area. Such aggregated information is considered non-personal information for purposes of this Policy. Please note that if we combine any non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined.
Company accounts – A company may operate several accounts, each account may only be used by one employee and may not be shared.
16 years or older – From the 26th of May only those 16 years or older can use 1 call Service.com, DFW Marketing, Dallas Colocation or affiliated sites and services.  We are business oriented so this has never been an issue.
ID verification – We don’t require ID verification for all users, but in some situations you may be asked to verify your ID with us.
It is our top-most priority to ensure that our websites and services are safe and that no one is able to use our service for unlawful activities. Most fraud on stems from users being subjected to malware or ransomware. We believe that taking a strict stance in this regard is in the interest of our users and important for our brand as a trustworthy marketplace.
Unauthorized access – If someone hacks your account we may require you to ID verify as part of the account recovery process.
Fraud investigations – If your account is reported for fraud along comprehensive evidence we may ask you to complete ID verification as part of the investigation.
Account recovery – If you’ve lost all access to your account we may ask you to complete ID verification as part of the account recovery process. If your account is NOT ID verified we cannot guarantee that we can return access if you’ve forgotten your password and you no longer have access to your email, even if your life savings are in your account.
Bitcoin trading – We added a new section that details your obligations when taking part in bitcoin trades.  You are responsible for your currency transactions.
Unresponsive to support requests – During a dispute you can be asked by our support team to provide evidence. If you do not reply within 12 hours and provide the requested evidence, the dispute may be resolved against you.
Account suspension & wallet limitation – To fight fraud, spammers, viruses and to protect your users accounts, it is sometimes necessary to suspend or limit access to data and resources. We may use various forms of encryption to protect our interests on any matter to achieve compliance with our policies.
The three most common situations when we suspend accounts:
We identified that your account is accessed by third party. We suspend the account to limit the damage a hacker can do.
Another user has reported fraudulent activity with significant proof. We suspend accounts that are reported for fraud to prevent further fraud issues.
You have previously had an account banned or are out of compliance with payment requirements.
Users who are suspended are asked to contact us, unless we’ve already contacted the user, in order for us to investigate the suspension. We remove account suspensions as soon as the reasons for the suspension no longer exist.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We share personal information about you under the following circumstances:
When the law requires sharing.
Products or Service Requests – When submitting a request for a product and/or service offered through the Website, you will be asked to provide certain personal information such as your first and last names, address telephone numbers, and email address etc… For a complete list of the Company’s licenses and disclosures, please contact us.
Subsidiaries, Parent or Sister Companies – We may share personal statistics and demographic information that we collect about you with our sponsors or affiliated service providers.
Business Partners – In addition, other services that may be offered through the Website or related web pages, such as the processing of cell phone and internet product requests, may be operated by third-party business partners to help us complete requests. In all instances where the service is operated by a third-party business partner, if you choose to submit information to that third party the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy and we will make effort to help assure you know about providing information to third parties and not to 1 Call Service,  This will usually be clear because the Website address will not be a 1CallService.com address in your browser.
Suppliers – We sometimes disclose information we collect to companies that operate various services for us such as providing certain product functionalities such as our hosting company. These vendors with whom we have contracted have access to personal information needed to perform their functions or to complete the transaction you requested.
Business Transfer – As with any other business, it is possible that the Company in the future could change, merge with or be acquired. If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to the information maintained by the Website, including your personal information customer and business account information.
Advertising on the website and Third-Party Ad Servers
You may receive advertisements for the Company from third parties. For instance, when visiting a third-party website, you may receive a “pop up window advertising 1 Call Service. Please note that such advertisements are served by the third-party website that you have visited and are not controlled by 1 Call Service. In addition, advertisements may be placed by third-party ad servers or ad networks such as Google, AOL, Yahoo, Double Click, etc.. These companies may employ Cookies and action tags or Pixel Tags to measure advertising effectiveness You may find more information at the website of either the individual ad network or the Network Advertising Initiative.
Offering Choices
Upon registering to use our service or by accessing our websites, we may periodically send you newsletters and other emails with new offers, products and promotions. These emails may contain public service Announcements, offers and/or promotions from 1 Call Service, Subsidiaries, Parent or Sister Companies, affiliates or other third parties that we think might be of interest to you. You have options with respect to these marketing emails. If you do not wish to receive these emails you may opt out:
Follow the instructions located in the email you receive to unsubscribe from future emails.
Send an email in which you state your request not receive marketing emails.
Use the contact us form and enter your email address to unsubscribe.
Third Party Advertisers
Please note that the Company can only control its own mailing list and policies Third-party advertisers maintain their own systems and may send communications that advertise our services. If you receive emails from third-party advertisers that contain advertisements or promotional offers for 1 Call Service, or its Subsidiaries, Parent or Sister Companies, you may need to contact these parties directly, or follow the unsubscribe instructions in their emails in order to stop receiving their email communications.
Security
The security of your personal information is very important and we take a number of steps to safeguard it.
We limit access to personal information.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard personal information.
Children’s Privacy
1 Call Service, provides information and services. You must be at least 16 years old to use the Website. This Website is not directed to individuals under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years of age, you can use the services offered on the Website only in conjunction with a parent or guardian.
Warrantees
We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction for any purpose.  We make no warrantees.  Any products or services may have their own warrantees outside the control of 1 Call Service,.  Anything provided is as is where is with no guarantees unless stated by the manufacturer.  You accept this and hold 1 Call Service, LLC, harmless.  Most products and services have a variety of inherent risks. You could get bumped, cut, bruised, electrically shocked etc…  You assume all risks.
Removal Of Your Information
We will remove your information upon request.  Some Federal and state regulations may require that we maintain all information (including your personal information) submitted through the Website for various time periods in which we will comply to our best ability.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Privacy Policies, you may contact us via email or contact us forms.
Changes to Policies
The Company may update or modify Policies from time to time. If there are material changes in how the Company will use your personal information, we will post such changes. You will be notified if possible  about any of the material changes affecting the use of your personal information and may be asked to opt-in for continued use of the website and to the use of personal information. If you do not agree with the changes to how your information will be used, please do not continue to use the Website.
By using the Website, you signify your acceptance of the Privacy Policies and the use of your personal information as outlined. If you do not agree, you do not have to use or visit the website.
We sincerely hope you understand everything on the website is intended for mutual benefit and designed to help fulfill your business  goals.  Your 1 Call Service Team!
1 Call Service is a federally registered trademark, all rights reserved.
How can we help you today? Please call 972-418-2000
Search
Search Engine Marketing
Go to market business plans have changed. Do you want a better business? Get proven marketing on Google, Yahoo, Bing and online blogs!
Copyright © 2010 - 2020 1 Call Service, Security Driven Solutions Since 1994 All Rights Reserved. 1 Call Service is a Federally Registered Trademark.
We understand you do not want to call 10 or 15 times to get something done, you just want 1 Call Service!
ICANN Registrant's Benefits and Responsibilities
ICANN Registrant Education
Follow us on twitterLink us on LinkedIn
Privacy PolicyDMCA Policy