http://www.proximasoftware.com/privacy-policy
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Proxima Software has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. The policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web site, located at http://www.proximasoftware.com.
Collecting Information: Generally, we do not collect any personally identifiable information from individuals unless specifically provided by the individual. For example, when you request information regarding our products, promotions or warranties, you voluntarily provide your name, company, contact address, e-mail address and type of Proxima Software products and supporting equipment you own or use. Occasionally you may be asked to provide additional information regarding such things as your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences so that we may better understand your needs and continue to improve our products and services to you.
We may also collect and store statistics and other information about the online activities of our visitors on an aggregate basis.
We do not intend to obtain any personal information from minors. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide us with any personal information.
Using Information: Though we have the utmost respect for your privacy, any communication or material you transmit to the site by electronic mail or otherwise, is and will be treated as, nonconfidential and nonproprietary. As a general rule, we will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information and will not disclose your personally identifiable information to others except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. We use your personal information primarily to fulfill purchases, to track compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use, for research purposes or for marketing and promotional purposes. We may also share such information with our advertisers, business partners or other affiliates.
Contacting You: Occasionally we may send you email communications to provide information or offers that we think you will find useful. You can choose not to receive future emails from us. If you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please
enter your email address in our
Contact form on our website and type a note: Remove from mailing list. However, to the extent that corrected or deleted information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will immediately reach the other databases. Please be aware that we may occasionally contact you for administrative purposes even if you unsubscribe from our mail list.
Cookies: This site may employ cookies to better serve you. Advertising networks that serve ads onto our site may also use their own cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies may save information such as your page preferences. By saving this information, cookies make your Web-surfing easier as well as giving us data regarding which areas of the site are popular, and which are not. This data may be used to effectively improve our site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that parts of our site will not function properly if you do so.
In some cases we may track or collect information about your use of our site by the numeric address assigned to the computer you are using (your IP address) or by the URLs that you come from or leave to. These methods also allow us to resolve server problems or administer our site. Generally, we do not associate this information with any other personally identifiable information that you may have provided to us.
Third Party Links: We provide third-party links for your convenience only. These third party sites may send their own cookies to you, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information from you. You follow the third-party links posted on our site at your own risk. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for privacy or other issues associated with any sites you may link to through our site.
Security: We use industry standard efforts (such as a secure sockets or secure socket layer where appropriate) to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Limits on Our Abilities: Although your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal and technical environment, we cannot ensure that your personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties in ways not described in this policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries or problems.
NOTICE: By using this site, you signify your assent to the Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to the policy's will mean you accept those changes. Please contact us if you have any further questions or concerns regarding our Online Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding the contents contained in the Online Privacy Policy, please send us an e-mail
using our
Contact form on our website.