http://www.guthcad.com/privacy.htm
guthrie CAD::GIS software
Pty Ltd
GuthCAD's Privacy Policy
Guthrie CAD/GIS Software, Pty Ltd. "GuthCAD" is committed to
protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains our privacy practices
for our sites www.guthcad.com and www.guthcad.com.au "the sites"
on the World Wide Web. Across our business, we will only collect, store
and use your personal information for defined purposes. We do not distribute
or share your personal information beyond what is strictly necessary to
fulfill our obligations to you. GuthCAD will not, under any circumstances,
rent, sell or give your personal information to any third parties; and
it will only be used by GuthCAD to send replies to your email or messages
related to the topic of the mailing list you joined.
GuthCAD does not collect any personally identifiable information about
you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address from users of
this web site without your knowledge. You can join mailing lists to be
notified about specific things or send email requesting help.
GuthCAD lets you visit the site without revealing any personal information
about yourself. We will ask you when we need information that personally
identifies you. GuthCAD will only use your Personally Identifiable Information
if you have given us permission to do so. GuthCAD uses your information
to support or enhance our relationship with you, for example, to process
a purchase, and provide customer service and support. If you opt-in to
our mailing program, GuthCAD will very rarely share product, service, and
GuthCAD news and offerings with you. This is an opt-in service, and GuthCAD
will not e-mail you without your consent except to perform maintenance
or updates on your software.
By using this site or any services provided through the site, you expressly consent to the
use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Statement.
What information does GuthCAD gather?
GuthCAD collects information that can be divided into the following categories: Software Product Purchase and Registration: When a customer purchases any of GuthCAD's products, we collect and store some or all of the following information; name, address, telephone number, and email address. We use this information to send you communications, including product updates, new product/services news, informative newsletters, and special offers. GuthCAD keeps your Personally Identifiable Information confidential and does not rent, sell, trade or exchange mailing lists with any organization. GuthCAD maintains this information and will only disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties if acting under good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to legal requirements; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of GuthCAD; or (3) enforce the GuthCAD Terms of Service Agreement.
All credit card information is submitted over a secure server and encrypted using the latest SSL encryption before transit. No credit card data is stored in GuthCAD's Customer Database. All individual contact information provided to GuthCAD is stored in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only. Information can only be accessed through a series of access-control procedures. All GuthCAD employees are briefed about the company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The GuthCAD web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing.
Contact Us
Technical Support: If you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary
to respond to your request such as your name, email address, telephone number, and information about your computer hardware, software, and the nature of the problem you are experiencing.
Sales Support: If you request sales support online, we will ask you for information necessary to
respond to your request such as your name, email address, and information about your purchase invoice
number, the product you ordered, and the nature of your request.
How is this information used?
GuthCAD uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with the best possible service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, provide you with technical support, update you on services, benefits, and upgrades, and to manage and renew user licenses. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not stored in our customer database.
GuthCAD has an opt-in newsletter service for all customers who wish to
periodically receive relevant information. We do not send unsolicited email.
When a customer purchases or registers a product online, they are given
the opportunity to opt-in to our e-mail services. To be removed from our
email list, click on the "unsubscribe" link in the body of the
email and enter the email address to be removed. We will then update our
database, and no further email will be sent to the email address.
Cookies
GuthCAD does not use "cookies" or other methods to track your usage of this web site.
Log Files
GuthCAD gathers general information about visits to our web site. This
information includes the number of total visits to our web site, and which
browser is used to view our web site (including the version number). This
data does not contain any Personally Identifiable Information. GuthCAD
uses this information to understand traffic and downloads on our web site,
enabling us to improve the site, provide the best online experience possible,
and improve our ability to serve our customers.
Email, Choice, and Opt-out
With your permission, GuthCAD will very rarely send you communication,
including informative emails/newsletters about product upgrades, new products,
and services. Users may choose not to participate in our communication
program during the registration process. Users who no longer wish to receive
GuthCAD communications may "unsubscribe" from our mailing program
at any time in the following ways:
By clicking on the auto-unsubscribe link included in each email
By replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in each email
By sending email to us at GuthCAD support
By Postal Mail at:
ATTN: Unsubscribe
Guthrie CAD/GIS Software
PO Box 261 Gumeracha SA 5233 Australia
Correction or Removal of Information
Users can correct out-of-date information, update information, remove information,
or to review any information previously provided to GuthCAD by sending
an email to GuthCAD support or calling our office during normal business hours. When contacting customer service, we will attempt to verify identification through the use of security questions before sharing any Personally Identifiable Information as it appears in our Customer Database. When emailing, please include as much information as possible to help us find your customer record. It is important to remember that completely removing your customer record leaves GuthCAD Customer/Technical Support no way to verify purchases, and may make it difficult for users to receive support and upgrades.
Security Procedures
All credit card information is submitted over a secure server and encrypted
using the latest SSL encryption before transit. No credit card data is
stored in GuthCAD's Customer Database. All individual contact information
provided to GuthCAD is stored in secure facilities that limit access to
authorized personnel only. Information can only be accessed through a series
of access-control procedures. All GuthCAD employees are briefed about the
company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The GuthCAD
web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information
collected is secure from unauthorized viewing.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using the web site or any services provided through the web site, you expressly consent to the use and
disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Notification of Changes
If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will post a prominent notice on our web site
so our users are aware of the changes in what information we collect, how we use it, and/or under what
circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information
in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by email. Users
will have a choice as to whether or not we use their previously submitted information in this different
manner. Users may choose to have their information used in accordance with the privacy policy under which
the information was collected.
Contact Us
- Trademarks