http://www.obsidium.de/show/privacy/en
Home
Details
Download
Purchase
Licensing SDK
Contact
Forum
News
Privacy Policy
Obsidium 1.7 has been released
Also available: Cross-platform licensing library (Windows, Linux, MacOS, x86 and x64)
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and customers.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and customers; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Obsidium Software.
How we use your personal data
In this Section we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data are automatically created web server log files. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing are our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process your account data ("account data"), specifically in relation to the support forum. The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is are our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"), specifically the support forum. The profile data may include your name, email address, profile pictures, and other data you provide. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing are our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information that you post for publication on our website (more specifically, the support forum) ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing are our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment services providers, 2Checkout. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at
https://www.2checkout.com/legal/privacy/
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of a fee; and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal.
© 2020 Obsidium Software. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy