https://www.element74.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Element 74
Home
Services
Solutions
Our Work
About Us
Get Support
What is your Primary Goal?
Improve your company's digital image
Reach more customers online
Have one program to run your entire business
Testimonials
Contact Us
Blog
Meet Our Team
Join Our Team
1-573-332-7474
1-573-332-7474
info@element74.com
Start a Project
Privacy Policy
We believe that when you equip strong organizations with strong websites, you have the power to change the community.
Effective Date: September 26, 2018
Element 74 (“Element 74, L.L.C” “Element 74” “E74” “we” or “us”) cares about your privacy and the security of your information. This Privacy Statement describes how we process the Personal Information (as defined below) we collect in connection with your use of the Element 74 website (www.element74.com, the “Site”).
Personal Information We Process *
“Personal Information” refers to information that can be used to identify you. We process the following categories of Personal Information:
Contact information, such as your name, home address, email address, and phone number;
Technical information, such as data collected about your interaction with the Site and email communications;
Financial information, such as payment card and related information (through third parties who collect and process* your financial information on our behalf);
Identification or background information, provided by you as part of your interactions with us; and
Any other information that you provide that can be used to identify you.
*”process” is a defined term under data protection laws. It essentially means anything that is done with data. For example, processing includes collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
We collect your Personal Information from:
Direct interactions, such as when you express interest in learning more or joining our organization, sign up for our newsletter, comment on our blog, participate in surveys or questionnaires, or otherwise engage with us;
Cookies and automated technologies, such as when you interact with the Site or click on links on our emails;
Through social media, such as if you link to social media platforms or use social media plug-ins, we may (depending on your user privacy settings on that social media platform) automatically receive information about you from that social media platform.
In addition to Personal Information, we may collect other information about how you use the Site that alone cannot be generally used to identify you. For example, we may collect your browser, device, and operating system information. If any of this information can be used to identify you because, for example, we link it to your Personal Information, we will treat such information as Personal Information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the Personal Information and other information we collect through the Site for a number of purposes, including to:
Respond to your inquiries and requests that you submit through the Site;
Provide you with information, feedback, and other promotional and administrative communications about Element 74 and the Site;
Sign up for free materials and to deliver those materials;
Personalize the look and feel of the Site and our communications with you; and
Improve the services we offer by, for example, asking that you complete a survey.
If we intend to use your Personal Information for purposes other than described above, we will notify you of those purposes and ask for your permission to use it for those purposes.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We will share your Personal Information within Element 74, at your direction, as disclosed to you at the time of collection, or in the following circumstances:
Service Providers: We may provide your Personal Information to service providers that help us run and manage our organization. These service providers process your Personal Information solely on our behalf. Our categories of service providers include: technology service providers, analytics services providers, marketing service providers, and credit card processors.
As Required By Law: We may disclose your Personal Information if we determine that the disclosure is necessary: (i) to comply with any law applicable to us, a request from law enforcement, a regulatory agency, or other legal process; (ii) to protect the legitimate rights, privacy, property, interests or safety of Element 74, our partners, personnel, or the general public; (iv) to pursue available remedies or limit damages; (v) to enforce our Terms of Use; or (vi) to respond to an emergency.
We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. We reserve the right to share aggregated or anonymized Personal Information with third parties for any lawful purpose.
Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons, and other data collection technologies to help us understand our visitors and improve our Site and the services we offer. “Cookies” are small, often encrypted text files that contain small amounts of information that are stored on your device’s browser directory. Cookies help us track usage behavior so that we can tailor information to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful. For example, we use Google Analytics to collect information about how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit when they do, and what other websites they used prior to coming to this Site. For more information about Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site, please see the Google Analytics Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.
Controlling Cookies: You can control cookies by changing your browser preferences to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the Site. To find more information about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our Policy on Do Not Track Signals: Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked. If a website that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser’s user. Many websites and applications, including our Site, do not currently respond to web browser DNT signals because such signals are not yet uniform. For more information about DNT signals, please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Third Party Website and Services
The Site may contain links to other websites and services not owned or operated by Element 74, including links to news media other third parties. We are not responsible for the information collection practices or the content of these third party websites or services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third party prior to sharing your Personal Information with them.
Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect your Personal Information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us through the Site. Please use caution when submitting sensitive information to us, and take reasonable steps to keep your Personal Information confidential.
Marketing
If you do not wish to receive marketing-related emails from us, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email, or email us using the information in the section “Contact Us.” Please note that even if we stop sending you marketing communications, you may still receive administrative, legal, and other important communications from us.
Your Rights
You may access and modify the Personal Information we maintain about you by contacting us using the contact information below. We will respond to your inquiry within a reasonable timeframe.
Note to International Users
The Personal Information we collect through or on the Site is stored on servers located in the United States. The laws of the United States may differ from the laws in your home country. By using this Site, you acknowledge that your Personal information will be processed in the United States consisted with United States law and this Privacy Statement.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The Effective Date of this Privacy Statement is set forth at the top of this page. If we materially change the way we collect, use or disclose your Personal Information, we will notify you in advance by email and/or by placing a prominent notice on this Site. The amended Privacy Statement supersedes all previous versions.
Contact Us
We welcome your questions and comments about this Privacy Statement or how we process your Personal Information. Please contact us using the information below and we will respond to you as soon as reasonably possible.
Element 74
Phone: 573-332-7474
info@element74.com
We can help transform your business
If you’re ready to grow your business with a smart, new digital strategy, we can help.
Tell Us About Your Project
1-573-332-7474
1-573-332-7474
info@element74.comPrivacy PolicyVisit Red Letter
© 2020 ELEMENT 74 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED