https://www.connectinternetsolutions.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
We use cookies to ensure that we provide you with the best possible experience on our website. More information on the cookies we set can be found in our privacy policy.
I'm okay with this
Please visit our latest blog post for more information on our response to COVID-19.
Home
About
Services
Projects
Awards
G-Cloud
Blog
Contact
Twitter
Facebook
Google Plus
Linkedin
The following policy details our privacy practices and how your personal data is collected, processed, stored and shared when you visit https://www.connectinternetsolutions.com/.
Connect Internet Solutions Limited takes your privacy seriously and data will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation.
You have the right to withdraw consent to the processing of your data at any time, and the methods for you to do so will be explained in this policy.
Should we amend this policy for any reason, changes will be posted here so that you are informed about the collection and use of your data.
The personal data we collect about you
When you visit this website, we collect certain information about you, including information about your device, web browser, time zone and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the website, we collect information about the pages that you view, what websites or search terms referred you and information about how you interact with the site.
This information is used to measure the effectiveness of the website and the number of visitors it receives.
We collect this information using the following technologies:
Log files – These files track actions occurring on the site and collect data including your internet protocol address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages and date/time stamps.
Cookies – A cookie is a small file that is downloaded to your device when you visit a website and often includes an anonymous unique identifier. A cookie can only be retrieved and read by the server that set it to collect information from your visit. For more information about cookies, visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
You have the ability to accept or reject all cookies by setting your preference in the cookie notification banner on this website, or by changing the settings in your browser.
The following cookies are used on this website:
Cookie
Purpose
Duration
_ga
(Google Analytics)
Used to distinguish users and establish if they have visited before.
2 years from set/update
_gid
(Google Analytics)
Used to distinguish users and establish if they have visited before.
24 hours from set/update
_gat
(Google Analytics)
Used to manage the rate at which page view requests are made.
10 minutes from set/update
Information shared with Google Analytics is processed in a way which does not identify individuals. Data shared with Google Analytics is retained for 24 months.
When you complete a form on our website, including “Get in touch”, “Download our Hivetalk brochure” or “Request a demo”, we collect personal data, including your name and email address. We collect this information to enable a dialogue with visitors.
How is personal data stored?
We store data on secure servers in the United Kingdom. We control how, why and who can access data. All of our employees who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of visitors’ data.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received, to ensure it is not lost, misused, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Personal data will not be disclosed unless we are required to do so by law or other regulation.
In the event of a data breach, we will report the information available to us to the Information Commissioner’s Officer within 72 hours, where applicable. If the breach results in a high risk of adversely affecting individuals’ rights and freedoms, we will inform those individuals without delay.
We have robust breach detection, investigation and internal reporting procedures in place, and we regularly review our security arrangements.
How long is personal data retained for?
Personal data is retained for 12 months months. After which, it is securely erased from our servers.
Is personal data shared?
Analytics data may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), including to the United States of America as per our appointments with third party data processor, Google Analytics. The third party that we have appointed is GDPR and Privacy Shield compliant.
How can I amend, update or seek the erasure of my personal data?
You have the right to access, update or seek the erasure of personal data we hold on you. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact Peter Morgan via email at info@connectinternetsolutions.com or via telephone on +44 (0) 151 282 4321. Alternatively, you can write to us at 47 North John Street, New Barratt House (3rd Floor), Liverpool, Merseyside, L2 6SG.
We will respond to access requests within one month of receipt.
Links on this website
When you click on links on this website, they may direct you away to other services. We are not responsible for the practices of other websites and encourage you to read their privacy statements in full upon arrival. This policy applies solely to information collected on https://www.connectinternetsolutions.com/.
Data relating to children and age restrictions
We do not collect personal or special category data relating to children. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Contacting Connect Internet Solutions Ltd
If you have a privacy concern, would like to make an access request or file a complaint, please contact:
Data Protection Officer
Address: 47 North John Street, New Barratt House (3rd Floor), Liverpool, Merseyside, L2 6SG
Telephone: +44 (0) 151 282 4321
Email: info@connectinternetsolutions.com
We will only use the personal data we collect to process the enquiry and to check on the level of service we provide.
Let's connect
0151 282 4321
info@connectinternetsolutions.com
Call us: 0151 282 4321
Email us: info@connectinternetsolutions.com
Start your project now
Share on TwitterFacebookGoogle+LinkedIn
incorporate
season