http://www.dvs.de/us/general-information/statement-of-privacy_101515.html
Looks like you're from the United States.
Home
Solutions
Broadcast and media
Overview
Broadcast and Media solutions from Rohde & Schwarz
Products designed to work together, solutions made to solve problems.
Creating solutions using Rohde & Schwarz products can help solve issues in many areas of today’s broadcasting and media world. We focus on performance, interoperability and openness in our development efforts because we believe that's the best way to enable our customers, in the most cost-efficient and operationally effective manner, to create solutions that include our products. Read on to learn how our products can be combined to yield flexible, capable and forward-thinking solutions for your business.
Our solutions
Studio Production
Production environments are highly dynamic workplaces. Rohde & Schwarz has many years of experience in manufacturing solutions for demanding, high-performance, high-quality studios. Read more to learn how our products are ready for today and built for tomorrow.
More information
Post Production
The creativity that goes into your content shouldn’t be devalued on its way to the customer. That’s why Rohde & Schwarz post production systems offer the speed, reliability and quality to match your expectations. With content values rising, we offer mastering and media storage solutions that bring business security and high performance to your post production workflows.
More information
Delivery
Pixel Power, a Rohde & Schwarz company, is a master control playout company dedicated to the goal of continually improving our customers' ability to enhance and monetise the media delivery experience. Whatever the scale or complexity of your system, we have everything to make it a creative, technical and financial success.
More information
Distribution
Delivering content to customers is an important monetization step for the media business. Reliability, efficiency and robustness are key ingredients to ensure customer satisfaction and quality of experience. With decades of experience in wired and wireless delivery systems and media signal monitoring combined with growing capabilities in new delivery systems such as 5G Broadcast, Rohde & Schwarz can help with your distribution challenges.
More information
Test and measurement for broadcasting
Rohde & Schwarz T&M solutions help ensure reliable installation and maintenance of infrastructures for terrestrial and wired distribution of media content. Rohde & Schwarz broadcast receivers can help you comply with broadcast regulations and ensure the reliability, quality and efficiency of your infrastructures.
More information
Be part of our show with SHOWTIME Rohde & Schwarz!
Talk to our experts, join webinars and walk on our virtual booth – all in one place.
More information
News
Press Release
07-Dec-2020
Rohde & Schwarz Launches Tx9 and Tx9evo transmitters for 5G Broadcast / Multicast
R&S®Tx9 and Tx9evo transmitters build on Rohde & Schwarz’s market leading pedigree in digital transmission to provide a reliable and cost-effective pathway to a new world of 5G Broadcast & Multicast business opportunities.
Read More
Press Release
02-Dec-2020
Rohde & Schwarz introduces enhanced 5G broadcast server and control center
Having pioneered 5G Broadcast / Multicast in many countries, Rohde & Schwarz has launched version 2.0 of its Broadcast Service & Control Center The R&S®BSCC2.0 enables many new mobile business models from venue casting to multimedia streaming on demand, live casting & live commerce.
Read More
Press Release
25-Nov-2020
Rohde & Schwarz CLIPSTER used to master Oscar winning Parasite
Korean film industry tech pioneer, Dexter Studios, works on collaborations with movie financiers and distributors for joint development, including this year’s Oscar winner for ‘Best Movie’ – Parasite. This cutting edge production facility has placed R&S®CLIPSTER at the heart of its digital intermediary (DI) mastering workflows.
Read More
Insights and Stories
Welcome to Rohde & Schwarz: let Showtime begin!
Normally we would meet you face to face at tradeshows around the world, but since that’s not possible this year Rhode & Schwarz has created its very own SHOWTIME.
Read more
DTVE VideoTech Innovation Awards
In mid-October, Digital TV Europe (DTVE), creator of the VideoTech Innovation Awards announced that Rohde & Schwarz has been shortlisted for its Sustainability Award. The shortlisting relates to R&S transmitter products, especially associated with the US Repack initiative – read more here.
Read more
SpycerNode - unleash the beast in your media storage
Back IBC 2018, Rohde & Schwarz introduced a revolutionary new concept in broadcast media storage. SpycerNode pioneers the use of super-computer technology in the media storage space bringing massive fully redundant processing power to the broadcast media challenge but what are the advantages of employing SpycerNode in a studio production environment and why should people in broadcast buy it?
Read more
From heavy iron to software clouds
Without doubt, Rohde & Schwarz has missed attending IBC this year. It is a high-water mark of our year: an opportunity to meet face-to-face with many of our most important customers and demonstrate what is new and exciting in our company.
Read more
Rohde & Schwarz launches SHOWTIME to engage one-to-one with customers in the absence of major tradeshows
Following the cancellation of NAB and IBC, Rohde & Schwarz has launched SHOWTIME, a virtual sales & marketing initiative that provides new and different approaches to customer engagement.
Read more
Rohde & Schwarz transmitters - from DAB to 5G and beyond
IBC is a highlight every year for Rohde & Schwarz since it provides a fantastic opportunity for us to meet and spend time face-to-face with our customers. But even without IBC, business still goes on. Here, Manfred Reitmeier talks through some of the highlights that we would have announced in Amsterdam.
Read more
Rohde & Schwarz & Digita Complete Multi-Million Euro DVB-T2 Terrestrial Transmission Network Upgrade in Finland
Supplying an 80+ network of DVB-T2 transmitters across Finland gives Rohde & Schwarz high market share for High and Medium power TV transmitters in the country. Also, a simultaneous 5G Broadcast pilot demonstrates the power and potency of R&S High Power, High Tower transmitter technology.
Read more
What can we learn from lockdown?
We live in uncertain times. But can lockdown encourage positive change and embolden progressive mindsets? Cornelius Heinemann, Executive Vice President at Rohde & Schwarz sees opportunities for the company to grow and evolve.
Read more
Rohde & Schwarz highlights power and sophistication of solid-state satellite amplifiers
Rohde & Schwarz is a company that has pioneering research & development running throughout its DNA. In days where companies increasingly think short-term – how are we going to get through the next quarter, for example – Rohde & Schwarz bucks that trend. If the goal is worthwhile, Rohde & Schwarz will invest many man (and woman) years of R&D in the development of new concepts.
Read more
Case Studies
R&S®PRISMON plays invaluable role in PBS cloud encoding, playout evaluation
American public broadcaster PBS relies on R&S®PRISMON for a multitude of monitoring tasks like verifying encoding quality in the cloud, monitoring latency between cloud and on-premise signals and many more.
Download now
New World Symphony deploys the R&S®SpycerNode to satisfy its massive storage requirements
Miami based New World Symphony (NWS) is recognized around the world for training the next generation of musicians for leadership roles in professional orchestras and ensembles, but what’s less well-known yet equally impressive is the institution’s recently unveiled 4K Ultra-HD production, recording and presentation system.
Download now
New state-of-the-art production centre for SRF with virtualized multiviewers
A revolutionary News and Sports Centre for SRF is the most ambitious project that SRF and tpc have embarked on for decades. R&S®PRISMON multiviewer supports the project.
Download now
Cinelab’s long-term investment in R&S CLIPSTER
Rohde & Schwarz supports Cinelab London’s team of film specialists, who are known for excellent service and quality of work, committed to producing best quality images.
Download now
R&S®CLIPSTER helps Elite Media Technologies to adopt IMF
The company deploys R&S®CLIPSTER as a complete mastering solution for all post-production needs - including the creation of IMF packages
Download now
Molinare – the leading UK supplier of postproduction solutions
Whether it be UHD and HDR projects for Netflix and Amazon,feature films, high-end TV dramas and documentaries or factual entertainment, Molinare’s creative excellence is visible and audible in every project. This has been recognized with multiple Emmy, BAFTA and RTS awards and nominations...Click on "Download now" to read the full case study.
Download now
Saving the past with a Rohde & Schwarz storage solution
R3store Studios and 3el.com use R&S®SpycerBox Ultra TL devices, which have proved to be a reliable, robust and fast storage and client serving solution.
Download now
Digitizing cultural assets with R&S®CLIPSTER
Saving historical film documents is the challenge being tackled by Studio Hamburg Postproduction. Now it’s up to R&S®CLIPSTER to safeguard priceless cultural assets.
Download now
Mission-critical mastering with R&S®CLIPSTER
Motion Pictures Solution needs to work with the latest technologies to address the numerous market demands for HDR and SDR deliverables. They decided for R&S®CLIPSTER.
Download now
Rohde & Schwarz aquires PixelPower Limited
Rohde & Schwarz has acquired Pixel Power Ltd., a technology leader in television branding, graphics, automation, master control and playout. With this acquisition Rohde & Schwarz is executing its plan to expand further in broadcast playout while taking ownership of a company with significant technological leader- ship. The subsidiary will be renamed "Pixel Power Ltd. - A Rohde & Schwarz Company".
More information
R&S CLIPSTER supports EBU UHD tests at European Championships 2018
The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) will be leading trials with several EBU members and industry partners of production workflows to shoot, process, record, and distribute live Ultra High Definition (UHD) content.
More information
Making work flow at The Farm post production services
The Farm Group recently invested in R&S®SpycerBox storage solutions and R&S®CLIPSTER mastering systems to meet the rising demand for UHD and HDR post work.
Download now
R&S®CLIPSTER mastering solution puts the sparkle into world premieres at Berlinale
The Berlinale is the meeting place for international filmmakers. And the technology solutions used there must meet their high standards. Read our case study how R&S®CLIPSTER records and creates DCPs on time.
Download now
Pinewood Studios in London relies on Rohde & Schwarz products
The versatile, reliable, high-performance R&S®SpycerBoxes from Rohde & Schwarz give Pinewood a range of ingest and storage solutions that meet their exacting needs.
Download now
Rohde & Schwarz – top technology over many years for ARRI Media
As a full post production service provider with the concept of a one stop shop, it is vitally important for ARRI Media to use reliable, endurable, state-of-the-art technology to meet the high expectations of their customers...Click on "Download now" to read the full case study.
Download now
Premium content
Radio transmission with HD Sync feature
Read the white paper about the new HD SYNC feature of the R&S®HDR900 exporter which enables a permanent measurement and an automatic time-alignment of the analog and digital signal.
Register now
The lowdown on OTT - eBook
Technical and commercial processes have completely changed the market dynamics between traditional broadcast and OTT service providers. OTT continues to evolve into a more reliable delivery system with technologies such as CMAF, OMAF, AV1, VVC, VR, 5G and many more becoming widely deployed over the next few years in order to bring rich immersive content to a screen near you. This paper looks at the new OTT technologies and the challenges and opportunities they bring.
Register now
Webinar: 5G Broadcast - Engine of Next Generation Networks
Join a special webinar hosted by TVB Europe where you can learn how this new business development can generate fresh audiences and major revenue streams for organizations like yours.
Register now
5G Broadcast for Mobile TV in a nutshell – eBook
Sometimes, new technologies compliment established ones. One such case is that of digital terrestrial transmission (DTT) which seems doomed to be replaced by IP-based systems. This eBook explains how the integration of the latest mobile telecommunications technologies are a perfect partner for DTT and can put it on a completely new and significant growth path.
Register now
Dealing with external interference in a gap filler network - eBook
Gap filler network operators desire three things: top signal quality, best reliability and minimal operating costs. But today’s products only allow optimizing two of these at most.
Let’s talk about issues and options.
Register now
Cost effective IP contribution and distribution - eBook
Anyone working in the broadcast and media world cannot have failed to notice the impact that IP technology is having on the industry. Whether in a studio production or at a live outside broadcast, IP-based content transport systems simplify content acquisition. IP-based delivery systems also extend the reach of content providers at reduced cost per viewer. Download our eBook to learn more.
Register now
Interoperability and content exchange made easy with IMF - eBook
This eBook looks at the latest changes to the standards and sheds light on its application in a range of scenarios from cinema to broadcast.
More information
How to reduce network complexity with modern storage solutions - eBook
If your business handles large volumes of film, video, and computer graphic data as part of your daily workflow, then there is a requirement for a fast and reliable storage architecture.
Register now
Software-based intelligent content monitoring powered by R&S®ALASS technology - white paper
How to monitor simultaneously and in a correlated manner, the same content across a broad set of distribution paths with R&S®ALASS technology.
Register now
One eye on 2018 – OTT, IP, HDR and cyber security - eBook
In this exclusive report, we examine some of the key trends for 2018.
Register now
Quo Vadis? Amplifiers for SAT uplinks
Many of the current high-power KU-band amplifiers are tube-based, and high-power amplifiers with transistors are just now becoming available. Read more in our White Paper "Quo Vadis? Amplifiers for SAT uplinks – TWTA vs. SSPA – What is the future?"
More information
How will IP impact broadcast contribution services and how to take advantage of the technology?
IP can impact on many areas of broadcast operations: One key area is IP-based content contribution. Read more in our eBook "IP-based broadcast contribution and primary distribution – revolution or evolution?
Register now
Beyond resolution – HDR, WCG and HFR
Picture quality has been the most important topic for everyone involved in video production ever since television broadcasting began. Today, the discussion about the “WOW” factors beyond resolution is still going on. With this whitepaper, Rohde & Schwarz takes a detailed look back into the historical background, today’s present and future developments in picture quality.
Register now
10 Questions you need to ask before you purchase a new solid-state transmitter
Whether it is ensuring your transmitter remains compatible with future standards such as ATSC 3.0, meets FCC repack requirements, how you can calculate the true cost of ownership and who should handle the installation and provide on-going support, we have the must-read issues you need to consider.
Register now
Request information
Do you have questions or need additional information? Simply fill out this form and we will get right back to you.
First name
Last name
E-mail
Company
Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte D'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hongkong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle Of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic Of
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
Phone (e.g. +1 400 123 5678)
Zip
City
Inquiry
Please select
Product information request
Service/Support request
Email confirmation (optional)
I want to receive information from Rohde & Schwarz via
Email
Post
Marketing permission
What does this mean in detail?
I agree that Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG and the Rohde & Schwarz entity or subsidiary company mentioned in the imprint of this website, may contact me via the chosen channel (email or postal mail) for marketing and advertising purposes (e.g. information on special offers and discount promotions) related to, but not limited to, products and solutions in the fields of test and measurement, secure communications, monitoring and network testing, broadcast and media, and cybersecurity.
Your rights
This declaration of consent may be withdrawn at any time by sending an email with the subject "Unsubscribe" to news@rohde-schwarz.com. Additionally, a link to unsubscribe from future email advertisements is contained in each email sent. Further details on the use of personal data and the withdrawal procedure are set out in the Statement of Privacy.
Get Information
Your request has been sent successfully. We will contact you shortly.
An error is occurred, please try it again later.