https://www.instar.com/privacy
Shop:
US Store
China
Germany
France
UK Store
Austria
Italy
Spain
Netherlands
Greece
Denmark
Portugal
Mexico
Select your currency:
Euro
Hong Kong Dollar
US Dollar
Your Language:
English
Deutsch
Welcome to the US Store
INSTAR USA! Your ip camera manufacturer!
0
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Search:
Search
Downloads
FAQ
News
Contact
Privacy
Data protection declaration
Unless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. You are not obliged to provide your data. Not providing it will have no consequences. This only applies as long as the processing procedures below do not state otherwise.
“Personal data” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Server log files
You can use our websites without submitting personal data. Every time you access our website, user data is transmitted by your internet browser and stored in protocol files (server log files). This stored data includes e.g. name of the site called up, date and time of the request, amount of data transferred and the provider making the request. This data serves exclusively to ensure smooth operation of our website and to improve our offering. It is not possible to assign this data to a particular person.
Collection and processing when using the contact form
When you use the contact form we will only collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) in the scope provided by you. The data processing is for the purpose of making contact. By submitting your message you agree to the processing of your transmitted data. Processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent.You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. We will only use your email address to process your request. Finally your data will be deleted, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
Customer account
When you open a customer account, we will collect your personal data in the scope given there. The data processing is for the purpose of improving your shopping experience and simplifying order processing. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Your customer account will then be deleted.
Data collection when you post a comment
When you comment on an article or a contribution, we collect your personal data (name, email address, comment text) only in the scope provided by you. The processing serves to allow you to comment and to display comments. By submitting the comment you agree to the processing of the transmitted data. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. You personal data will then be deleted.
On publication of your comment only the name you have entered will be published.
Collection, processing, and use of personal data in orders
When you submit an order, we only collect and use your personal data where this is necessary for the fulfilment and handling of your requests. The provision of data is necessary for conclusion of a contract. Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract. The processing will occur on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR and is required for the fulfilment of a contract with you. We will not forward your data to third parties without your explicit consent. This only excludes our service partners which we require in order to handle the contractual relationship or service providers we use to process an order. Along with the recipients named in the clauses of this data protection declaration, these may be recipients in the following categories: Shipping providers, payment service providers, merchandise management service providers, service providers for order processing, web hosts, IT service providers and dropshipping dealers. We will comply strictly with legal requirements in every case. The scope of data transmission is restricted to a minimum.
Use of your email address for mailing of newsletters
We use your email address outside of contractual processing exclusively to send you a newsletter for our own marketing purposes, if you have explicitly agreed to this. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time using the relevant link in the newsletter or by contacting us. Your email address will then be removed from the distributor.
Use of your email address for mailing of direct marketing
We use your email address, which we obtained in the course of selling a good or service, for the electronic transmission of marketing for our own goods or services which are similar to those you have already purchased from us, unless you have objected to this use. You must provide your email address in order to conclude a contract. Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in direct marketing. You can object to this use of your email address at any time by contacting us. You will find the contact details for exercising your right to object in our imprint. You can also use the link provided in the marketing email. This will not involve any costs other than transmission costs at basic tariffs.
Forwarding of your email address to shipping companies for information on shipping status
We forward your email address to the shipping company in the course of contractual processing, if you have explicitly agreed to this in the order process. The forwarding is for the purpose of informing you by email on the shipping status of your order. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or the transport company without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal.
Use of an external merchandise management system
We use a merchandise management system in the course of order processing for the purposes of contractual processing. For this purpose your personal data as collected in the course of the order will be sent to
DreamRobot GmbH, Eckendorfer Str. 2-4, 33609 Bielefeld, Germany
Using PayPal
All PayPal transaction are covered by the PayPal Data Privacy Statement. You can found this at https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev?locale.x=en_GB
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files which are saved in a user’s internet browser or by the user’s internet browser on their computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be saved on the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic character string which allows the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again. We use cookies to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies also allow our systems to recognise your browser after a page change and to offer you services. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change.
Our website also uses cookies to allow us to analyse the surfing behaviour of visitors to our website.
Processing is carried out on the basis of § 15 (3) TMG (Telemedia Act) as well as art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in the purposes above.
The data collected in this way is pseudonymised using technological measures. It is therefore not possible to connect the data to your person. The data will not be stored together with other personal data pertaining to you. You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation. Cookies will be stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of cookies. By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain. Cookies which have already been saved may be deleted at any time. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website.
Using the links below, you can find out how to manage cookies (or deactivate them, among other things) in major browsers:
Chrome Browser: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Use of Google Analytics
Our website uses the web analysis service Google Analytics by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and internet use. The IP address communicated by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. Google uses this to shorten your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in needs-based and targeted design of the website. You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation. You can prevent the storage of cookies  by choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser; we would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. You can also prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en]. You can set an opt-out cookie to prevent collection by Google Analytics across devices. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. You need to opt-out on all systems and devices in use for this to work comprehensively. If you click here, the opt-out cookie is set: Disable Google Analytics.
You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/ and at https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
Use of YouTube
Our website uses YouTube LLC’s function for the embedding of YouTube videos. (901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA; “YouTube”).
YouTube is an affiliated company of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA;“Google”).This feature shows YouTube videos in an iFrame on the website. The option “advanced privacy mode” is enabled here. This prevents YouTube from storing information on visitors to the website. It is only if you watch a video that information is transmitted to and stored by YouTube.Further information on the data collected and used by YouTube and Google, your rights and privacy can be found in YouTube’s privacy policy (https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy).
Use of GoogleMaps
Our website uses Google Inc.’s feature for the embedding of Google Maps (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”).This feature visually represents geographical information and interactive maps. Google also collects, processes and uses data on visitors to the website when they call up pages with embedded Google maps.
Further information on the data collected and used by Google, your rights and privacy can be found in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. You also have the option of changing your settings in the data protection centre, allowing you to administer and protect the data processed by Google.
Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission. You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation.For this purpose you must turn off the JavaScript application in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing this may prevent you from using all of the website’s functions, for example the interactive map display, in full.
Duration of storage
After contractual processing has been completed, the data is initially stored for the duration of the warranty period, then in accordance with the retention periods prescribed by law, especially tax and commercial law, and then deleted after the period has elapsed, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
Rights of the affected person
If the legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the following rights according to art. 15 to 20 GDPR: Right to information, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, data portability. You also have a right of objection against processing based on art. 6 (1) GDPR, and to processing for the purposes of direct marketing, according to art. 21 (1) GDPR.
Contact us at any time. Our contact details can be found in our imprint.
You can contact our data protection officers directly at: a.riber@instar.com
Right to complain to the regulatory authority
You have the right to complain to the regulatory authority according to art. 77 GDPR if you believe that your data is not being processed legally.
last update: 25.04.2018
InstarVision for iOS / Android / UWP
InstarVision provides easy access to your INSTAR IP camera to receive live audio and video, use the intercom feature, and configure the camera. While using InstarVision, we do not collect or share personal or device-specific information unless it is necessary to provide certain features as described below.
Push notifications: InstarVision apps use the notification service on your device to alert you about alarms from your cameras. These services are provided on many devices by other companies. InstarVision needs to communicate with the notification service so that it can be sent to you, for example. B. can inform about which camera has triggered an alarm. The company that provides the notification service on your device uses this information in accordance with its own terms and privacy policy. We assume no responsibility for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the alarm notification service, disable it in the settings of the InstarVision app or your device.
Camera usage: InstarVision uses the camera of your mobile device to scan in QR codes when adding devices or activating push notifications. The video image is used to recognize QR codes in real time. No information is stored or shared.
Intercom function: To enable audio transmission to your IP camera, InstarVision uses the microphone of the mobile device. Audio is transmitted / replayed in real time and is not stored on your device or on the IP camera side.
Recording feature: InstarVision apps have a recording feature that lets you record and share audio and video transmissions from your IP camera. The recording is stored locally on your device. You should know your legal responsibility before you record a communication. You also need to know whether you need to obtain prior approval from all parties involved in the communication. We are not responsible for how you use your recording features or your recordings.
last update: 25.04.2018
Log In
New Customers
Create an Account
Registered Customers
If you have an account with us, please log in.
*Email Address
*Password
Forgot Your Password?
* Required Fields
Login
Information
Latest News
Legal Notice
Terms & Conditions
Right of Revocation
Privacy Policy
Why buy from us
Customer Service
Secure Payment
Secure Shopping
International Shipping
Affiliates
My account
Sign In
View Cart
My Wishlist
Contact
Raiffeisenstraße 12, 65510 Hünstetten, Germany
TEL: +49 (6438) 9198992
©
INSTAR. All Rights Reserved.