http://www.sentrypc.com/privacy.htm
Features Activity Monitoring Content Filtering Time Scheduling Remote Cloud Access Solutions for Business for Family for School Plans & Pricing Support Common Questions Contact Us Help Documentation How-To Guides Installation Guide Blog Demo Sign in Sign in to your account : Username
Password
Remember me? Login NowPrivacy PolicySentryPC takes your privacy seriously.  We want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal data.  If you have any questions about these policies please contact our staff for assistance.SentryPC websites (collectively "Site" or "Sites" in this document) refer to sites owned and operated by SentryPC.  This Privacy Policy applies only to personal data that we collect on our Sites.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites.Personal data means information that relates to you as an individually identifiable person, such as your name, e-mail address, and phone number.Collection of Information - What Personal Data We Collect1. Information You Give UsWe collect personal data that you voluntarily provide us with through the Site.  For example, we collect information from you when you fill out a contact request form on the Site.  The personal data we collect from you may include :Contact InformationIncluding your name, email address, and phone number.Messages you send to SentryPCSuch as in a product query.Product account information or order informationSuch as in a request for technical support.2. Information We Collect Through Technology On The SiteWe collect information through technology to enhance our ability to serve you.  When you access and use the Site, SentryPC and, in some cases, our third-party service providers collect information about how you interact with the Site.  The personal data we collect from you may include :IP AddressWhen you visit the Site we collect your device identifier, browser information, and Internet Protocol (IP) address.  An IP address is often associated with the portal you used to enter the Internet, like your Internet service provider (ISP), company, association, or university.  While an IP address may reveal your ISP or geographic area, we cannot determine your identity solely based upon your IP address.  We do not link your personal data to device identifier information, browser information, and IP addresses.  Where, according to local law, IP addresses and the like are considered personal data, then we treat them as such.CookiesCookies are small pieces of data that the Site or our service provider transfers through your Web browser that enables the Site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.  We use cookies to help us understand how users use the Site.  For example, cookies gather information about how long you spend on a web page so that we can understand what web pages are of most interest to users.  Our cookies do not collect your personal data, except to the extent that IP addresses might be considered personal data.If you prefer, you can choose to have your browser warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off cookies by adjusting your browser settings.  If you turn off your cookies, some of the features on the Site may not function properly.Google AdwordsThis website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry or not completing an order.  This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or a site in the Google Display Network.  Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the SentryPC website.  Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.  You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.Google AnalyticsWe use cookies provided by Google Analytics, a third-party service provider, to assist us in better understanding our Site visitors.  These cookies collect data tied to a user's IP address, such as the length of time a user spends on a page, the pages a user visits, and the websites a user visits before and after visiting the Site.  Based on this information, Google Analytics compiles aggregate data about Site traffic and Site interactions, which we use to offer better Site experiences and tools in the future.  Google Analytics does not collect any personal data (other than IP Address which may be considered personal data in some countries).  You can obtain more information about Google Analytics here.3. Information Third Parties Provide About YouWe supplement the information we collect about you through the Site with records received from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you. For example, the service provider that processes orders for SentryPC shares your order information, but not payment information, with us, which we then use for download and product licensing management.4. Information You Provide To A Third PartyThe Site includes links from the Site to sites or applications operated by third parties ("Third-Party Sites").  SentryPC does not control any Third-Party Sites and is not responsible for any information they may collect.  The information collection practices of a Third-Party Site are governed by its privacy policy.  It is your choice to enter any Third-Party Site.  We recommend that you read its privacy policy.5. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.  The Site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.  If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to use the Site.How Do We Use Personal Data We CollectYour personal data is never used to transmit unsolicited spam, emails, messages, or offers.  We use the information we collect to serve you and improve your experience on the Site.These purposes include :Proper operation and management of our products and product licensing.Responding to requests for information.Responding to requests for product quotes.Responding to technical support questions and concerns.Improving our products and services.Responding to questions and feedback.Conducting market research and analysis.Continuously evaluating and improving the online user experience.Network and information security.Fraud prevention.Reporting suspected criminal acts.Compliance with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SentryPC, our users, or others.Data RetentionWe retain your personal data for the duration of the customer relationship, if any.  Email correspondence is deleted after one year.How Do We Share Personal Data We CollectWe do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties.  The following are some of the ways we may share your personal data :Third-Party Service ProvidersWe only share your personal information with select third-parties for specific reasons.  The following are types of third-party service providers with which we share your personal data and our purpose for doing so :Data AnalyticsWe retain third-party service providers to help us perform data analytics regarding your interactions with the Site.  For example, Google Analytics may track what pages users visit on the Site and how long they stay there to determine how users use the Site.Legal AdviceWe may disclose your personal data to an attorney in the process of obtaining legal advice.Advertising PlatformsWe may disclose the fact that you visited the Site to advertising networks so that they can show you SentryPC advertisements on other websites and platforms.  These services can help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of the Site and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of the Site.  For example, you may see ads on Google or Bing search engines regarding our software more frequently after visiting the Site.Required DisclosuresWe may be required to share personal data in a court proceeding, in response to a court order, subpoena, civil discovery request, other legal process, or as otherwise required by law.Legal Compliance and ProtectionsWe may disclose account and other personal data when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of SentryPC, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging personal data with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Corporate TransactionsWe reserve the right to disclose and transfer your data, including your personal data :To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Site or successor database.In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including to any prospective purchasers.How Do We Protect Personal Data We CollectThe security and confidentiality of your personal data is important to us.  We have technical, administrative, and physical security measures in place to protect your personal data from unauthorized access or disclosure and improper use.For example, we restrict access to your personal data.  Only employees who need the personal data to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to personal data.  Employees with access to personal data are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.Please note that despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data.Information Specific to Non-U.S. Users1. All locations outside of the United StatesThe personal data collected through the Site is downloaded to a server maintained by SentryPC in the United States.  SentryPC will comply with requests to exercise individual data rights in accordance with applicable law.  You can contact us to request to exercise your data rights.2. European Economic Area and SwitzerlandThe information in this section, as well as the information in the section above titled "All locations outside of the United States", applies to users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland (collectively, the "EEA").Individuals in the EEA ("EEA Individuals") are not required by statute or by contract to provide any personal data to the Site.  SentryPC will not use EEA Individuals' personal data submitted through the Site for automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects the EEA Individual.Cross-Border Data TransfersThe personal data collected through the Site will be transferred to the United States.  The recipients of personal data collected through the Site are located in the United States or in the country where the data was collected.  The European Commission has not issued a determination that the United States ensures an adequate level of protection for personal data.Legal Bases For ProcessingSentryPC  processes your personal data with your consent and as required by law.  In addition, SentryPC processes your personal data as necessary for the performance of the customer relationship, for example, when responding to sales queries and offering product suggestions, at your request, before entering into a contract with you.  For example, if you ask us for quotes for products and services you are interested in buying, we may send them to you.  SentryPC also processes personal data as necessary for its legitimate interests as follows :Network and information security, fraud prevention, and reporting suspected criminal actsIn the event of fraud, a security incident, or a suspected criminal act, we would examine personal data that appeared to be linked to the incident as necessary to determine what happened, remediate, report to the authorities, and prevent a recurrence.Individual RightsEEA Individuals have the right to access their personal data collected by the Site and to request that SentryPC update, correct, or delete their personal data as provided by applicable law.  EEA Individuals also have the right to object to, or restrict, SentryPC's processing of their personal data.In addition, EEA Individuals have the right to data portability concerning their personal data.  Subject to certain limitations, the right to data portability allows EEA Individuals to obtain from SentryPC, or to ask SentryPC to send to a third party, a digital copy of the personal data that they provided to the Site.  EEA Individuals' right to access their personal data includes their right to receive a copy of all, or a portion, of their personal data in SentryPC's possession as long as SentryPC's providing the personal data would not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.EEA Individuals can exercise these rights by contacting SentryPC.  SentryPC will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law.  If EEA Individuals believe that their personal data has been processed in violation of applicable data protection law, they have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the country where they reside, where they work, or where the alleged violation occurred.EEA Individuals may contact SentryPC, at any time, to withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal data where SentryPC requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their personal data.  Any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and SentryPC will continue to retain the personal data that EEA Individuals provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed or required by applicable law.In addition, you may cancel or modify the email communications you have chosen to receive from SentryPC by following the instructions contained in emails from us.  Alternatively, you may contact SentryPC with your request, stating what email addresses you wish not to receive SentryPC emails.  Within a reasonable period, we shall ensure that such email addresses are unsubscribed.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, SentryPC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SentryPC's sole discretion.  SentryPC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of the Site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. Need Help?Contact us with your questions! Related PagesPrivacy Policy Sitemap Terms of Use