http://www.qualityssl.com/en/about/privacy.lasso
High Assurance SSL Certificates At Low Prices
Please login to your QualitySSL Account
E-mail
Password
Lost password?
Home
Products
SSL Certificates
QualitySSL
QualitySSL Mobile
QualitySSL UCC
QualitySSL Wildcard
QualitySSL Intranet
QualitySSL Trial
Order
SSL Certificates
QualitySSL
QualitySSL Mobile
QualitySSL UCC
QualitySSL Wildcard
QualitySSL Intranet
QualitySSL Trial
Renewal SSL Certificates
Faq
SSL Certificate FAQ
Support
How To Order Your SSL Cert
How To Generate Your CSR
How To Install Your SSL Cert
SSL Server Test
SHA-2 Transition Info
My QualitySSL
Login
Request Password Reset
About QualitySSL
Testimonials
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
CPS
Skift til Dansk
home / about / privacy
|
More Choices
Privacy Policy
As part of the BitEngines pledge to our customers, we recognise and respect
your right to privacy. This privacy policy informs our customers of the
privacy practices employed in the provision of BitEngines products, services
and website.
Questions relating to this privacy policy should be directed towards
BitEngines by
Email: privacy@qualityssl.com
Postal: QualitySSL by BitEngines, Nellikevaenget 12, 2625 Vallensbaek, Denmark
Informational Collection and Use
BitEngines does not collect any information on customers without consent.
As part of the service offerings, customers will be prompted for information
when requesting further information. No information is collected about
a customer if just browsing the website.
Information Request
BitEngines provides the ability to request further information or ask
questions to the support team by displaying email links throughout the
website. If a customer elects to use such links they may be requested
to provide additional information depending on the nature of the contact.
Typically, such additional information may include further contact details,
and in the case of technical support, additional information about the
customer's computer configuration may be required to aid a prompt a accurate
response to the query.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a computer's hard disk containing
information about the owner. BitEngines employs the use of cookies to
gauge success of internal marketing campaigns and within the product sales
process. Such cookies contain no personally identifiable information.
Our partners may also use cookies. BitEngines does not exercise any access
or control of such cookies.
Log Files
BitEngines uses log files comprising of IP addresses to analyse trends,
administer the site, track movements throughout the site, calculate the
number of document and file downloads, and gather broad demographic information
for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information.
Sharing
BitEngines will share aggregated demographic information with our partners.
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual
person.
External Links
This website contains links to external websites. BitEngines is not responsible
for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy policy applies
solely to information collected by this website. BitEngines has no control
over the accuracy of information displayed by such websites.
Service Updates
Established customers will occasionally receive information on products,
services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy
of our customers we present the option not to receive these types of communications.
We also send the user service announcement updates. Customers are not
able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which may contain important
security information about the service.
Choice / Opt out
Customers are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having information
used for purposes not directly related to the BitEngines service offering
at the point where the information is requested. For example, all forms
have an 'opt-out' mechanism so customers who would prefer not to receive
any marketing material, can request to have their email address kept off
of our lists.
If customers no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional
materials from our partners, they may opt-out of receiving these communications
by emailing BitEngines at privacy@qualityssl.com.
Customers of our site are always notified when their information is being
collected by any outside parties. We do this so our customers can make
an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that
require an outside party, or not.
Customer consent
By using our Web site, customers consent to the collection and use of
this information by BitEngines. If any subsequent changes are made to
our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the policy update page
so that customers are always aware of what information is collected, how
it is used and under what circumstances it may be disclosed.
© 2002-2020 QualitySSL |
Site Map |
SSL Certificates |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us |
Bookmark or Share
Pay with
All prices are excl. VAT unless otherwise indicated.