https://www.commondreams.org/news/2019/03/11/privacy-advocates-sound-alarm-cbp-scrambling-deploy-facial-recognition-major-us
Skip to main content
Home
Subscribe
Donate
World
War & Peace
Economy
Climate
Rights
Solutions
U.S.
Canada
About Us
Key Staff
Testimonials
Sections
SUBSCRIBE
DONATE
Search form
Search
Published on Monday, March 11, 2019byCommon DreamsPrivacy Advocates Sound Alarm as CBP 'Scrambling' to Deploy Facial Recognition at Major US Airports
"The government is hurtling along a path towards its broad deployment... a deployment that seems quite unjustified and unnecessary."
byJessica Corbett, staff writer 0 CommentsPassersby walk under a surveillance camera which is part of facial recognition technology test at Berlin Suedkreuz station on August 3, 2017 in Berlin, Germany. (Photo: Steffi Loos/Getty Images)
Privacy advocates raised alarm on Monday as documents revealed the U.S. government is "scrambling" to deploy a facial recognition program to screen international travelers at the nation's 20 busiest airports.
"This is opening the door to an extraordinarily more intrusive and granular level of government control, starting with where we can go and our ability to move freely about the country."—Edward Hasbrouck, Identity Project
The 346 pages of government records—obtained by the nonprofit Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) and shared exclusively with BuzzFeed News—bolster mounting concerns among privacy advocates about sweeping, secretive government surveillance as well as the pitfalls of facial recognition technology.
"Facial recognition is becoming normalized as an infrastructure for checkpoint control," said Jay Stanley, an ACLU senior policy analyst. "It's an extremely powerful surveillance technology that has the potential to do things never before done in human history. Yet the government is hurtling along a path towards its broad deployment—and in this case, a deployment that seems quite unjustified and unnecessary."
Stanley is just one of many privacy advocates critical of efforts by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)—a federal law enforcement agency under the Department of Homeland Security (DHS)—to implement the "Biometric Entry-Exit System."
Through the program, according to three internal documents (pdfs) from DHS, "CBP will transform the way it identifies travelers by shifting the key to unlocking a traveler's record from biographic identifiers to biometric ones—primarily a traveler's face."
Databases of biometric information are begging to be abused and/or hacked. We need solid ground rules in place with effective deterrents before we implement such systems. (Hats off to @EPICprivacy for bringing this to light.) https://t.co/krlUjFtyZ7
— Carey Parker (@FirewallDragons) March 11, 2019
Specifically, according to one of the documents, "CBP will build a backend communication portal to support TSA, airport, and airline partners in their efforts to use facial images as a single biometric key for identifying and matching travelers to their identities." The portal "will enable them to use verified biometrics for check-in, baggage drop, security checkpoints, lounge access, boarding, and other processes."
The facial recognition program's implementation began with a pilot program at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2016, under a law enacted by the Obama administration.
In 2017, President Donald Trump issued an executive order instructing DHS to expedite efforts to use biometric verification on people crossing U.S. borders.
To meet Trump's desired timeline, BuzzFeed noted, CBP aims to use "facial recognition technology on travelers aboard 16,300 flights per week—or more than 100 million passengers traveling on international flights out of the United States—in as little as two years."
The program has generated a wide range of concerns about how third-parties and government agencies store and use the photos of travelers as well as a general lack of regulation and oversight.
Where to begin on the problems with this program? To start:
- It threatens privacy on a mass scale.- Much face recognition data is not reliable at all.- Agencies aren’t saying anything about how they will protect this highly sensitive information. https://t.co/LIY7Sslksk
— EFF (@EFF) March 11, 2019
"I think it's important to note what the use of facial recognition [in airports] means for American citizens," Jeramie Scott, director of EPIC's Domestic Surveillance Project, told BuzzFeed. "It means the government, without consulting the public, a requirement by Congress, or consent from any individual, is using facial recognition to create a digital ID of millions of Americans."
As BuzzFeed explained:
In the U.S., there are no laws governing the use of facial recognition. Courts have not ruled on whether it constitutes a search under the Fourth Amendment. There are no checks, no balances. Yet government agencies are working quickly to roll it out in every major airport in the country. It's already being used in seventeen international airports, among them: Atlanta, New York City, Boston, San Jose, Chicago, and two airports in Houston. Many major airlines are on board with the idea—Delta, JetBlue, British Airways, Lufthansa, and American Airlines. Airport operations companies, including Los Angeles World Airports, Greater Orlando Aviation Authority, Mineta San Jose International Airport, Miami International Airport, and the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, are also involved.
Some critics charge that the ongoing implementation of the program may violate federal law. According to BuzzFeed, the documents obtained by EPIC "suggest that CBP skipped portions of a critical 'rulemaking process,' which requires the agency to solicit public feedback before adopting technology intended to be broadly used on civilians, something privacy advocates back up."
Ultimately, "this is opening the door to an extraordinarily more intrusive and granular level of government control, starting with where we can go and our ability to move freely about the country," warned Edward Hasbrouck, a consultant to the group Identity Project. "And then potentially, once the system is proved out in that way, it can literally extend to a vast number of controls in other parts of our lives."
Our work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License. Feel free to republish and share widely.
This is the world we live in. This is the world we cover.
Because of people like you, another world is possible. There are many battles to be won, but we will battle them together—all of us. Common Dreams is not your normal news site. We don't survive on clicks. We don't want advertising dollars. We want the world to be a better place. But we can't do it alone. It doesn't work that way. We need you. If you can help today—because every gift of every size matters—please do. Without Your Support We Simply Don't Exist.
Please select a donation method:
Share This Article
Related Articles
The Petty Revenge of a Soon-to-Be-Ex-President
Beyond Simplistic ‘Peace’
'Heartlessness Mixed With Political Power': Trump Admin Rejected Plan to Provide Mental Healthcare to Separated Families
Alarmed by 'Rapidly Worsening' Pandemic, Top Health Experts Urge GSA Administrator to Immediately Begin Presidential Transition
More in: Rights, U.S., Privacy, Muslim Ban, Donald Trump, ACLU, Technology, US Department of Homeland Security, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Microsoft, Customs and Border Protection (CBP)
Top Comments
(Click to see more comments or to join the conversation)
Never Miss a Beat
Get our best delivered to your inbox.
News That Matters
Biden Provokes Frustration by Sidestepping Rep. Fudge for USDA, Treating HUD as 'Consolation Prize'
'Not $300. Not $600. $1,200 at a Minimum': Bernie Mobilizes Progressive Forces for Direct Cash Stimulus
CDC Official Says She Was Told to Delete Email on Kids' Covid-19 Risk to Match Trump's School Reopening Message
With Baseless Claims of 'Irregularities,' 100+ House Republicans Sign Onto Texas Lawsuit to Overturn Election Results
'Pass the Damn Covid Relief Bill': Shoplifting of Essentials on Rise as Millions Struggle to Feed Families
In 'Big Win for Religious Freedom,' US Supreme Court Rules Muslims Put on No-Fly List Can Sue FBI
In Must-Watch Video, Greta Thunberg Warns Humanity 'Still Speeding in Wrong Direction' on Climate
Boasting of 'Combat Power' to Threaten Iran, US Flies Two Massive B-52 Bombers Over Persian Gulf
With Senate—and Nation's Future—at Stake, Corporations Pouring Money Into Georgia for GOP
New Report Shows How Banks and Financial Firms 'Gambling Away Our Future' by Bankrolling Oil and Gas Projects
More News
Connect With Us
Today's Views
Elise Gould
Any Hope for a Quick Recovery Off the Table Unless Congress Acts Now
Sonya Acosta
Preventing Spike in Evictions Will Help Limit COVID-19’s Spread
ReNika Moore, Jennifer Bellamy
The Biden Administration Must Prioritize Reversing Trump's Damage to Racial Justice Policy...
Tina Gerhardt
Is 2020's Record-Breaking Hurricane Season What the Future Holds?...
Robert C. Koehler
Embracing Ecological Realism
Leonardo Flores
Low Turnout, but Free, Elections in Venezuela Are a Blow to Regime Change
Richard Lachmann, Michael Schwartz
How to Stop Big Energy in Its Tracks (Quite Literally)
Johnny Miller
Sixteen Years Later, a Helicopter Returns to the Site of the 'World’s Most Famous Photograph of Inequality'...
Arshad M. Khan
Food Fight in India Becomes a Matter of Life and Death
Paul Pillar
Why Using Trump’s Sanctions as 'Leverage' To Get More From Iran Won’t Work...
Samer Shehata
Trump Is Inciting Domestic Terrorism
Pelenise Alofa, Tasneem Essop
Climate Change Should Be Our Priority in the Post-Pandemic Era
More Views
Further
Let Them Play Tennis
Confirming there is no more clueless, worthless waste of space on God's green earth than the Grifter First Family, Melania Antoinette announced - on Pearl Harbor Day, as COVID deaths soared past 2,000 a day and millions waited in long lines at food pantries - that work is done on the new White House tennis pavilion. Hallelujah! said Twitter. Just kidding. In fact, she was aptly ripped: "WASTE...Seriously?! Tone-deaf much?...Four years of this hell and all we got was a tennis pavilion?" Yes.
Read More...
More Further