https://www.sencia.ca/cookie-policy
Effective from: May 25, 2018
Introduction
This site is owned by Sencia Canada Ltd. ('Sencia"). This Cookie Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection of information from you when visiting our  websites and Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) offerings through Cookies and other tracking technologies. This Cookie Policy applies to Sencia's company websites and SaaS offerings as follow.
Websites:
informetica.com
sencia.ca
sencia.com
SaaS Offerings:
Informetica Learning Management System
SIMS Content Management System
Sencia Track Data Management System
DocShare Secure Document Storage System
MySmartGift Gift Card and Loyalty Card System
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small data packets that are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. Cookies cannot access, read, or modify any other data on your device. One common example of a cookie is when a browser saves username and password information for future logins. Useful information about the technical aspects of cookies can be found at: www.allaboutcookies.org.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies that are necessary for the performance of a client contract, for legitimate business interests, and where requested by a specific client. The table below shows the types of cookies we use for our websites, Software as a Service ("SaaS') offerings, and services.
Type of Cookie
Purpose
1. Essential Cookies
These cookies are necessary to enable navigation around our websites and use their features. Without these cookies, services cannot be provided.
Access
Sencia's Informetica Learning Management System, uses session cookies that grant access to secure areas. These cookies expire as soon as the browser is closed.
Error Management
Our websites use single session cookies to report any errors encountered on the website during your use. These cookies expire as soon as the browser is closed. The information these cookies collect is anonymous, however, each cookie has a unique ID that can be associated to a log file. The log files contain basic information about the browser used in addition to data submitted by any forms you fill out on the website (e.g. the form on the Contact Us page) is stored in a log file for 60 days and then automatically deleted.
Security
Sencia's Informetica Learning Management System, uses persistent cookies that store your username upon log in. These cookies expire after 30 days
2. Non-Essential Cookies
These cookies can be disabled, but note that some of our services may not function properly if you disable all cookies for our websites or SaaS offerings.
Analytics
Some of our websites use Google Analytics to aggregate information about user activities and performance. This helps us analyze, improve, and research how our products and services are used and what type of devices you use to access them. The information we receive from Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address so that no personal data is collected.
Social Media
Some of our websites use cookies from social media services that allow you to share content via their services if you are a member and signed in. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your visit to our websites, and they may set a cookie or other tracking technologies. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies. Please read their privacy statements and cookie policies to understand how they use your information.
Third Party Functionality
These cookies allow our websites and SaaS offerings to enable 3rd party content, when applicable. Note that third parties may set a cookie or other tracking technologies that are governed by the privacy policies of the individual companies. Please read their privacy statements and cookie policies to understand how they use your information.
Cookies from services that allow embedded content from an external source. Examples of this include viewing YouTube or Vimeo videos as embedded content.
Flash cookies that are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files to help with viewing any of your content that uses the Adobe Flash player. The information these cookies collect is anonymous.
Custom requested cookies for communication between systems. These cookies are only enabled upon client request.
Disabling Cookies
Individuals can change how a browser interacts with cookies. For more information consult the help section of the browser you are using or do a web search the cookie settings for your browser. In some browsers you can set your cookie preferences for each site meaning that you can disable cookies in general but allow them for websites that you trust.
You can opt out of cookies from Google Analytics using the Google Analytics opt-out browser setting add-on.
Note that some of our services may not function properly if you disable all cookies for our websites or SaaS offerings.
Revisions
Sencia may amend or modify this Cookie Policy at any time at our discretion to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, products or services features, or advances in technology. We will post any such changes on our website, so individuals should review the Policy periodically. If we make a major change to the Policy, clients will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements.
Continued use of our products and services shall constitute your acknowledgement and acceptance of such changes.
For questions about this policy, email us at datasecurity@sencia.ca
© 2020 Sencia Canada Ltd., All rights reserved.
Web Design & Development. Site Map. Policies. Accessible Customer Service Policy.
Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
LinkedIN Icon
Get a Quote
Search the site