https://www.qlx.com/privacy-policy/
MenuCompany
About Us
Meet Our Team
Client Testimonials
Partners
Awards & Recognition
GSA Federal Supply Reserve
Contact Us
Consulting Services
Artificial Intelligence
Telecommunications
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare / Insurance
Gaming, Hospitality and Sports
Oil, Gas & Utilities
Retail
iQ Solutions™
iQ-Console™
iQ-Gaming™
iQ-Health View™
iQ-Install™
iQ-Maintain™
iQ-Migrate™
iQ-Mobile Solutions™
iQ-Surveillance™
iQ-Retail™
iQ-Social Media™
iQ-Sports™
iQ-Staffing™
iQ-Training™
Software Sales
Analytics Pro
Business Intelligence
Data Integration
Enterprise Miner
Marketing Automation
Service Parts Optimization
Visual Data Discovery
Tableau
Tableau Desktop
Tableau Server
Support & Training
Software
Assessment Services
Business Intelligence
Data Integration
Enterprise Miner
Marketing Automation
Outsourcing Services
Standard Services
Industry
Casino & Hospitality
Financial AML
Healthcare Life Sciences
Oil, Gas & Utilities
Retail Intelligence
Telco
Weblog Analytics
Quality Management
BI – Ninja
Data Quality – DATAFLUX
Video Analytics – BVI
Qualex Chat
Send
Qualex Chat
Qualex Consulting Services is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and in general has no objection to users accessing its website without providing any personal information. However, there are circumstances like those listed below, when Qualex may request you to provide your personal information.
Collection of personal information for propagating business
In some circumstances, Qualex Consulting Services may request some personal information from you, like your name, e-mail address, designation, company name, telephone number, country, city, ZIP code. You are at liberty to respond or not to respond to these inquiries and any and all information provided is strictly voluntary. Qualex uses this information to understand your requirements, and help you serve better by informing you of new services, alliances etc. that could help you in your business. You shall not claim that any information which is voluntarily provided/ posted by you on this web-site is confidential and/or proprietary. In general, you can visit our site without disclosing any personal information. However, there are areas of this site that require this information to complete certain functions, and may not be available to those choosing not to reveal the information requested. You recognize and understand that there is no compulsion on you to provide us with your personal information and any and all personal information provided by you to us is with your full consent, own volition and desire to provide such personal information. You also understand that we are under no obligation to verify the source from which the personal information about you is provided to us, and they are deemed to be provided by you.
Collecting information for on-line surveys / reports
At times, we conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect information from you on the Internet. If you are not happy with the reasons of the survey you may refrain from contributing to it. At times, when we host industry reports, case studies, white papers or any other reports, we collect your information through a form. This is to understand who is visiting our website, and what are they downloading. If you are not happy with sharing your information whenever you wish to download/access such reports, you may refrain from submitting your information.
Collecting domain information
Qualex Consulting Services collects domain information and not the email addresses of its visitors as part of its analysis of the use of this site. This data helps us to better know which customers visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit often. Qualex uses this information to improve its Web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part. By accessing our site, you grant your unconditional consent to allow Qualex to collect your domain names.
Disclosure to third parties
In instances where we believe that business interests will be served, Qualex Consulting Services may share your information with its business partners, who can alert you about new products and services that improve your competitive edge. Upon receipt of any alert, if you desire to be removed from such an alert list, you may inform the sender or unsubscribe from the list as provided in each mail alert. However, you shall not be entitled to treat such alerts as unsolicited, nor shall you be entitled to take any action against Qualex Consulting Services or its business partners for such alerts. Qualex Consulting Services may also be required to disclose your personal information in the event of a legal proceeding, court process, investigation or any such other process where we are required to do so by applicable law or where we have to establish our legal rights or where disclosure is required to prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, alleged fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person etc. We may also be required to disclose your personal information in the event of a business reorganization, amalgamation or merger.
Use of cookies
Some pages on this website use “cookies,” which are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us. Your Web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site. Our site may contain links to other sites such as our alliance partners and subsidiaries. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. Qualex Consulting Services reserves the right to change, modify, or update this privacy policy at any time without notice.
We’ve updated our Privacy Statement to support new EU data protection laws.Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Enter Your Details
X