http://www.offtek.co.uk/about/cookie-policy
Coronavirus Status – We Are Open And Shipping Orders
Home Page ›
About ›
Cookie Policy
Company Profile
Compatibility Guarantee
Contact Us
Cookie Policy
Credit Accounts
Delivery
GDPR Compliance
Glossary
Payment Options
Public Sector Credit Accounts
Why Buy From us
Returns and Refunds
Security & Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Weee Directive
Other Links
Site Map
Help & FAQ
Blog
Cookie Policy What are cookies?
Cookies are very small text files stored in your browser. They contain information specific to the website which put them there. Examples of the information stored might be; a list of recently viewed products or a preferred currency to use on a website.
Cookies are completely harmless and cannot do any harm to your computer. Often they are an essential tool used by websites and without them this website would simply not function properly. For a more indepth view on cookies you can visit the wiki page.
What cookies does this website use?
Offtek use cookies to improve and customise your experience of our website which helps us to understand who our customers are and the products they like to buy or browse, which creates a more exciting shopping experience for you. Cookies are not harmful to your computer/device.
By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer, unless you disable them via your browser. Cookies are an integral part of the functionality and without them you will not be able to make purchases on our website.
Our customer’s privacy is extremely important to us. We do not store any details using cookies relating to you or your payment details. We use cookies to record certain aspects of your visit including pages that are accessed and for how long, which helps us to customise the site for each individual.
Please also refer to our Privacy Policy.
Types of cookies
SESSION COOKIES
Session cookies are stored in your computer's memory for the length of your browsing session. They become inaccessible after the session has been inactive for a time and are automatically deleted from your computer when the browser is closed.
PERSISTENT COOKIES
Persistent cookies are stored on the user's computer memory and are not deleted when the browser is closed. They are used to keep your preferences for the website, so that they will be remembered for next time you visit the website. They are also used to collect information about the number of visitors, the average time spent on a particular page and analyse shopping behaviour on the website.
FLASH COOKIES
You will probably have Adobe Flash installed on your computer. Many websites that contain Flash can also store small files on your computer that are used in the same way as cookies.
Websites choose to use Flash Cookies as these can hold more information than regular cookies. When you delete cookies via your browser, your Flash cookies are unlikely to be affected.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
We work with selected companies to provide additional content and services, for example reviews. These companies may also set cookies on our behalf.
PHPSESSID - This is used to identify your computer or device as you. When you add something to your shopping basket the website needs to know that your device has added an item and it needs to be able show only your items to you.
offtek_currency - used to identify which currency you wish to view or use on our website. You can change which currency you wish to use by clicking the drop down menu at the top right of our website.
offtek_recentlyViewed - Stores a list of your recently viewed items. You can view any recently viewed items by clicking the "Recently Viewed Products" tab at the bottom of your page.
offtek_acceptedCookie - This indicates that you have accepted our use of cookies.
offtek_overrideView - This indicates you wish to override the default display type which our website thinks is best for you. For example you may wish to view our smart phone version of the website on a smaller laptop or tablet or vise versa. You can do this by clicking the "view desktop version" or "view mobile version" links at the bottom of the page.
offtek_setting_product_limit - Stores the default number of products which are shown on a single category page.
offtek_setting_product_order - Stores the default ordering of products on a category page, eg; "Sort By Price - Lowest/Highest".
__unam, __utmz, __utma, __uset, __unam, __stid, __stgmap, __stdlxmap, ShareUT, user_segment, stOAuth, mp_*_mixpanel - These are used track the number of clicks or shares a page has for the use of social networks like Twitter and FaceBook.
Advertising on Other Websites
Cookies are used to advertise relevant products to you on other websites, based on the products and categories you looked at on offtek.co.uk.
For these adverts, our third party providers may use software that can set a cookie to your browser, this will enable us to monitor whether you see the adverts, click on them and buy from our website. Cookies are placed on your computer if your browser is set to allow these. If you wish to ‘turn off’ cookies, then please check your browser’s help files for guidance on how to do so. The Help section is usually found in the Menu bar at the top of the browser. Some browsers provide help if the F1 key is pressed. However, you may lose some of the functionality of this website.
The data contained in the cookie used in these adverts is anonymous and doesn't contain any of your personal details.
Key Third Party Providers
Google Analytics and adwords
These cookies help us make the most of the money we spend on advertising. Google Analytics uses these cookies to discover when you first visited our site, how often you come back and how long you spend shopping. The information stored by these cookies can be seen only by the relevant teams at offtek and Google and never shows any confidential information.
Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
DoubleClick cookies
Provided by our online advertising supplier, these cookies are used to serve our internet advertisements on other sites. Some of our web pages may contain electronic images that help us see how users interact on these pages. They may also provide DoubleClick with information about the interaction.
Please note that these third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) use cookies, over which we have no control.
What Happens if I Opt our of all Cookies?
If you opted out of all cookies set by offtek.co.uk and associated websites, then you will not be able to place an order on our website. You will, however, still be able to browse our website.
If you disable Flash cookies, you will not be able to watch some of the videos on offtek.co.uk.
Deletion of cookies
Please click on the button below if you would like to opt-out of using cookies on our website.
Enable Cookies Disable Cookies
×
Contact form for the Privacy Officer
You can contact the Offtek Privacy Officer at any point should you have any queries relating to our "Privacy Policy".
This form allows you execute your right to be forgotten. You have the right to object to our use of your personal data, or ask us to view, edit, remove or stop using it if there is no need for us to keep it.
In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
If you request removal of your personal information, we may as detailed within our Privacy Policy be required to retain some of your data for a minimum period.
First Name
Last Name
Company Name(if Applicable)
Email Address
Enquiry
We will only use your details to provide a response and/or to complete your request.
By submitting this form you confirm you are aged 16 years or older and agree to our Privacy & Cookies Policy and Terms & Conditions. Submit