https://www.proxyleech.com/spy-tracking-for-business/is-it-legal-to-track-your-employees.html
Skip to content
HomeSpy Tracking For BusinessIs It Legal To Track Your Employees?
Spy Tracking For Business
Marceau13/08/201825/09/2018
It is not a secret that we live in the world of high-end and nano technologies and such trivial things such as GPS and Wifi are becoming something that nobody is surprised about.
Evidently, more and more business owners and big company employers are using GPS tracking of their respective employees to monitor their location and activity.
It can, certainly, have a significant positive impact on a business, namely:
To observe whether employees are complying with the company’s laws and do their job in time.
If you track a vehicle, you can always monitor your employees to abide by the traffic laws and not exceed the speed limit.
Track certain employees that are suspected of a misdemeanor to gather evidence and conduct your own internal investigation.
All this can, without a doubt, lead to efficient and productive workflow and save you a lot of time and money, but every employer must also think about the responsibility that follows.
If you consider using a GPS tracker to monitor your employees, first of all, it is necessary to go through the laws of your state or country and see if it is legal and on what terms.
It is not legal to track a person’s whereabouts without consent (unless you are from a law enforcement, but that’s the whole different story), but you can freely install a GPS tracker on a company owned vehicle to track your employee’s location and activity.
The laws get a bit misty when it comes to tracking an employee-owned vehicle that is used for the company’s business, so it is always a good idea to inquire your lawyer about it, because courts tend to side with employees whose privacy was invaded rather than with business owners (even such giants as Coca-Cola Company lost a couple of cases on this matter).
To add insult to injury – laws tend to be even mistier when it comes to tracking your employees’ personal phones. It is certainly a trick to pull off, especially if you do not want to invade their privacy.
So considering all information described above we have devised a number of practices that can secure your position legally and will allow you to maximize your employees’ efficiency by means of GPS tracking:
Get familiar with your local laws, consult your lawyers and spend some time learning the subject. Forewarned is forearmed.
Great rapport with your employees and the atmosphere of mutual respect will always create a healthy atmosphere where GPS Tracking is only a precaution, rather a sign of pressure and distrust.
Only install GPS tracker to the company-owned vehicles. Better be safe than sorry. If you are issuing “work only” cell phones to your employees – you can safely install the tracker there as well.
Make sure your employees know why they are being tracked. If you outline all the reasons and make an official statement it will ease the tension and help them better understand the necessity of using a GPS tracker.
Marceau
Posts created
10
Post navigation
Previous Article Some of the Advantages of Tracking Text MessagesNext Article Is It Safe To Use Mobile Tracker?
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Post Comment
Best Parental Control Apps 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtnvWZOcVeg
Recent Posts
10 Benefits of Tracking Your Employees
7 Best Mobile Trackers 2019
Benefits of Phone Tracker for Kid Control
5 Useful Tips for Mobile Tracking
How To Trace Mobile Number Current Location Using The Free Mobile Tracker
Recent CommentsDerek on 7 Best Mobile Trackers 2019Twitter Feed
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Hiring Babysitters or Pet Sitters Online-&nbsp;
Tha
https://t.co/nzAU2LQxE8
View on Twitter
11
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Making Friends Online: How to Know Who to Trust-
https://t.co/VEn2RXSbfG
View on Twitter
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Why It Is Important to Protect In
https://t.co/LeVfzHKAx1
View on Twitter
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
When Scam Calls Become a
https://t.co/8c6m4L8UJT
View on Twitter
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Reverse Number Lookup: 5 Thing
https://t.co/j2eSDNxCdB
View on Twitter
Facebook Feed
1TopSpy - Cell Phone Tracking And Monitoring SoftwareTagsadvantages
application
benefits
business
child
employees
features
GPS
kid control
kids
mobile tracker
mobile tracking
monitoring
parental control
parents
phone tracker
security
sms tracker
social media
software
spy app
spyware
text messages
tips
tracking app
Related Posts
1
Spy Tracking For Business10/09/201825/09/2018
Home
Spy Tracking
Spy Tracking Apps Reviews
Spy Tracking For Business
Protection
Write to us
Privacy Policy
Search for:
Begin typing your search term above and press enter to search. Press ESC to cancel.
Back To Top