http://www.enflexion.com.au/privacy.shtml
WHO WE ARE WHAT WE DO PACKAGES OUR WORK BLOG CONTACT
Legal Disclaimer
Copyright Statement
Privacy Statement
Terms of Service Agrement
Standard Terms and Conditions
Security of Ordering Online
Online Payment Options
Support Credits
Providing
iPhone Device ID to enflexion
IPhone FAQs
IPhone App License
Privacy Statement 1. What information does enflexion gather/track about you? The enflexion site collects general information on visitors to this site through the web site statistics sent to the server when you request a page on the Internet. This site does not ask for any personally identifying information such as name or company. This site contains links to other sites. enflexion is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 2. What does enflexion do with the information it gathers/tracks? Demographic and profile data is not used other than presenting on the site and helping to target the types of information and content included on the site. enflexion will not sell, barter or trade your personal information gathered at the time of sign up, except where noted above, and/or when required by law to protect the safety of members, employees or property. Any information that you supply in reference to an advertisement posted on enflexion or outside marketing campaign in conjunction with an advertisement is not protected under this privacy policy. 3. What security measures are in place? This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All registration information is stored in secure locations on a password protected computer. 4. Can visitors choose to opt-out or change personal information? Our site provides visitors the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site also gives visitors the ability to remove their information from our database, stop future e-mails, cancel our service, and change and/or modify information provided previously. If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with enflexion, contact: info@enflexion.com.au
WHO WE ARE
WHAT WE DO
PACKAGES
OUR WORK
BLOG
CONTACT
WEB HOSTING
Security | Support | Copyright | Legal | Privacy | Terms
Phone: Toll Free 1300 730 560, Fax: 1300 881 370,
Location:Suite 305/54 Foveaux Street, Surry Hills NSW 2010