http://www.beyondsoft.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Home/Terms of Use
Terms of Useuser2020-07-07T15:21:05-07:00
Your access to and use of Beyondsoft’s site is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. The information provided on this site is free of charge and for informational purposes only and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and Beyondsoft. The terms of Beyondsoft’s Privacy Policy are incorporated into made a part of these terms of use. You agree that all information you provide to Beyondsoft, including, but not limited to, through visiting our site and the use of any interactive features on the site, is governed by Beyondsoft’s Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions the Beyondsoft takes with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy. Beyondsoft may, at any time, make modifications, changes and alterations to the contents of this site, including these terms and conditions, without prior notice. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions. Your continued use of this website following any modifications, changes or alterations shall constitute your acceptance of such modifications, changes or alterations. Links on this site may lead to services or sites not operated by Beyondsoft. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and Beyondsoft takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk.
This site and its contents are provided “as is” and Beyondsoft makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to this site or any site or service accessible through this site. Beyondsoft expressly disclaims all express and implied warranties including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In no event will either Beyondsoft or its third-party service providers be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, or other damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data) without regard to the form of action and whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this site, any content on or accessed through this site or any site service linked to, or any copying, displaying, or use thereof.
Unless otherwise stated, the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text and images contained herein and their arrangement are the property of Beyondsoft. All trademarks used or referred to in this site are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of Beyondsoft or any third party. This site and the content provided in this site, including, but not limited to, graphic images, audio, video, html code, buttons, and text, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written consent of Beyondsoft, except that you may download, display, and print one copy of the materials on any single computer solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the material in any way and you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices.
Beyondsoft does not accept unauthorized idea submissions outside of established business relationships. To protect the interests of our current clients and ourselves, we must treat the issue of such submissions with great care. Importantly, without a clear business relationship, Beyondsoft cannot and does not treat any such submissions in confidence. Beyondsoft requests that you do not communicate unauthorized idea submissions to Beyondsoft through this website. Any ideas disclosed to Beyondsoft outside a pre-existing and documented confidential business relationship are not confidential and Beyondsoft may therefore develop, use and freely disclose or publish similar ideas without compensating you or accounting to you. Beyondsoft will make every reasonable effort to return or destroy any unauthorized idea submissions without detailed review of them. However, if a review is necessary in Beyondsoft’s sole discretion, it will be with the understanding that Beyondsoft assumes no obligation to protect the confidentiality of your idea or compensate you for its disclosure or use. By submitting an idea or other detailed submission to Beyondsoft through this website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this stated policy.
You agree that these terms of use and any legal action or proceeding relating to this site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without reference to its choice of law rules. If you attempt to bring any legal proceedings against Beyondsoft you specifically acknowledge that Beyondsoft is free to choose the jurisdiction of our preference as to where such action against us may be held. You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this site and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this site in violation of such laws. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, any information submitted by you through this site shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary. You represent that you have the lawful right to submit such information and agree that you will not submit any information unless you are legally entitled to do so. Because of the open nature of the Internet, we recommend that you not submit information you consider confidential.
Close Sliding Bar Area
Recent Posts
Planning an AEM Implementation? Here Are 4 Considerations
Employee Spotlight – Xioahua Shi
Attracting And Growing Diverse Talent: Insights From A Global Employer
Stay In Touch
US HEADQUARTERS
3025 112th Ave NE #200, Bellevue, Washington
Phone: (425) 242-5419
Email: info@us.beyondsoft.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Go to Top