http://www.arcstone.com/privacy-policy
Get started with a website redesign with our free ebook
Work
Company
Events
Careers
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or site registrations). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission or under the following circumstances:
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service of the specific application or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if ArcStone is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, ArcStone will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
INFORMATION GATHERING AND USAGE
When you register for any ArcStone product, we ask for information such as your name, company name, email address and billing address.
ArcStone uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, services improvement, contact and research. ArcStone does not share your personal information with third parties, unless explicitly approved by you.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies are required to use the ArcStone services.
We use cookies to record current session information, but do not require permanent cookies.
DATA STORAGE
ArcStone uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage and related technology required to run our services. Although ArcStone owns the code, databases, and all rights to the ArcStone applications, you retain all rights to your data.
DISCLOSURE
ArcStone may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service of any of our applications.
CHANGES
ArcStone may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your ArcStone service primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
QUESTIONS
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to info@arcstone.com or by mail at: ArcStone, 2836 Lyndale Ave S, Suite 132, Minneapolis, MN 55408.
Our Values
Service
Craftsmanship
Evolution
Harmony
Happiness
From Our Blog
A Year-End Guide to Effective Fundraising for Nonprofits
Have You Prepared Your Website for an Uncertain 2021?
Digital Marketing Lessons from the 2020 Election
The Ultimate Guide to Website Redesign for Nonprofits
A Discussion of Evolution in an Uncertain Time
Access
Email Login
Email Setup Instructions
Server Status: A-OK
Stay in Touch
2836 Lyndale Avenue South, Suite 132
Minneapolis, MN 55408
info@arcstone.com
Follow Us!
© 2020 ArcStone | Privacy Policy