http://www.omnidatasys.net/terms-and-conditions
sales@omnidatasys.net
+1 (281) 469-4365
Ticket System
Terms and Conditions 1.  GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS By placing an order with OmniData Services Group LLC, herein referred to as "Seller", a Customer, herein referred to as "Buyer", and agrees to the sales terms and conditions of this agreement as listed below.BUYER'S OFFER, RESULTING FROM SELLER'S QUOTATION, IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON BUYER'S ASSENT TO SELLER'S STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRINTED BELOW AND ANY OTHER POLICIES LISTED ON THE SELLER'S WEB-SITE. ALL ORDERS WILL BE SUBJECT TO ACCEPTANCE ON SELLER'S STANDARD SALES ORDER ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM BY SELLER AT SELLER'S APPROPRIATE ORDER ENTRY LOCATION. I have read and understood all other policies as presented at the Seller's website. Seller warrantees that product shipped to the buyer and found to have defects in material and workmanship will be repaired or replaced, at seller's option, under the terms and conditions listed hereunder and any applicable Seller's policies listed at the Seller's web-site. Delivery dates are approximate, subject to normal variations customary in the industry and unforeseen delays. Seller shall not be liable to Buyer for any delay which is directly or indirectly the result of any cause Beyond Seller's reasonable control; including without limitation, fire, flood, accident, Civil unrest, acts of God, war, governmental interference, labor difficulties, disruption in materials or supplies, actions or omissions of suppliers or vendors, or transportation delays. The buyer may request a cancellation of Product purchase order prior to actual ship date from Seller's facilities. In such cases, if the cancellation request is received within 24 hours of ship date customer may be subject to a 20% restocking fee. Cancellation requests received after SELLER HAS shipped product to the buyer will be not be processed. Buyer is responsible for all applicable freight and insurance charges, if any. The sale of product is final. If product is found to be defective within the specified warranty period (typically 90 days from ship date, unless otherwise specified), it will be repaired or replaced, at seller's option, with the same or comparable product. The buyer must obtain a Seller-approved Return Materials Authorization (RMA) number, prior to shipping product back to Seller.  All returned product must be in complete condition with all options as shipped originally from Seller, documentation and accessories included. If Seller determines that the returned products are not defective, Buyer shall pay Seller all costs of handling, inspection, repairs and transportation at Seller's then prevailing rates. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Seller be liable for any damages whatsoever (including without limitation, special, incidental, consequential, or indirect damages for personal injury, misuse, neglect, accident or abuse or operating or environmental conditions that deviate from the parameters established in applicable specifications, or have been improperly installed, stored, maintained, repaired or altered by any other than Seller, or loss of business profit, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product. In any case the Seller's entire liability under any provision of this agreement shall be limited to the repair or replacement of product found to be defective. Seller is not responsible to buyer for any shipping company’s errors or negligence during transit of product or the resulting damage or loss of value, time, profit or money. Buyer will not intentionally cause any damage to Seller, physically, financially or in reputation.
TaxesUnless product or service is provided in the State of Texas all prices do not include any taxes, duties and or tariffs, now or hereafter enacted, applicable to the Product or Service sold on this transaction. Seller may add taxes, duties and or tariffs to the sales price where Seller invoices the same to comply with applicable legal or Customs requirements. These added costs will be the responsibility of the Buyer, unless Buyer provides Seller with a proper exemption certificates.Prices, Releases and SetoffPrices apply only if the quantity ordered hereunder is released for shipment within six (6) months (or longer if mutually agreed to in writing) from the date of Seller's receipt of Buyer's order. Otherwise, Seller's standard price in effect at time of release shall apply to quantity shipped and Buyer shall pay the difference in price, if any, and Seller has the right to terminate this Agreement. In such event, Buyer is liable for termination charges as set forth in section Termination and Cancellation, paragraph 1.Title and DeliveryAll shipments of Product shall be delivered to Buyer, ExWorks from Seller’s location, and title and liability for loss or damage thereto shall pass to Buyer upon Seller's delivery of the Product to a carrier for shipment to Buyer, and any loss or damage thereafter shall not relieve Buyer from any obligation hereunder. Buyer shall be liable for costs of insurance and transportation and for all import duties, taxes and any other expenses incurred or licenses or clearance required at port of entry and destination.Seller may deliver Product in installments. Shipping dates are approximate only. Seller shall not be liable for any loss or expense, whether by way of Agreement or tort, (consequential or otherwise) incurred by Buyer if Seller fails to meet the specified estimated delivery schedule because of unavoidable production or other delays.All provisions of this section shall apply to both domestic and international shipments, except that title to Product shipped outside the U.S. shall pass at the point of destination; risk of loss or damage and all expenses associated with Product shipped outside the U.S. shall be the responsibility of the Buyer. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this section to the contrary, if Buyer is an international subsidiary of Seller, title shall pass at the point of destination and Seller shall be liable for loss or damage to such Product until receipt by Buyer at point of destination.Terms and Method of PaymentBuyer agrees to pay Seller the full amount for its order including shipping, handling, taxes and other expenses, if applicable. Otherwise, items purchased by the Buyer remain as the property of Seller. Buyer is responsible for any legal expenses toward collecting debts.Buyer agrees that it will pay for shipping any item(s) back to Seller for warranty of defective products. Shipping and labor charges are not refundable. Restocking fees may be applicable to certain items. The amount of credit or terms of payment may be changed, or credit withdrawn by Seller at any time. If the Product is delivered in installments, Buyer shall pay separately for each installment.Payment shall be made for the Product without regard to whether Buyer has made or may make any inspection of the Product. If Buyer delays shipments, payments are due from the date when Seller is prepared to make shipments. Products held for Buyer are at Buyer's risk and expense.Contingencies and Force MajeureSeller shall not be liable for any delay in delivery or for non-delivery, in whole or in part, caused by the occurrence of any contingency beyond the control either of Seller or Seller's suppliers.Including, but not limited to, war (whether an actual declaration thereof is made or not), sabotage, insurrection, riot or other act of civil disobedience, act of a public enemy, failure or delay in transportation, act of any government or any agency or subdivision thereof, judicial action, labor dispute, accident, fire, explosion, flood, storm or other act of God, shortage of labor, fuel, raw material or machinery or technical failure where Seller has exercised ordinary care in the prevention thereof. Seller may allocate production and deliveries among Seller's customers.Substitutions and Modification of ProductSeller may modify the specifications of Product designed by Seller, and substitute Product manufactured to such modified specifications for those specified herein, provided such Product substantially conforms to this Agreement.Where Buyer orders Product subject to military specifications, Buyer agrees that Seller may supply Product which conforms to the most current version or revision of the applicable military specifications.Legal ComplianceBuyer, at all times, shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Export of the products covered by this Agreement or acknowledgment may be subject to export license control by the U.S. government.It is Buyer's responsibility to obtain any licenses, which may be required under the applicable laws of the U.S., including the Export Administration Act and regulations promulgated there under.ChangesAny notice or instruction from the Buyer received subsequent to Seller's acknowledgment, including supplementary information contained in a confirming purchase order, which has the effect of changing the specifications, scope of work, or other terms will be effective only upon an appropriate adjustment in the price and/or delivery date, and acceptance of any change by Seller in writing.Limited WarrantyTHE FOLLOWING IS IN LIEU OF ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF SELLER.Seller, except as otherwise hereinafter provided, warrants the Product against faulty workmanship or the use of defective materials for typically 90 days, unless otherwise specified. Seller warrants that at the Seller has title to the Product free and clear of any and all liens and encumbrances as provided for in Section Title and Delivery above. These warranties are the only warranties made by Seller and can be amended only by a written instrument signed by an officer of Seller.Except as stated above, Seller, makes no warranties, express or implied and specifically disclaims any warranty of merchantability or fitness of the Product for a particular purpose. This warranty applies only to Buyer and may not be assigned or extended by Buyer to any of its customers or other users of the Product. Seller will not accept returns from Buyer's customers or users of Buyer's products.Continued use or possession of Product after expiration of the applicable warranty period stated above shall be conclusive evidence that the warranty is fulfilled to the full satisfaction of Buyer. Seller makes no warranty as to experimental or developmental Product or Product not manufactured by Seller, provided that as to Product not manufactured by Seller, Seller, to the extent permitted by Seller's contact with its supplier shall assign to Buyer any rights Seller may have under any warranty of the supplier thereof.Seller's warranties are herein above set forth and as stated in the Seller's Warranty Policy as indicated on its web-site (www.omnidatasys.net). These warranties shall not be enlarged, diminished or affected by, and no obligation or liability shall arise or grow out of Seller's rendering of technical advice or service in connection with Buyer's order of the Product furnished hereunder.Product Application IndemnityBuyer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller for all claims, whether arising in tort or Agreement, against Buyer and/or Seller, including Attorney's fees, expenses and costs, arising out of the application of Seller's products to Buyer's designs and/or products, or Seller's assistance in the application of Seller's products.Exclusive RemediesIf the Product furnished by Seller fails to conform to Seller's warranty as stated in this Agreement, Seller's sole and exclusive liability shall be (at Seller's sole option) to repair, replace, cross-ship or credit Buyer's account for any such Product which are returned by Buyer during the applicable warranty period. Further, the Buyer must follow the Warranty Policy as indicated in this Agreement and on the Seller's web-site.By following the instructions on-line the Buyer must promptly notify Seller upon discovery by Buyer that such Product failed to conform to this Agreement. If such Product is non-conforming, Seller may elect to repair or replace or cross-ship such Product, at Seller's discretion. Seller shall have a reasonable time to make such repairs, replace or cross-ship such Product.THIS IS THE SELLER'S ONLY LIABILITY AND BUYER'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM, WHETHER ARISING IN TORT OR AGREEMENT, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, COLLATERAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.Acceptance of ProductAcceptance shall be presumed conclusively to have occurred thirty (30) days following shipment of product to Buyer, unless Buyer has accepted the product prior to that date.Termination and Cancellation (Domestic, Multiple-Shipments Orders)Buyer may terminate this Agreement in whole, or from time to time, in part, upon thirty (30) days advance written notice to Seller. In such event, Buyer shall be liable for termination charges, which shall include: a price adjustment based on the quantity of Product actually delivered and all cost, direct and indirect, incurred and committed for this Agreement; together with a reasonable allowance for prorated expenses and anticipated profits.If, in Seller's judgment, the Buyer's financial condition does not justify the terms of payment specified, Seller may cancel this Agreement unless Buyer shall immediately pay for all Product, which have been delivered and pay in advance for all Product prior to delivery.Non-Waiver of Default and Collection RightsIn the event of any default by Buyer, Seller may invoke any remedy provided by law or by the terms herein stated, and may decline to make further shipments. If Seller elects to continue to make shipments, Seller's actions shall not constitute a waiver of any default by Buyer or in any way affect Seller's legal remedies for any such default.In the event Seller resorts to a third party or to litigation in order to collect amounts due, Buyer agrees to pay costs of collection for amount owed to Seller. These costs include but are not limited to: collection fees, attorney's fees, court costs, and interest in the amount of 1% per month (12% per annum), from the date the amount is due.Applicable Law and ForumThe validity, performance and construction of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in which Seller resides, as shown on the face hereof. Such state shall be the only jurisdiction in which any suit may be brought against Seller regarding any dispute arising out of this transaction.Government AgreementsThe Buyer must make the Seller aware of any national, U.S. Government, state or local Agreement or sub-Agreement that is relevant in the performance of this Agreement. Further, the Buyer must provide the Seller with all relevant information, special circumstances or specifications required to be compliant in providing Product for the specified national, U.S. Government, state or local Agreement or sub-Agreement.If Product to be furnished under this Agreement is to be used in the performance of a national, U.S. Government, state or local Agreement or sub-Agreement, clauses of the applicable government procurement regulations which are required by statutory regulations are to be included and are incorporated herein by reference.The Buyer must inform and provide Seller with all such regulations that impact the performance of the Seller in filling Buyer's Orders. Notwithstanding any government Agreement or sub-Agreement, the Buyer is responsible for complying with this Agreement and all other Seller's policies.AssignmentThis Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties and the successors and assigns of the entire business and good will of Buyer, or of that part of the business used in the performance of this Agreement, but shall not be otherwise assignable, without the prior consent of Seller.Affidavits and CertificatesNo certificates of compliance, conformance, or chemical analysis shall be provided unless Buyer's detailed requirements are stated on the face of the Buyer's order. Seller reserves the right to charge additional fees for any such certificate or certification process.Demo SamplesQuotations are preferably made on the basis of Buyer's description of the Product with the appropriate part numbers and specifications. Where Buyer requires Product samples from Seller to evaluate compatibility, Buyer will pay for such demo Product in advance. If demo period is successful, the Buyer retains the Product for its use.If demo period is unsuccessful, Buyer may provide Seller with a written description of any possible variance from specifications. The Buyer may, at its option, work with the Seller to correct the identified Product variance or return the demo Product for refund as outlined in the Seller's Demo Policy.Severability of TermsIf any phrase, clause or provision shall be declared void, the validity of any other provisions shall not be affected thereby.Release of InformationNeither party hereto shall, without the prior written consent of the other party, which will not be unreasonably withheld, publicly announce or otherwise disclose the existence of the terms of this agreement, or release any publicity regarding this amendment. This provision shall survive the expiration, termination or cancellation of this Agreement.ModificationTHIS AGREEMENT AND ALL RELEVANT POLICIES, AS STATED ON THE SELLER'S WEB-SITE, CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE PRODUCT DESCRIBED ON THE FACE HEREOF.NO ADDITION TO OR MODIFICATION OF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR STATED POLICIES SHALL BE BINDING UPON SELLER UNLESS MADE IN WRITING AND SIGNED BY A DULY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SELLER LOCATED AT SELLER'S APPROPRIATE ORDER ENTRY LOCATION.2.  SHIPPING Freight, Duties, TaxesOmniData Services Group LLC (ODS) ships to all other countries/regions provided that the Customer prepays the order including all shipping expenses. Customers are responsible for duties and taxes, if any. Shipping quotations are estimated calculations for international shipments and may have to be adjusted for actual dimensional weight and country-by-country differences in duties and taxes.Visible DamageWhen you receive a shipment, please inspect the boxes carefully for damage and note any problems on the waybill before you sign it for receipt of shipment. If there is damage, contact the freight carrier as soon as possible and, then, the ODS Customer Service Department immediately via the web-site at www.omnidatasys.net. Do not throw away the boxing or any other packing material.  Whenever possible, the Buyer will take digital images of shipped equipment and the original packaging and send such images to freight carrier and to ODS to further document any damage done to shipment in transit. Concealed DamageA problem with electronic and computer equipment is "concealed damage", where the equipment is damaged but there is no visible problem with the outside of the box. The Buyer should contact the freight carrier if "shock" damage is suspected and also follow-up with ODS via website with details and digital imagery on the damage. This notification process should occur within 3 days of receipt of Product.Lost ShipmentsAt time of shipment, ODS will, upon Buyer request, email information regarding the Product shipment, including any carrier tracking, waybill or air bill information available. If your package does not show up when scheduled or appears to be lost, please contact the designated freight carrier for an inquiry. If further assistance is required from ODS, please contact your sales representative and we will promptly respond via email or telephone.3.  PAYMENTPayment MethodsODS accepts only US currency. Seven basic types of payment methods are currently available: Credit Cards Online through our e-commerce site, Credit Cards via e-mail/fax via our credit card authorization form, Prepay with Checks, Purchase Orders, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT), ACH, and approved COD payments (U.S. domestic only).Purchase Orders (PO) are allowed only from government agencies, schools, and Fortune 500 companies that have prior ODS authorization.Credit Card OnlineWe accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. We do not charge "surcharges" for credit card transactions. Please read the Privacy and Security Statement for more details on secure credit card usage on the net.Credit card payment must be verified prior to authorization. You will be informed as soon as possible if your credit card is declined. If declined, you may check the accuracy of the credit card number and expiration date, or choose a different card to try. Your order will NOT be sent unless the credit card number you entered is authorized.Once accepted, the authorization process allocates the total amount of the order + 10% extra for this transaction, which does NOT mean that your credit card has been charged yet. The 10% extra is reserved just in case you need to add items or make other adjustments to your order. We'll examine each order and make adjustments if necessary before charging your credit card. The actual amount charged can be smaller than the total amount.You must provide us with a working phone number/e-mail in order for us to contact you to confirm your order and in case of problems with your order. ODS takes a very aggressive stance in getting law enforcement involved in cases of obvious credit card fraud.Credit Card via PhoneIf you do not feel comfortable transmitting your credit card number and other information on via e-mail or fax, we suggest you place an order online. Choose "Credit Card via Phone" as the payment method, and then phone in to give us your credit card number over the phone. We'll charge your credit card manually, but you are still responsible for filling out and signing ODS’ credit card verification form, minus the credit card number info.Prepay with CheckPre-payment with cashier's check or money order is accepted. You can place the order online, select "Prepay w/ cashier's check" as payment method, get an order number and order confirmation for the total amount of your order, including freight charges. Then obtain a cashier's check or money order from a U.S.-affiliated bank for the exact amount and mail the check with a copy of the order sheet to us.Company checks drawn on U.S.-affiliated banks are accepted, but items will not be shipped until checks are cleared from bank. We do not accept personal checks.Orders electing this Prepay method are not confirmed for order production until payment is received. Depending on the lead-time status code of your ordered Product, ODS will expedite your Order for shipment after the proper check is received. Unless notified, your order will be automatically canceled if we do not receive your payment within 10 business days of Order placement.Purchase Order (PO)U.S.A. only: For Fortune 500 corporate accounts, schools, and government agencies where Purchase Orders are required, the Buyer must complete the following processes: Email, Mail or fax OmniData Services a letter on your letter head to formally request us to accept your purchase orders; Print or download an application form and have it filled out, signed and faxed back to us with your credit information and trade references; wait for us to check the credit information and trade references and verify your information. Please note that an account application may take 1-2 weeks to complete. Once verified and authorized order on-line and fax a formal purchase order to us. Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT)We accept the EFT payment method, both domestically and internationally. After on-line Order Placement, please call the toll-free number given at Order Acknowledgement and details on how to securely wire-transfer funds will be provided. You must place the order first before calling for the transfer information.The total transferred must include shipping costs and will be provided by ODS. The shipping costs may be adjusted for international addresses and over-weight orders. EFT's may take 1-2 business days to confirm. The EFT must be confirmed by our bank before shipping can take place. The products shipped remain the property of ODS until paid in full.Collect on Delivery (COD)For U.S., pre-approved Buyers, ODS will process Orders for shipment. Preferred instruments for C.O.D. payment include Cashier’s Check or Money Orders. Company checks may be acceptable with the Buyer completing the following process: Print or download an application form and have it filled out, signed, and faxed back to us with your current credit information (Bank and Trade references). Other pertinent company information to include on the form: proper company name, company Officers, address, telephone/fax numbers and Dun & Bradstreet reference number, if applicable. After ODS verifies the credit information, the Buyer will be emailed regarding the status of its request and how to proceed. Letter of CreditPlease refer to the terms and conditions we find acceptable for Letters of Credit. Compliance with these instructions will ensure prompt handling and dispatch of your order. Your compliance will also minimize the costs involved. Failure to comply with these instructions will result in delays and increased costs. Certain destinations may require an additional documentation fee.4.  PRICING Quality Value Price GuaranteeOmniData Services Group's Pricing Policy is designed to give you the best value for the Price at all times. All Price/Product combinations come with our Quality Value Price Guarantee. This means that you will receive the best value for your money when comparing our Product to comparable products found on the market. Our commitment to you is to preserve this Quality Value Price Guarantee each and every time you purchase from ODS.Marketplace ConditionsOur prices and products are subject to changes in the marketplace which affect supply and demand of Product (technological obsolescence, out-of-production status of parts, import regulations, etc.) These changes may necessitate price changes and shortages of Product from time to time. We ask for your understanding in these situations and know that regardless of external factors, our Quality Value Price Guarantee will always be in effect.Special Quoted Pricing RequestsAdditionally, Special quoted pricing requests can be made at any time by filling out our online request for quotation form located at our website or sending an e-mail to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. These Special Quotation requests are intended for Pricing and Availability on large volume orders, items not found on our website, special Production requests, hard- to-find items, or out of production parts and models. Requests for Trade-ins of any related equipment may also be made though the form or via e-mail.Standard Responses for Buyer Quotations will be emailed within 1 business day of submitted Requests. Unless otherwise specified, Special Quotations are valid for 30-days, at which time a new Quotation will be need to be generated.Volume DiscountsODS pricing is based on the amount of Product purchased by the Buyer. Progressive discounted pricing is given as the Buyer reaches higher levels of units purchased.The Volume Discount Price structure is indicated for each Product as shown at our on-line Store; see individual price lists and footnotes for details. Example: Quantity: 7% from list for 10-24 units per order. 10% from list for 25 or more units per order.Discounts do not apply to freight or insurance and other miscellaneous shipping charges. 5.  WARRANTY AND SERVICEWarranty OverviewOmniData Services Group products are warranted in accordance with the terms of this LIMITED WARRANTY. Users are cautioned that system configuration, software, the application, Buyer data, and operator control of the system, among other factors affect product performance. Products are considered to be compatible with many systems; the specific functional implementation by the consumer of the Product may vary; therefore, the suitability of a product for a specific purpose or application must be determined by the Buyer and is not warranted by ODS.NOTE: Warranty periods (typically 90 days, unless otherwise specified) may vary from product to product for OmniData Services products. Please contact ODS to receive warranty information on any products in question.ODS Product WarrantyODS products are warranted to be free from defects in material and workmanship, and OmniData Services agrees to repair or replace any part of the unit or whole unit which proves defective under these terms and conditions when the Buyer obtains a valid Return Material Authorization (RMA) number for the defective shipped Product and returns such Product to the appropriate ODS Depot Repair Center:For Warranty assistance you may e-mail Customer Service at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Follow directions at our web-site for filling out a Service Request Form (SRF). This will allow you to access our trained representatives who can often assist in correcting problems over the phone or, if appropriate, an RMA number will be issued for repair, replacement or cross-shipment of Product.Warranty PeriodProduct Parts and Labor are warranted for ninety (90) days, unless otherwise specified, from the date of shipment from our warehouse to the Buyer. New products and consumables are warranted per the OEM’s specifications.Product received "Dead on Arrival" must be reported within 3 days of receipt of the Product at the Buyer's ship-to address. Replacement Product will be made upon receiving of the original defective Product back to ODS’ depot repair center with the appropriate RMA number.Shipments received by the Buyer containing incorrect Product, as specified by the Buyer's Purchase Order, must be reported within 3 business days of receipt of the product at the Buyer’s Ship-To address. ODS will then determine the appropriate course of action as outlined in Sections: How to Get Warranty Service and Warranty Return Procedure, below.Who is ProtectedThis warranty may be enforced only by the Buyer, and it is not transferable.What is not coveredThe above warranty is contingent upon the proper use of the Products and will not apply to Products on which the original identification marks have been removed or altered. In addition, this warranty shall not apply to defects or failures due to: Accident, neglect or misuse, fire, water, lightning or other acts of nature, improper storage, unauthorized modification, or failure to follow instructions supplied with the Product. Failure or defect of electrical power, external electrical circuitry, air-conditioning or humidity control. The use of improper items not provided by OmniData Services Group LLC Unusual stress to the Product. Modification or alteration of the product by any parties other than OmniData Services Group LLC Mis-adjustment, repair or attempted repair or service of the product by any parties other than OmniData Services’ technicians or an authorized manufacturer service company. Damage caused by shipment of the product (claims must be submitted to the Freight Carrier). Installation or removal of the Product. Any other cause which does not relate to a product defect. Cartons or any accessories used in conjunction with the Product. What ODS will and will not pay forIf Product is returned as specified to the appropriate ODS Depot Center for repair or replacement, OmniData Services Group LLC will pay labor and material expenses for covered items. Also ODS will cover the cost of prepaid return freight to the end user (U.S. domestic only). For defective parts taken from warranted whole unit(s) and returned to ODS, ODS will cover return shipping costs to locations outside continental U.S.A.ODS will not pay for the following: Removal or installation charges. Costs of initial technical adjustments (setups) including adjustment of user controls. Freight costs to return the product to OmniData Services Group (domestic U.S.A.). Shipping costs for Product returned from or to locations outside continental U.S.A. How to get warranty serviceBuyers should visit the ODS web-site at www.omnidatasys.net to start the warranty replacement process.Visit the ODS web-site to obtain a warranty repair Return Material Authorization (RMA) number on-line; once connected, the Buyer is directed to fill out a Service Request Form (SRF) that will be forwarded to OmniData Services  via email. It will be helpful to have the following information ready when filling out the SRF: Model number Serial number Date of purchase Invoice number Problem description RMA numbers are only good for 21 days from the date of issuance. All RMA packages, containing warranty-covered product, must come with a detailed packing list indicating the serial numbers and problem identification for each product and the related invoice.All Buyer inquiries will receive a response within a reasonable amount of time, via Internet or telephone. Prior to Technical assistance, the Buyer MUST submit a completed SRF to initiate OmniData Services' warranty repair service.Warranty Return ProcedureProducts returned under warranty must follow OmniData Services Group's RMA procedures. Products must be returned directly to an ODS depot repair facility for warranty service.ODS will, at its option, either repair your product, replace it or cross-ship (advance ODS shipment of replacement Product simultaneously with Buyer's shipment of Product to be replaced) it with a comparable product that will be new or like new, and meets all of the specifications of the replaced product. The repaired or replacement product will be shipped to the Buyer at OmniData Services’ expense within the United States or Canada. If shipping from an international location or to accomplish a cross-shipment, the Buyer is responsible for payment of replacement Product and shipping fees both ways.Upon receipt and inspection of returned Product, ODS will credit back to the Buyer, the cost of replacement Product. Payment is made, preferably, with an approved credit card or by an electronic funds transfer (EFT) which covers bank transaction fees.On ODS warranty replacement Product shipped to the Buyer, any discrepancy and wrong items should be reported on-line within three working days. Product damaged suffered during shipment is the responsibility of the freight carrier. Obtaining freight insurance, filing the appropriate claims for damaged Product and receiving payments for insurance charges are the responsibility of the Buyer. For shipping damages, Buyers should notify the carrier immediately and ask for the issuance of a damage report. All returned product should be complete with all manuals, cables, warranty cards, static bags, just as you received it.If the product is not returned in its entirety, a fee will be charged for missing items.All returns must have the RMA number clearly referenced on shipping label (an attached pack list should indicate serial number of unit and a copy of the invoice).NOTE: All Products returned for warranty service MUST be issued a RMA # from OmniData Services Group prior to return shipment. After determining the validity of a Buyer warranty claim, ODS will issue a RMA # to the Buyer via email. Products returned to ODS without an RMA Number will be refused and returned to the sender at the sender's expense.To receive the warranty services, it is the Buyer's obligation and expense to ship the Product, freight prepaid, or to deliver it to OmniData Services depot repair facility in either the original package or a similar package affording an equal degree of protection. Ribbon and Label Stock must be removed from the product prior to shipment and removable spindles must be properly packaged and secured to prevent shipping damage.Limitation of Damages and Implied WarrantiesOmniData Services’ sole liability for any defective Product is limited to the repair or replacement of the Product at our option. ODS shall not be liable for: Damage to other property caused by any defects in this Product, damages based upon inconvenience, loss of use of the Product, loss of time or data, or commercial loss. Any other damages, whether incidental, consequential or otherwise. THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ANY OTHER WARRANTY EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. OMNIDATA SERVICES MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. OMNIDATA SERVICES, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.ODS Product Option WarrantyOmniData Services warrants its ODS product options to be free from manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship for a period of ninety (90) days, unless otherwise specified, after date of shipment. Any defective Product will be repaired or replaced at no charge if it is returned to OmniData Services within the warranty period, as specified in the provisions of the Product Warranty Section.THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ANY OTHER WARRANTY EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. OMNIDATA SERVICES MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. OMNIDATA SERVICES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.ODS Product Supplies WarrantyOmniData Services warrants its ODS supplies to be free from manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship for a period of ninety (90) days, unless otherwise specified, after date of shipment to the Buyer.  Any defective Product will be replaced at no charge if it is returned to the OmniData Services within the warranty period, as specified in the provisions of the Product Warranty Section.THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ANY OTHER WARRANTY EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. OMNIDATA SERVICES MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.OMNIDATA SERVICES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.ODS Replacement Parts WarrantyOmniData Services warrants its ODS replacement parts to be free from manufacturing defects in materials and workmanship for a period of ninety (90) days, unless otherwise specified, after date of purchase by the ultimate consumer. Any defective Product will be replaced at no charge if it is returned to the OmniData Services within the warranty period, as specified in the provisions of the Product Warranty Section.THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ANY OTHER WARRANTY EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. OMNIDATA SERVICES MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.OMNIDATA SERVICES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.Non Warranty Service and RepairNon-warranty service and repair will be performed by OmniData Services at the prevailing depot repair rate for ODS products. Post warranty repair service is charged on a time and material basis or on a fixed-price repair (FPR) basis. Labor is charged at the prevailing rate. Materials are charged at the prevailing rate of the ODS Repair Components Price List.Estimates are available, if requested in advance, and incur a minimum of one-hour labor charge if repairs are not performed. After receipt of the product, OmniData Services will normally ship the repaired product back to you within five business days via FedEx ground, unless otherwise specified by the Buyer.Field On-site repair service will be performed by OmniData Services at the prevailing Field Service Call rate for ODS products. On-site repair service is charged on a flat rate basis for the Service Call and covers a standard 2-Hour site visit plus travel time. Extra Labor time needed On-site is charged at the prevailing rate. Materials are charged at the prevailing prices of the then current ODS Repair Components Price List.Estimates for depot and on-sites repairs are available, if requested in advance, and will include a parts estimate for the work to be performed.Depot Repairs performed for Buyer are warranted for parts and labor for a period of 90 days, which starts from date of shipment of Product from ODS.  Unless otherwise specified, all other warranty provisions apply as specified in the Product Warranty Section.On-site Repair Services performed for Buyer are warranted for parts only for a period of 90 days, which starts from date of shipment of Product from ODS.  Unless otherwise specified, all other warranty provisions apply as specified in the Product Warranty Section.NOTE: All Products returned for warranty and non-warranty Repair Service MUST be issued an RMA number from OmniData Services prior to return shipment. An RMA number for repair services can be obtained by visiting the ODS website. Products returned to OmniData Services without an RMA Number will be refused and returned to the Buyer at the Buyer's expense.To receive the warranty services, it is the Buyer's obligation and expense to ship the Product, freight prepaid, or to deliver it to the OmniData Services depot repair facility in either the original package or a similar package affording an equal degree of protection. Ribbon and Label Stock must be removed from the product prior to shipment and removable spindles must be properly packaged to prevent possible shipping damage.Product damage suffered during shipment is the responsibility of the freight carrier. Insurance charges, claims and payments are the responsibility of the Buyer.6.  PRIVACY AND SECURITYPrivacy PolicyWe will never sell, trade, rent, lease or give away any information that you provide to us on our web site.Information ControlOmniData Services Group helps you maintain control over your personal data on the Internet. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during a visit.In a few areas on our Web site, we may ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit or to follow up with you after your visit. It is completely optional for you to participate.For example, we request information from you when you: Register omnidatasys.net Place an order Provide feedback in an online survey Participate in a sweepstakes or other promotional offer Request e-mail notification of your order status. Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list In each of the instances above, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, type of business as well as other similar personal information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. If we ever ask for significantly different information we will inform you. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.OmniData Services only use your personal information for specific business purposes. The information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with us. Among other things, we will quickly alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new products and servicesWe will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for its use in marketing.Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your order and the products you purchase will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation.e-CommerceThe online store at www.omnidatasys.net is designed to give you options concerning the privacy of your credit card information, name, address, e-mail and any other information you provide us.We are committed to data security with respect to information collected on our site. We offer the industry standard security measures available through your browser called SSL encryption.Customized ExperienceNew technologies are emerging on the Internet that helps us deliver customized visitor experiences. We primarily use cookies to help us determine which service and support information is appropriate for you and to maintain your shopping experience in our online store.Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know any information about you. We might be able to ascertain what type of computer you are using, but beyond that, our use of cookies is designed only to provide you with a better experience when using our site.Scope and PracticesThird-party Internet sites and services accessible through our site have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions.You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.Security PolicyWe put everything in place to make shopping at www.omnidatasys.net a secure and pleasant experience. We want you to feel secure when you place an order with us online and will do everything possible to achieve that goal.TransactionsODS implements the latest technologies in secure shopping that will provide total security for you while shopping at our site. Some of those measures include separate servers for different categories of information, latest Secure Certificates, and the fact that your credit card information is stored for a short period of time, in highly secured servers.Payment ProcessingODS is doing its best to make shopping on line a safe and secure experience. Check this out: www.omnidatasys.net actually encrypts all the information submitted by you before sending it to our secure shopping server. When your order status changes, the secure server sends you back a confirmation for your security and acknowledgment. If any unauthorized charges have occurred on your credit card from shopping at www.omnidatasys.net (through no fault of your own) and your credit card issuer or provider has held you liable for a portion of the unauthorized charge, then www.omnidatasys.net may elect, after review, to give you credit for future purchases made at ODS. If you had experienced what you might think is a fraudulent or unauthorized activities on your credit card, then you will need to notify your credit card issuer or provider immediately to avoid penalties and according to the rules and regulations provided by your issuer or provider.
HomeTerms and Conditions
× Search Omni Data Services to see if we have what you're looking for.Cant find what you're looking for? Contact Us.
×
-- Select Service --Product RepairPrinter SalesPrinter PartsSecurity ID SalesBarcode Scanner SalesOther Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Invalid Input
Submit