http://www.msgdiscovery.com/disclaimer-and-terms/
Message & Discovery > Disclaimer and Terms
Disclaimer and Terms
Website Disclaimer and Terms of Use Agreement
The author and publisher of this website and the accompanying resources and materials have used their best efforts in preparing this website.
The author and publisher make no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, or completeness of the contents of this website.
The information contained in this website is strictly for educational and informational purposes. Therefore, if you wish to actually apply the ideas contained in this website, you take full responsibility for your actions.
The author and publisher of this website disclaim any warranties (express or implied), merchantability, or fitness of materials expressed for any particular purpose.
The author and publisher shall in no event be held liable to any party for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or other consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from any use of this material, which is provided as is, and without warranties.
The author and publisher do not warrant the performance, effectiveness, or applicability of any sites listed or linked to in this website. All links are for information purposes only and are not warranted for content, accuracy, or any other implied or explicit purpose.
This website is © copyright 2013 by http://www.msgdiscovery.com/ All Rights Reserved
No part of this site may be copied, changed in any way, sold, used in any way, online or offline, other than for browsing the contents of this website, under any circumstances whatsoever, without express permission from the author.
Affiliate agency
Some of the products sold on this website pay the author and owner of the site a commission when sales are made through this website.
However, we only recommend products we believe will help men and women with acid reflux, hiatal hernia, dyspepsia, and GERD.
Contact Information
We can be reached by contacting: info” at”http://www.msgdiscovery.com/ (please substitute @ for “at” before emailing).
Statement About Your Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors.
We may collect information from online visitors who ask to be on our newsletter mailing list and/or receive periodic email announcements.
Anyone who wishes can choose to be removed from our mailing list (if we are operating one) at any time.
All online visitor data collected by us is protected against unauthorized access.
We will not sell, trade, or give your personal information to other companies or organizations.
Use of cookies and web beacons by third parties in the advertising process:
Advertising that is delivered or distributed by third-party vendors on this site may make use of cookies or web beacons.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage parents to go online with their kids.
Check out the FTC’s site for more tips on protecting children’s privacy online.
Home Remedies For Heartburn
Good Health: Acid Reflux Remedies
Acid Reflux Home Remedies
Good Emotional Health: Overcoming Rejection
The Essence of a Great Relationship
Acid Reflux Treatment – Effects Of PPIs
What Does Heartburn Feel Like?
Acid Reflux Causes
Acid Reflux Diet
Heartburn No More: Cures Acid Reflux & Provides Heartburn Relief In Hours
Categories
Discovery
Health
Intestines & Stomach
Lifestyle & Diet