https://www.dapasoft.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Dapasoft Inc. is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of personal and operational information and data concerning our clients, sub-contractors, contractors, and staff. We recognize the need for appropriate protection and management of such shared information against confidentiality and integrity breaches, loss of privacy, loss of trust, and legal liability.
Personal information refers to information in any form, whether oral, electronic or written that may be used to identify an individual.
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose personal information and/or data for official business purposes. Our ultimate goal includes not only to act in compliance with all applicable legislation, but to enhance organizational integrity while maintaining quality service.
Dapasoft Inc. respects the privacy of any visitors to www.dapasoft.com and does not share any personal information with third parties.
The following are Dapasofts principles for information handling practices:
Accountability
Dapasoft has designated the Vice President of Consulting Services as the Chief Privacy Officer for the organization. The CPO is accountable for Dapasofts compliance to this Privacy Policy and to ensure that the Company adheres to all Provincial and Federal Privacy Legislation. The CPO is also responsible for taking corrective measures on violations, non-conformity, and/or non-compliance.
In providing services to our clients, any department which collects and manages the clients personal or operational information and data must protect and safeguard such information and data. Violation of such actions would be reported to the Chief Privacy Officer.
Identifying Purposes
Before or at the time of collection, Dapasoft will make known to our clients, sub-contractors, contractors and staff, the reason(s) why we collect personal information or data, and how we intend to use the collected information. New purpose(s) will also be identified before or at the time of collection.
Consent
Dapasoft will obtain consent before or at the time of collection, as well as when a new use is identified. In determining the appropriate form of consent, Dapasoft will take into account the sensitivity of the personal information and the reasonable expectations of the individual(s).
There are exceptional circumstances where such collection, use or disclosure is permitted or as required by law.
Limit Collection, Use, Disclosure and Retention
Dapasoft will limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Dapasoft. We will only use and disclose information only for the purpose for which it was collected or when required by the legislation and in the manner prescribed by the legislation. Dapasoft will retain personal information or data only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which it was collected, and will dispose of all sensitive information in a secure manner.
Accuracy
The personal information collected shall be as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. Dapasoft will provide an opportunity for clients, sub-contractors, contractors and staff to verify the accuracy of their information and to correct any inaccuracies.
Security Safeguards
Dapasoft will protect personal information or data regardless of the format in which it is held. The implementation of security safeguards will protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Dapasoft will protect personal and operational information or data by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information and as required by any applicable legislation. Methods for protection may be of 1) physical measures, such as locked file cabinets, physical barriers or restricted access to information, or 2) of organizational measures such as security clearances and limiting access on a need-to-know basis, and/or 3) of technological measures, such as the use of passwords and encryption.
The nature of safeguards will vary depending on the sensitivity of the collected information, its amount, distribution, and format of the information or data needing protection.
Openness
Dapasoft will make readily available to our clients, sub-contractors, contractors and staff about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. Our privacy policies will be posted on our website as well as any necessary contact information to ensure openness.
Individual Access
A client, sub-contractor or staff may obtain access to his or her personal information by submitting a request in writing to Dapasofts Chief Privacy Officer.
Upon request, Dapasoft will inform the individual of the existence, use and disclosure of the information or data and will grant access to the individual.
In certain situations, Dapasoft may not be able to provide access to all the personal information or data that we hold about the individual. These exceptions may include, but not limited to, information or data that contains references to other individuals, information that cannot be disclosed for legal, security, or commercial proprietary reasons, and information that is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege. The reasons for denying access will be provided in writing to the individual along with the appeal process.
Challenging Compliance
Dapasofts Chief Privacy Officer will address and respond to all inquiries or complaints from clients, sub-contractors, contractors and staff about policies and procedures relating to personal information handling practices. Challenges concerning compliance with the above principles may also be addressed to the appointed CPO via the following methods:
Mail to  Chief Privacy Officer, Dapasoft Inc. 111 Gordon Baker Road, Suite 600, Toronto, ON, M2H 3R1
Email to info@dapasoft.com
Phone to  Chief Privacy Officer at 416-847-4080
Dapasoft as a Third Party Entity
Dapasoft agrees to ensure that Dapasoft, our partners, managers, and employees shall maintain the confidentiality and security of all material and information which is the property of the client, sub-contractor, contractor and/or staff that comes into the possession or under control of Dapasoft. Dapasoft agrees that Dapasoft, our partners, managers, and employees shall not directly disclose or use, except where required by law, any material or information and/or belonging to the client, sub-contractor, contractor and/or staff without first obtaining the written consent for such disclosure or use.
Dapasoft will implement and maintain measures to ensure the security and integrity of the confidential information to protect it against loss, alteration, destruction and access by unauthorized persons.
For further protection of information and/or data, Dapasoft propose that all test files or data prior to coming into our possession, be rendered anonymous; containing fictitious persons only.
All personal and operational information and/or data collected by Dapasoft will comply with the policies and procedures established by the client(s) and/or all applicable legislation.
Contact Dapasoft416-847-4080
Book a Demo
Name
Email
Phone
Submit
Blog CategoriesBlog Categories
Select Category
Company News
Health IT
healthcare events
healthcare infographics
healthcare trends
News
Uncategorized
Videos
Dapasoft Updates
Dapasoft, A Microsoft Gold Partner serving healthcare, Releases Corolar Virtual Care (CVC) 2.0
Increasing Cyberattacks Threaten COVID-19 Vaccines and Treatment, Microsoft Says
Ontario Announces $2.4 Million Funding for 13 New Ontario Health Teams
>