http://www.cotse.net/privacy/sexualprivacy.htm
APacketdermLLCService
SEXUAL PRIVACY
News stories on gay-lesbian rights and the right to be free from
government intrusion into your sexual activity in your own
home.
Some news items on pornography may be found in this section, while other stories may be found in the
freedom of speech or children-related sections.
Sister's crusade tests brother's right to privacy
"Victoria Morey spent her summer passing out fliers in her brother's neighborhood, alerting them of an incident in his past: Years earlier, Kenneth Morey admitted to having sexual contact with an underage girl... Because Kenneth Morey's offense is a misdemeanor and it happened so long ago outside the state, he doesn't need to tell anyone about the offense in his past -- not police, neighbors or anyone else."
Full story - Burlington Free Press
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 18 09:30:11 EDT 2005
Possessing violent porn punishable by prison sentence
"... framing the law will not be easy, and there are human rights considerations about what people are allowed to view in the privacy of their own homes under Article 8 (right to a private life) and Article 10 (freedom of expression) of the European human rights convention."
Full story - telegraph.co.uk
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 29 20:19:23 EDT 2005
Judge: Gay Sex Laws in Hong Kong Illegal
"A Hong Kong judge ruled Wednesday that laws against gay sex -- including one that demands a life sentence for men under 21 who engage in sodomy -- are unconstitutional and discriminatory."
Full story - Newsday
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 24 11:30:38 EDT 2005
Online Lessons on Unprotected Sex
"Kiss-and-tell is as old as love itself. Fortunately, most indiscreet paramours limit their blabbing to a few confidants. Not Jessica Cutler. In May 2004, she spilled out the graphic details of her sexual exploits on Capitol Hill on a blog accessible to hundreds of millions of Internet users.
Now a federal lawsuit by one of her past lovers has set up a potentially high-stakes battle between privacy and speech rights and could give new meaning to the idea of safe sex in a wired world."
Full story - Washington Post
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 15 10:28:24 EDT 2005
Man Outed on Radio Show to Receive $270K
"A San Francisco man who says he was devastated after he was identified as gay on a national Spanish-language radio show will be paid $270,000 by Univision Radio, an arbitrator has ruled."
Full story - Newsday
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 14 11:21:29 EDT 2005
Refusing to fill Rx should be illegal (Editorial)
"Astounded - outraged. That's my reaction to the latest tactic of ideologues who want to deny women the right to use birth control by allowing pharmacists to refuse to fill their prescriptions.
Shockingly, state legislators, who are charged with protecting the well-being of all their constituents, have joined with these fundamentalists and are now giving legislative cover to pharmacists who deny women their prescriptions. Four states - Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi and South Dakota - have passed laws allowing pharmacists to refuse to dispense medications."
Full story - FortWayne.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Jul 30 08:44:13 EDT 2005
Groups cite bias in lesbian fertility case
"A broad group of health care and community organizations are banding together to support a California woman who was denied insemination because she is a lesbian."
Full story - PlanetOut
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jul 28 10:50:00 EDT 2005
The ethics of 'outing': National debate resonates here
"The defeat of gay rights legislation in Olympia, a newspaper report "outing" a prominent politician and advice from a syndicated ethics columnist have sparked a heated debate about whether the sexul orientation of public officials is fair game.
And it's all leading to predictions that more political outings are on the way in Washington state."
Full story - thenewstribune.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Jul 24 06:20:08 EDT 2005
Memphis Group under Fire for Trying to Transform Gays
"Can parents help children struggling with same-sex attractions turn away from the homosexual lifetsyle? One Memphis father says they can - and the city's gay community is none too happy about it."
Full story - CBN
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Jul 13 10:32:08 EDT 2005
DON'T ASK, DON'T TELL (opinion)
"Twelve gays and lesbians discharged from the military because of their sexual orientation are suing the U.S. Government in an effort to overturn the "don't ask, don't tell" policy that bars homosexuals from openly serving in the military.
The six men and six women are also asking to be reinstated in the military. All were discharged after their sexual orientations became known to their to superiors. The plaintiffs represent all branches of the armed services except the Marines."
Full story - OpEdNews
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Jul 12 11:12:24 EDT 2005
Government seeks dismissal of 'don't ask, don't tell' challenge
"Only Congress can undo the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy on gay service members, a prosecutor argued Friday in urging a federal judge to dismiss a challenge to the rule.
A dozen former soldiers dismissed from the military for being gay sued in December, saying the 12-year-old policy is discriminatory. A judge heard arguments Friday in the government's bid to dismiss the lawsuit."
Full story - Foster's Online
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Jul
9 10:02:51 EDT 2005
Woman Fights 'Don't Ask, Don't' Tell' After Discharge From Navy
"During her first five years in the Navy, Jen Kopfstein avoided conversations about her personal life, taking the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy seriously.
"I felt like I was being forced to lie and having to be dishonest," Kopfstein said. "I could never share anything about my family or my home life or even say what I did on the weekend. It is hurtful to do that."
After she finally wrote a letter to her commanding officer telling him she was a lesbian, she was discharged."
Full story - NBCSanDiego
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jul
7 15:12:32 EDT 2005
Possible dads can register to protect parental rights
"Legal experts say a single phone call can help secure a man's rights as a possible father.
After a night of passion, men can call the state Bureau of Vital Records and Health Statistics and register with the Putative Father Registry.
The law requires that the registry be checked before any adoption is final, and if a man doesn't notify the office within 10 days of his baby's birth, he could find himself legally cut off from the child."
Full story - New Mexican
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Jun 30 05:07:27 EDT 2005
Just How Gay Is the Right? (op-ed)
"... What adds a peculiar dynamic to this anti-gay juggernaut is the continued emergence of gay people within its ranks. Allen Drury would have been incredulous if gay-baiters hounding his Utah senator had turned out to be gay themselves, but this has been a consistent pattern throughout the 30-year war. Terry Dolan, a closeted gay man, ran the National Conservative Political Action Committee, which as far back as 1980 was putting out fund-raising letters that said, "Our nation's moral fiber is being weakened by the growing homosexual movement and the fanatical E.R.A. pushers (many of whom publicly brag they are lesbians).""
Full story - NY Times (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun May 15 09:06:08 EDT 2005
Man convicted of taping sex acts
"A 23-year-old Salt Lake man found guilty of secretly videotaping his roommate in his bedroom engaging in sex has become the first person convicted of a felony under the state's privacy laws.
Jason Turner, an Air Force man stationed at Hickam Air Force Base, was found guilty of videotaping his 20-year-old roommate last year with a camera hidden in an alarm clock-radio in the roommate's bedroom."
Full story - Honolulu Advertiser
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat May 14 16:52:33 EDT 2005
Courts Have Mixed Reactions to Right to Sexual Privacy Ruling
"When the Supreme Court struck down Texas' ban on homosexual sodomy by ruling it violated gays' due process rights, Justice Antonin Scalia warned that the 2003 decision would unleash a "massive disruption of the current social order.""
Full story -
Constitution Center
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Mar 15 08:20:22 EST 2005
Lawmakers should pull out of sex lives (opinion)
"Many of us want something other than four awkward minutes in the missionary position under someone of the opposite sex. In arguing to overturn an Alabama law banning sex toys, plaintiff's argued (uncontested) that 20 percent of women own some type of dildo or vibrator.
Social conservatives predicted just such a sexual Armageddon when the Supreme Court awarded sexual privacy to homosexuals in the Lawrence v. Texas decisions of 2003. If the chips continue to fall against them, the states may find themselves unable to outlaw any type of orgasm in consensual adult situations. At this rate, nobody will be left with any sexual shame, an idea utterly unacceptable in dark-red America."
Full story - Daily Texan
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Mar
4 06:10:20 EST 2005
Other resources on SEXUAL PRIVACY:
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.