https://www.axistechnologyllc.com/our-services/data-privacy/
Data Privacy Solutions
Are you securing your data?
Data Privacy solutions replace information that identifies a natural person such as name, address, phone number, email address, etc. with realistic but fictitious data. Axis can provide you the data privacy solutions you need to quickly secure tens or hundreds of databases or files.Data Privacy Projects
The Right People + The Right Tool = Success!
We can secure your data using some of the leading products and our repeatable data privacy process to quickly allow you to create secure development/testing environments for use by your offshore or third party resources. Some of our service offerings are:
1. GDPR Privacy
Start implementing GDPR, Privacy by Design and by Default
2. Data Privacy as a Service
Accelerate your masking rollout
3. Application Data Privacy
Secure your PII, PHI, and other sensitive data for use in non-production
Privacy for Peoplesoft – secure this popular HR app quickly
Privacy for Oracle EBS/Financials – secure this popular ERP solution quickly
4. Privacy for Mainframe Data
Secure systems of record mainframe files VSAM, DB2, and AS400
5. Privacy for Hadoop
Secure your analytics environment while maintaining valuable insight
Benefits
We create customized solutions that are automated and don’t break your existing test and development environments.
Case StudyGuidewire PrivacyCase StudyLarge Scale MaskingCase StudyMasking DeadlineCase StudyMasking AS400Data Privacy as a ServiceA cost-effective service where Axis provides the data privacy expertise to create scalable, robust, and repeatable solutions customized to your needs. This service allows you to avoid the costs of hiring new resources or retraining existing ones.Mainframe Data PrivacyAxis provides you with the know-how to allow you to leverage your investment – the best data privacy tools in complex mainframe environments. Let our experts show you how to secure your mainframe data without starting from scratch.Data Privacy PilotSome clients wonder, “Will Data Privacy products work for me?” Let Axis show you how easy it can be to deliver de-identified data to your teams – such as name, address, etc. – and reduce your risks of a data breach.Peoplesoft Data PrivacyEmployee data is highly sensitive and needs to be protected. Peoplesoft is a well established HR platform – let us show you how we can quickly implement a data privacy solution for your Peoplesoft development environments.
Axis's Proprietary Data Masking ProcessHave Questions?
First Name*Last Name*PhoneEmail*
CompanyYour MessageCAPTCHA
Data Privacy Plugins
image/svg+xml
Delphix Jira Workflow Templates
Delphix Mainframe
Data Privacy is important
We use cookies and similar technologies to run this website to help us understand how you use it. Privacy Policy
Continue
A Note from Axis on COVID-19
As we continue to monitor the outbreak of COVID-19, our thoughts go out to all those affected.
At Axis, we have two priorities during this time - protecting the health of our employees and community and continuing
to provide our clients with the highest quality data privacy solutions.
Our full team of data privacy specialists has transitioned to working 100% remotely and will continue to do so for the
foreseeable future. We do not anticipate any disruption in our ability to continue to provide all our data privacy
services to our clients in a timely manner.
During these times, data security is more important than ever.
Gone are the days when you could claim data was secure because it could only be accessed from inside a companies office.
As businesses navigate this new landscape, they must also adjust their data security solutions to ensure they are protecting their sensitive client information. As your team adapts to working from home, let us help secure your data by reducing the risk of it being
lost or exposed.
Stay Safe,
Michael LoganCEO