http://www.imagecreation.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Image Creation Website Design Yorkshire
Home
Web Hosting
Domain Name Search
Our Hosting Packages
Super Budget
Budget Account
Home Starter
Home Professional
Business Starter
Business Professional
WordPress Hosting
Joomla Hosting
About Our Web Hosting
Why Choose Us for Hosting
Our Hosting Technology
Managing Your Website
We Give You More!
Web Hosting Hints & Tips
Website Design
Our Design Packages
1 Page Website Design
2 to 4 Page Website
5 to 8 Page Web Design
9 to 15 Page Website
Online Shop Design
Business Blog & CMS
DIY Website Projects
Online Shops / Ecommerce
Web Design Hints & Tips
Internet Marketing
SEO Website Report
Website SEO Packs
Bronze SEO Package
Silver SEO Package
Gold SEO Package
Portfolio
Interactive Websites
Shops & Ecommerce
Brochure Websites
Affiliate Marketing
About Us
IC Website News
Meet the Team
Contact Us
1 Page Design
2 to 4 Pages
5 to 8 Pages
9 to 15 Pages
Blog/CMS Design
Online Shop
DIY Projects
Other Options
Home
Privacy Policy
Domain Name Search
Enter your chosen Domain Name to check the current availability.
.com
.co.uk
.net
.org
.org.uk
.biz
.info
Standard Web Features
Get FREE Domain Name
1st Years Hosting
FREE
Personalised
Email
Pro Stock Photography
Expert Technical Support
Search Engine Optimisation
Visitor Statistics & Reports
& Much More....
The ImageCreation.co.uk Privacy Policy.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for ImageCreation.co.uk. Our purpose in collecting information from you is to help us provide you with a better service, such as notifications about special offers and promotions. We will not willfully disclose any individually identifiable information about you without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy statement. ImageCreation.co.uk wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, so therefore we have agreed to disclose our information and privacy practices for review.
Information Collection and Use
ImageCreation.co.uk is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
What Information is Collected?
In order to register a domain name or apply for one of our website hosting packages, a user must complete the registration process. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address) and any other information that may be relevant to the application. This information is only used to contact the user about these services. We may pass on such data to our partners for the sole purpose of setting up your services. ImageCreation.co.uk will not use your information for any other purposes.
Log Files
ImageCreation.co.uk use Website tracking to track statistics about IP addresses so we can analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses and any other information gathered is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Website Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that ImageCreation.co.uk are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security.
ImageCreation.co.uk takes every precaution to protect our users information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, the information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order forms ask users to enter sensitive information (eg. credit card number ), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post any changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Domain Name Search
Enter your chosen Domain Name to check the current availability.
.com
.co.uk
.net
.org
.org.uk
.biz
.info
Latest Website Designs
Astral Hygiene / Blog & CMS
www.Astral-Hygiene.co.uk
Ren Regress / Brochure Site
www.RenRegress.com
Torbridge / Property Portal
www.torbridge.com
What Our Clients Say"Steve Hey has done a marvellous job with your Website...
"Bev Praverwww.bridlingtontowncrier.co.uk"WOW the website looks fantastic... really like the colours and layout... and the blog is brilliant. Can't believe how good this site looks - well..."Paul Robinson1-2 Clear
Latest Website News
Image Creation Web 2.0 Launched
Help, Hints and Tips
How to Limit Archive Links
eShop Not Processing Orders
Animated Charts for WordPress
FTP (File Transfer Protocol)
Our Special Offers
Professional SEO Website Report
How to Contact Us
01723 890922
sales@imagecreation.co.uk
Online Contact Form
©2020
Image Creation Website Design Yorkshire, North Yorkshire | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | Designed & Powered by Image Creation
Website Design Scarborough Yorkshire.
close me