https://www.asug.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Effective May 24th, 2018
Americas' SAP Users' Group (“ASUG”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement governs your access to and use of the ASUG website, ASUG microsites, Jive, ASUG social media and all third-party registrations systems (collectively, the “Services”), and describes how ASUG collects, uses, and shares your information when you use and interact with our Services. This Statement applies to persons in the United States and anywhere else in the world who use the Services (“Users”). By using the Services, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
Agreement & Eligibility
Your Agreement With ASUG
This Privacy Statement constitutes a binding legal agreement between you, as a User who uses and interacts with the Services, and ASUG. Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement, as well as our Terms of Use, which is incorporated into your agreement with ASUG by this reference. This Privacy Statement applies only to the Services, and ASUG’s collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your information. It does not apply to third party websites, applications, or services.
By using or interacting with our Services you signify your consent to our Privacy Statement and Terms of Service, and the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information described. If you do not agree to the terms of our Privacy Statement and Terms of Service, then you may not use or interact with the Services.
If you have questions about ASUG’s Privacy Statement or practices, or if you need to contact us about the information we collect about you, our contact information is at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Eligibility To Use The Services
ASUG’s Services are not directed to children under the age of 18 You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 18.
Information Collection & Use
ASUG collects information about you through various means, including when you provide information to us and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. We use this information for a variety of different reasons, including to improve the Services and tailor the Services to you. The types of information ASUG may collect include:
Information You Provide to Us:
ASUG Account Information: ASUG may require you to register for an account to use certain Services (an “ASUG Account”). We do not require you register to use all our Services. However, if you do register for Services offering an ASUG Account, you will gain access to those areas and features of the Services that require registration. ASUG will collect certain information about you in connection with your registration for your ASUG Account, which may include Personally Identifiable Information and other information such as a username, password, personal profile, pictures, your location, title, bio, company contact information and information about your contacts. “Personally Identifiable Information” refers to information about you that may be used to identify you, such as your: first name, last name, gender, birth date, home or work address, email address, or telephone number. Some of your ASUG Account information may be displayed publicly. You are not required to provide your Personally Identifiable Information; however, if you choose to withhold certain Personally Identifiable Information, we may not be able to provide you with certain Services.
Demographic Information: ASUG also collects anonymous demographic information about Users of the Services, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites.
Webcasts: ASUG partners with third-party sponsors to produce and distribute webcasts and other online content for both ASUG members and non-members (“Webcasts”). When you register for a Webcast, your registration information, including your name and contact information, may be shared with ASUG and our Webcast sponsor partners, whether or not you are an ASUG member. Users may opt-out of sharing their information with ASUG’s third-party Webcast partners as part of the registration process or by following instructions provided with Webcast registration confirmations.
Events & Conferences: ASUG partners with third-party sponsors to produce events and conferences for both ASUG members and non-members (“Events”). When you register for an Event, your registration information, including your name and contact information, may be shared with ASUG and our Event sponsor partners, whether or not you are an ASUG member. Users may opt-out of sharing their information with ASUG’s third-party Event partners as part of the registration process, where applicable, by following instructions provided with Event registration confirmations, or by filling out the form below.
Message Board Information: Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose Personally Identifiable Information or other sensitive data through ASUG public message boards, this information may be collected and used by ASUG or others. ASUG does not read any of your private online communications.
Payment Transaction Information: We may collect and store information related to purchases made through our Services. You may provide certain information to complete payments via the Services, including your name, address, credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your delivery or shipping address, to complete payment transactions through certain Services. We consider the Payment Information collected via the Services private and ASUG will not make such information public.
Please note ASUG works with Service Providers (as defined below) to operate our online stores and handle payment transactions. ASUG does not itself collect or maintain your credit card or other financial account information; this information is handled for ASUG by our Service Providers. You are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms of Use of our Service Providers when shopping for ASUG products or making donations, the terms of which may differ from those of ASUG for the Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies and Terms of Use before using their services.
Form Information: We may use forms to request certain information from you in order to perform certain Services, such as your location to assist you in locating our products, or your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include Personally Identifiable Information.
Correspondence Information: If you sign up, email us, subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists, or make purchases through the Services, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you. We do not share or sell any personal information to other organizations for commercial purposes. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, you may let us know by emailing us at memberservices@asug.com. Please note requests to remove your email address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services.
Support Information: You may provide information to us via a support request submitted through the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other Users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive information that you do not wish for ASUG or our Service Providers to have access to or use in the future.
Information We Collect Automatically:
Cookies, Web Beacons, And Other Tracking Technologies: ASUG may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, referring website addresses, and information about your computer hardware and software. We do this for the operation of the Services, to maintain the quality of the Services, to help analyze the use of and improve the Services, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the Services. Through these technologies, we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. We use cookies to deliver personalized content, to save you having to re-enter your password repeatedly, to keep track of your shopping cart, and to tailor our information offerings to how you and others use the site. Some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Links: ASUG may automatically collect information related to links to third party websites, including referring website addresses and links you may click to other websites from the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. ASUG encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from ASUG so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. ASUG is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the ASUG and ASUG family of websites.
Unique Identifiers: When you use or access the Services, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "Unique Identifiers," such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”). A Unique Identifier may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of Unique Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Log File Information: When you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system, the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, or interact with our email notifications. ASUG uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and to customize the content we show you. ASUG may link this log file to other information ASUG collects about you via the Services.
Public Information: ASUG may also collect information about you from publicly available sources. Information you make publicly available in any public or open forum, such as on a social network, may be considered public information for the purposes of this Privacy Statement, and may be accessed and collected by ASUG. Please be aware that any content or information you share with or provide to third parties using or related to your use of the Services is nether private, nor confidential. ASUG is not responsible for any content or information you post or share with third parties. If you do not wish for certain information to be public, please do not share it.
Information Sharing
ASUG does not sell, rent, lease, or otherwise disclose private personal information to third parties without your consent, except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Statement. ASUG may disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
ASUG Personnel: ASUG’s personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
External Business Partners: ASUG may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about an offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique Personally Identifiable Information is not transferred to the third party.
Service Providers: ASUG works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you ("Service Providers"), such as hosting companies, e-commerce shopping website providers to provide the online shops available via the Services, payment processors to process payments, and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. We may share your personal information with our Service Providers for the purpose of providing the Services. The information we share to our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including Personally Identifiable Information, Payment Information (to payment processing providers only), information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, log files, Unique Identifiers, and location data. ASUG takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on ASUG’s behalf. If ASUG becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
Online Shops: ASUG works with third party Service Providers to operate our online stores and handle payment transactions. When you click links such as “Shop” within our Services, you are redirected to one of our third-party Service Provider’s platforms to shop and complete purchases. ASUG does not itself collect or maintain your credit card or other financial account information; this information is handled for ASUG by our Service Providers. ASUG does not collect additional information about you when you are using our Service Providers’ services, but our Service Providers may share certain information they collect about you with ASUG as part of your use of their services, such as information about customers who have made purchases after using ASUG’s Services. Please note you are subject to the Privacy Policies and Terms of Use of our Service Providers, including when shopping for ASUG products or making donations, the terms of which may differ from those of ASUG for the Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies and Terms of Use before using their services.
Business Transactions: ASUG may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a “Business Transaction”). Your information, including Personally Identifiable Information, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction.
Lawful Requests: We may be required to disclose User information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. ASUG will disclose your information, including Personally Identifiable Information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ASUG or the Services; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ASUG; (c) to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using the ASUG name; and, (d) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ASUG, or the public.This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Statement is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Accessing & Modifying Your Information
Access To The Information ASUG Has Collected About You
ASUG provides certain tools and settings within the Services to help you access, correct, delete, or modify your personal information associated with the Services. ASUG welcomes you to contact us regarding the information we have collected about you, including regarding the nature and accuracy of the data has collected about you, or to request an update or deletion of your information. Requests to delete or remove your information do not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted, and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt-out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We may store the information we collect about you indefinitely, but information generally will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, or as otherwise required by law. Following termination or deactivation of your ASUG Account, ASUG may retain your information and content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and audit purposes.
Opting-Out Of Communications From ASUG
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from ASUG by following the unsubscribe process described in an email communication, by contacting us using the contact information provided below, or by using this link. However, please note you may not opt-out of Services-related communications, such as account verification, purchase and billing confirmations, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Do Not Track
ASUG does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including Personally Identifiable Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
Security of Your Information
ASUG takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. ASUG implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. When personal information (such as a credit card or bank account number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, ASUG cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Please do your part to help us keep your information secure. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and ASUG Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or ASUG Account. ASUG specifically reserves the right to terminate your access to the Services and any contract you have with ASUG related to the Services in the event it learns or suspects you have disclosed your ASUG Account or password information to an unauthorized third party.
Additional Provisions Regarding the Services & Your Information
Transfer And Storage Of Your Information
Please note information ASUG collects about you may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state or country where privacy laws may differ from and may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that ASUG may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to the United States and process and store it there. By allowing collection of your Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to having your personal data transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States.
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information to a country or jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of Service Providers. By submitting your information, registering for, or using the Services, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States, or any other country in which ASUG or our Service Providers maintain facilities, and to the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Statement.
EU General Data Protection Regulation
ASUG adheres strictly to the requirements of the EU GDPR, wherever we store your personal information.
If you purchase and consume ASUG services while in the European Union, on or after May 25, 2018 and to the extent that it is reasonably ascertainable that you are making such purchase or use of ASUG products in the EU:
ASUG will not use your personal information without your specific consent granted by your opting IN to our email marketing.
We will notify you as soon as reasonably possible of any breach of ASUG's storage of your personal information.
Other provisions in this Privacy Policy address the information that ASUG collects, how long we store it, and who may have access to your information.
Your opt-out rights and procedures to remove your Personal Information are elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. (See “Opting-Out Of Communications From ASUG” provision herein.)
ASUG does not store or transfer data anywhere other than the U.S.A., but does contract with a hosted web services provider which may transfer or store data within the EU. Other than accepting information on its website from a person who may be in the EU at the time of submitting their Personal Information, or through GDPR-compliant web services provider, ASUG will not transfer any Personal Information data to or from the EU to or from any other country.
ASUG will provide you with the Personal Information we have about you on your request to privacy@asug.com. ASUG will respond within 30 days to your request and provide information in a portable, useable format. ASUG will verify the identity of anyone making a request of production of such data before providing the information.
We will maintain Personal Information until that person, or his/her assigns, heirs or legal representative requests that we remove that Personal Information.
You may request that ASUG remove any Personal Information that we have about you. Please send your request along with the reasons for your request to privacy@asug.com. ASUG will respond to your request without undue delay, verify the identity and authority of anyone making a request, and take all reasonable steps to comply with your request within the requirements of EU GDPR Regulations.
ASUG DOES NOT REQUEST, COLLECT OR ACCEPT ANY SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION, SUCH AS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER, RACIAL OR ETHNIC ORIGIN, POLITICAL POSITIONS, RELIGIOUS BELIEFS, HEALTH MATTERS, CRIMINAL BACKGROUND, BLOOD TYPE, INCOME, AGE, OR CREDIT RECORDS OR UNION MEMBERSHIP.
Safely Using ASUG’s Services
Despite ASUG’s safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services are entirely free of illegal, offensive, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or illegal conduct from other Users when using the Services. You can help ASUG by notifying us of any unwelcome contact by contacting us using the information below.
Changes to this Statement
ASUG may modify this Privacy Statement from time to time. The most current version of this policy will govern our use of your information and will be located at https://www.asug.com/privacy-statement. We will notify you of material changes to this policy by emailing you at an email address associated with your ASUG Account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Statement.
Contact Information
ASUG welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that ASUG has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ASUG at privacy@asug.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
By submitting your email address, you state that ASUG may no longer share your information, including name and email address, with event sponsor partners, as detailed under Events & Conferences in ASUG's Privacy Statement.