http://www.adducive.com/privacy.html
GAMES
CONSULTING
Adducive App and Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers the Adducive website and the iOS and Android apps published by Adducive
(“the App”).
These are services provided by Brian R. Krause, doing business
as Adducive (“Adducive”).
The App
The App does not collect personal information. To improve and develop
the App, Adducive may collect information about your experience with
the App in a way that it does not associate the information with an
identifiable person. This may include game scores, time spent,
achievements and information about your device including its model and
software version. Adducive uses Firebase Analytics from Google for
these purposes and to track sales. Adducive has disabled location
tracking and limited retention to the extent Google allows. Google
uses the advertising identifier if your preferences allow it. Even if
the App does not show ads, the advertising identifier is used to track
the source of sales. Firebase Analytics records your Internet Protocol
(IP) address and device identifiers and reports on audience
demographics in a way that does not identify a
particular individual. Adducive may also receive crash reports through
Apple and Google.
Purchasing the App itself, making In-App Purchases and rating
or reviewing the App relies on Apple, Google or companies affiliated with
Apple and Google who may collect a variety of information, including your name,
mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences,
device identifiers, Internet Protocol (IP) address, location
information and credit card information. If you use Game Center to
connect with friends, Apple or its affiliates may collect the
information you provide about those people such as name, mailing
address, email address, and phone number. This information is used to
fulfill your requests or to fight fraud. You are responsible for any
information you disclose in a review.
If the App displays ads, AdMob from Google is the provider. Refer to Google’s privacy policy for details. Adducive has access to aggregated statistics collected by Google's advertising systems.
Adducive website and network features in the App
Visiting Adducive’s website, or using network features of the
App like the tutorial, leaderboards, rating and review, and downloads may use
Adducive’s servers or the website of third parties including
Apple, and Google’s YouTube and Cloud products.
Information about visits to
Adducive’s servers is stored in log files and may include IP
addresses, Internet service provider (ISP), referring websites and
applications, browser type and operating system, language preferences,
and date and time.
This information helps Adducive to understand App
and feature use in order to improve the App, tutorials, leaderboards, and
downloadable content and to administer the website, including to make
it efficient and economical to run and to fight unauthorized access.
Please refer to the third party privacy policies to understand what
they collect and how they use your data.
If you contact Adducive through the website or email, your
name, email address and other information you provide may be used to
answer your question or to provide support.
Third party privacy policies
Adducive encourages you to review the privacy policies of third parties involved in providing services or content to you when you use the App.
Apple at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
How to contact Adducive
If you have questions or concerns, you can reach Adducive at privacy@adducive.com.
Copyright © 2020, Adducive
2875 W. Ray Rd. Ste. 6-126, Chandler, AZ 85224, U.S.A.
brk@adducive.com, +1 480-256-2978
Privacy
Legal