http://www.trmnet.com/privacy-policy/
703-548-4285
703.548.4285
Contact Us
Legal
Privacy Policy
At TRM we recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with applicable data protection laws in all countries in which TRM operates.
This Privacy Statement is effective as of May 20, 2018.
This Privacy Statement describes TRM’s general privacy practices that apply to personal information we collect, use and share about clients, business partners and other contacts.
Collection of Personal Information
TRM collects and stores data as it relates to you through the following methods:
Third party sources of information
Offline communications and interactions
Customer communications
Sales Inquiries
Event Registration Screens and Online forms
Automated means such as communications, protocols, and cookies
The data collected may include:
Contact information (first name, last name, company name, email address, phone number, and corporate address) and website activity (referral source, pages visited, length of visit, navigation paths, links clicked and etc.).
Information about your computer including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referring/exit pages, clickstream data and/or a date/time stamp for your visit;
Any other personal information that you send to us.
TRM collects data from you for the following purposes:
Personalized Communications (to personalize and send emails)
Requested Support or Information (to contact incoming inquiries regarding sales or support)
Event Registration (to communicate with you about an upcoming event or webinar that you have registered for)
Website Visits (for those already in our system, what pages they visited on our website and when)
Promotions (to promote upcoming events, sales promotions, content, etc.)
To provide content based on your needs (segmented content may be sent by region, industry, etc.)
Send you notifications and communications that you specifically requested (ex. enewsletter)
Providing third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information)
We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
Retention
We will not retain personal information longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is processed, including the security of our processing complying with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. audit, accounting and statutory retention terms), handling disputes, and for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims in the countries where we do business.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
TRM and our marketing partners, third party ad networks, affiliates, or analytics or service providers use cookies or similar technologies in analyzing trends, administering the website, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site.
We use Google Analytics, Google Adwords, LinkedIn, Facebook, Pardot and Ensighten cookies on our website to recognize a computer when a user visits the website, track users as they navigate the website, improve the website’s usability, analyze the use of the website, administer the website target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users, etc.
Consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website permits us to use cookies every time you visit our website.
Links to Third Party Websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Notification of Changes
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
Your Rights
If you have a question about this Privacy Statement or TRM’s handling of your information, you can send an email to the TRM website coordinator at marketing@trmnet.com.
If you wish to obtain a copy of particular information you provided to TRM, or if you become aware the information is incorrect and you would like us to correct it contact us at marketing@trmnet.com.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing e-mails from TRM, please send an e-mail to marketing@trmnet.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each marketing email.
In the event you consider our processing of your personal information not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can lodge a complaint at marketing@trmnet.com.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Compliance
This privacy policy is intended to comply with all applicable law, including without limitation, the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and GDPR.
Legal
TRM may disclose your information in special cases. For example, your information may be disclosed when TRM believes that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone, or if TRM believes in good faith that the law requires disclosure.
Your information will never be shared with or sold to third party contacts or organizations.
Security
TRM takes the security of your data seriously. All of our systems use the most up-to-date standard security protocols and mechanisms to exchange the transmission of sensitive data, and maintain contact data.
RulesManager Demo Request
First name*Last name*Phone*Work Email Address*
Company*Title*NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
AAM Demo Request
First name*Last name*Phone*Email*
Company*Title*Interested in...*choose oneAccess to Preview SiteDemo with ConsultantCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
X
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing, you agree to our Privacy Policy.OK