http://www.ztrace.com/privacy.asp
Login Name
Password
Our privacy policy
At zTraceTM we recognize the importance of protecting your personal information. Because the privacy of our subscribers is of the utmost importance to us, it is the firm's policy to ensure that all of the personal information we collect from you remains private and secure. There are several additional steps you can take to maximize your online security. Below is our Privacy Statement.
ZTRACE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Information Collection and Use
Company zTrace, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Company zTrace, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site in which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender) and unique identifiers (such as social security number), but users are encouraged to do so in order that we may provide more personalized service.
Ordering
The contact and financial information that we request on our order form (such as name, shipping address, or credit-card number and expiration date) is used only for billing purposes and the filling of orders. If we have trouble filling an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.
Contact Forms
We collect contact information from several of our forms. We use that information to only send you the information you requested.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information provided while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates, therefore it is a session based cookie.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site, but will be limited in some site areas. For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience of our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files.
This includes IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, browser type, ISP (Internet Service Provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and #of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to, nor include, any personal information that can identify any individual user or personally identified third party.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit-card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for provision of these services by the third party. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we at zTrace, Inc. are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware before they leave our site that they are responsible for reading the privacy statements of each and every linked web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement therefore applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used only to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring the use of this site or improving the use and satisfaction of its users.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. zTrace, Inc. will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. zTrace, Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend may contact zTrace at remove@zTrace.com to request the removal of this information from our database.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to regain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure that our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you may send an email to
security@zTrace.com.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd-party sources.
Specifically, zTrace Recovery Team work in tandem with Law Enforcement Agencies around the country to facilitate the recovery of our customer's stolen property.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
If you sign up for our product 'alerts' users receive the same types of communications. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option that they not receive such communications. Please see our Choice/Opt-out clause below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members may not un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. In this regard, we communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone. However, these site and service announcements or updates are not promotional in nature.
Correction/Updating of Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data as provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page after the user is logged into his/her account or by emailing our Customer Support at support@zTrace.com.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at support@zTrace.com.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so that our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so that our users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if you have deleted/deactivated your account information you will not be contacted, nor will your personal information be used in this new manner.
We will use information strictly in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Copyright © 1999-2004 zTrace Technologies. All rights reserved. Terms of Use. Privacy Policy.