http://www.hostmysite.com/termsofservice/100-uptime-guarantee/
www.
.com
.net
.org
.biz
.info
.us
apartments
.asia
.bingo
.bz
.ca
.capital
.careers
.cc
.ch
.church
.claims
.clinic
.cn
.co
.co.uk
.coach
.codes
.com
.com.mx
.condos
.cruises
.dk
.es
.fr
.gallery
.in
.io
.me
.me.uk
.mobi
.mx
.name
.org.uk
.pro
.properties
.solar
.tv
.ws
HostMySite.com Standard for Service
We understand the necessity of high availability to our customers and make every effort to provide services that consistently exceed your expectations. We offer the following levels of service to ensure maximum availability and performance. The HostMySite.com 100% uptime guarantee sets standards for service in these critical areas:
Network Availability
We guarantee that our network will be available 100% of the time (excluding scheduled maintenance). Should we incur a network outage, HostMySite.com will credit the customer 5% of their monthly fee for every 30 minutes of downtime (up to, but not exceeding 100% of one monthly payment, and the credit will be applied toward future payments). Network uptime comprises the functioning of all network infrastructure including cabling, switches and routers. Services or software running on your server are not included in the definition of our network. Network downtime exists if your server is unable to transmit and receive data and a ticket is opened for the incident in the HostMySite.com ticket tracking system. Please contact your account manager for additional information and terms regarding the HostMySite.com uptime guarantee.
Infrastructure Guarantee
We guarantee that critical systems, including power and HVAC, will be available 100% of the time (excluding scheduled maintenance). Should an outage due to critical system failure occur, Hostmysite.com will credit the customer 5% of the server’s monthly fee for every 30 minutes of downtime (up to, but not exceeding 100% of one monthly payment, and the credit will be applied toward future payments). Critical systems include functioning of all power and HVAC infrastructure including UPS equipment and cabling. Power supplies of individual servers are not included (see below for Hardware Guarantee). Critical systems downtime exists when a customer’s server is shut down due to power or heat problems and a ticket has been opened for the incident in the HostMySite.com ticket tracking system. Critical system downtime is measured from the time the ticket is opened regarding server downtime to the time the problem is resolved and the server comes back on line. Please contact your account manager for additional information and terms regarding the HostMySite.com uptime guarantee.
Hardware Guarantee
We guarantee the proper function of your leased hardware components and will replace any failed component at no cost to you. The replacement process will begin when the cause of the problem has been determined. Hardware replacement is guaranteed to take no more than 1 hour. In the event that it does take us more than 1 hour to replace faulty hardware, we will credit the customer 5% of the monthly fee per additional 30 minutes of downtime (up to, but not exceeding 100% of one monthly payment, and the credit will be applied toward future payments). Hardware is defined as the processor(s), RAM, hard disk(s), motherboard, NIC card and other related components included under the server lease.
Please Note: Delinquent customers may not take advantage of our uptime guarantee. Please contact your account manager for additional information and terms regarding the HostMySite.com uptime guarantee. This web page is a brief overview of our uptime guarantee, and does not supersede any existing contractual agreements between HostMySite.com and its customers, nor does it imply any agreement without a server contract. All credits must be requested by the customer within 3 days of the reported downtime, and the downtime must be from a single occurrence.
Comments are closed.
By using this website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Notice. You may opt-out at any time in the Cookies section of the Privacy Notice page.
Opt-in