http://www.chathour.com/account/terms
Click Here for Mobile Version
[weirdtown chat 2.0]
join | log in
Chat Hour Terms of Use
Welcome to chathour.com ("Chat Hour") formerly WeirdTown Chat.
These Terms of Use
govern your use of the websites, software and services offered through Chat Hour (the "Service").
Your affirmative act of using Chat Hour signifies that you agree to the following Terms of Use
.
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE
We may change these Terms of Use
at any time. You can review the most current version of these terms by clicking on the "terms of use
" hypertext link located at the bottom of the contact page contact page (http://www.chathour.com/support/contact). You are responsible for checking these terms periodically for changes. If you continue to use Chat Hour after we post changes to these Terms of Use
you are signifying your acceptance of the new terms.
PRIVACY POLICY
Chat Hour Privacy Policy explains the practices that apply to your information when you use Chat Hour. Your ongoing use of Chat Hour signifies your consent to the information practices disclosed in our Privacy Policy. You can review the Privacy Policy by visiting our Privacy Policy page (http://www.chathour.com/account/privacy_policy).
MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials
("Content") , whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Chat Hour, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. Chat Hour does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Chat Hour be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss, theft, or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service.
You agree to not use the Service to:
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
send sexual content or threaten to minors in any way;
impersonate any person, business or entity, including Chat Hour and its employees and agents;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
violate or infringe the rights of others including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, publicity or other proprietary rights;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
victimize, harass, degrade, or intimidate an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities.
encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, or that gives rise to civil liability;
interfere with the use of Chat Hour by others.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Chat Hour may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms of Use
; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Chat Hour, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You agree that Chat Hour may send communications to the email address listed on your account. Communications include information about changes to our service and messages from our members Chat Hour sends to you on their behalf. It is your responsibility to unsubscribe from our certain types of communications or delete your account when it is no longer needed.
YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
In consideration of your use of Chat Hour, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the country in which you reside or other applicable jurisdiction. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are 13 years of age or older, and if you are not of the age of majority where you reside, you will only use the Service with parental or legal guardian consent (following their review of this Agreement). You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Chat Hour has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Chat Hour has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). If your account is disabled or banned from one or more chat rooms, you must not create another account without our permission.
CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE SERVICE
Chat Hour does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant Chat Hour worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive licenses
to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
NO DUTY TO MONITOR
You agree that we are not liable for Content that is provided by others. We have no duty to pre-screen Content, but we have the right to refuse to post or to edit submitted Content. We reserve the right to remove Content for any reason, but we are not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such material.
INDEMNITY
Upon a request by us, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us and
other affiliated companies, and our respective employees, contractors, officers, directors, and agents from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney's fees that arise from your use or misuse of Chat Hour.
SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the
country in which you reside.
MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
Chat Hour reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Chat Hour shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
TERMINATION
Your right to use Chat Hour
automatically terminates if you violate these Terms of Use
or any rules or guidelines posted in connection with Chat Hour. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of Chat Hour, for any reason, with or without notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Chat Hour be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profit damages arising from your use of the web site or the service, even if Chat Hour has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Chat Hour's liability to you for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action, shall at all times be limited to ten dollars (US$10).
SEVERABILITY AND INTEGRATION
This contract and any supplemental terms, policies, rules and guidelines posted on Chat Hour constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede all previous written or oral agreements. If any part of these Terms of Use
is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Choice of Law and Forum. The Terms of Use and the relationship between you and Chat Hour shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Chat Hour agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of San Diego, California.
back to chat rooms
chat rooms | member search | my profile | create chat rooms | browse members | contact | privacy policy | terms of use | mobile version
user-created rooms:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
©2020 chathour.com All rights reserved.