https://www.intergage.co.uk/cookies-policy
Privacy and Cookies
Control How We Use
Your Data On This Site
Intergage use Cookies to provide an improved User Experience.
Cookies are necessary to allow you to log in, use advanced navigation features, and store your preferences.
Cookies can also be used for Analytical Purposes, where anonymous data about your visit is recorded and used to improve the website.
Intergage also uses Social Media Sharing icons, these allow you to easily share content with your network. These Social Media Sharing icons also use Cookies to record who has shared what content.
If you are logged in, you can also use this page to manage your Marketing Consent Preferences, which give you control over how we can contact you.
Intergage will use your preferences to provide the best content we can, and respect your privacy.
Please check your preferences below and update them if you need to:
How this information is used
Your data will not be shared with third parties
You will only be contacted via the channels you have opted in to
Your data will only be stored for these purposes
Necessary Cookies:
Necessary Cookies are required for the normal function of this website. These cookies can be disabled in the browser settings.
Analytical Cookies:
Enabling Analytical Cookies provides information that helps us to improve the website
Tracking Cookies:
Tracking Cookies allow us to understand your flow and interaction through the website so we can make improve navigation
Social Cookies:
Enabling Social Cookies turns on Social Sharing buttons throughout the site
Confirm
Request To
Be Forgotten
Intergage store the minimum amount of data necessary to provide your User Experience, honour contracts, and work on projects.
At any time you can request a copy of this, or request to have all of the data we hold about you anonymised.
Please contact us on the form below if you would like more information.
Your Name:*
Your Email Address:*
Your Company:
I request:*
More Information
A copy of my data
To be anonymised
Comments:
Any additional information you would like to add
Enter not this field:
*Indicates a field you must enter.
When you have completed the form, please click the Send Details button ONCE to send
Send Details Reset