http://www.dolphinics.com/company/privacy_policy.html
Home
Home
Products
Gen 3 PCIe Products
PXH810 x8 NTB HBA
PXH812 x8 H/T Adapter
PXH830 x16 NTB HBA
PXH832 x16 H/T Adapter
PXH840 x16 NTB HBA
PXH842 x16 H/T Adapter
PXH820 x16 XMC NTB Adapter
PXH822 x16 XMC H/T Adapter
MXH830 x16 NTB HBA
MXH832 x16 H/T Adapter
MXS824 24 port Gen3 Switch box
IXS600 8 port Gen3 Switch box
Gen 4 PCIe Products
MXH930 x16 NTB HBA
MXH932 x16 H/T Adapter
Gen 2 PCIe Products
IXH610 x8 Host Adapter
IXH620 x8 XMC Adapter
IXH631 x8 Host Adapter
PCI Express Expansion Backplanes
PCIe 4.0 Two Slot Backplane
PCIe 3.0 Two Slot Backplane
PCI Express Cables
PCIe 3.0 / MiniSAS-HD
PCIe iPass
PCI Express Software
eXpressWare for Linux
eXpressWare for Windows
eXpressWare for VxWorks
eXpressWare for RTX
Solutions
PCIe SmartIO
NVMe over PCIe Fabrics
High Speed Reflective Memory
Transparent Host Target Solutions
Low latency Data Transfers
PCIe Software for Embedded
High Speed Data Transfers
Peer to Peer Transfers for GPUs and FPGAs
Accelerated Database solution
SuperSockets Sockets
SISCI Shared Memory API
IPoPCIe software
Device Lending software
Driver for transparent cards
Support
Documentation
Whitepapers
Software Download
Software for PXH adapters
Software for MXH adapters
Software for IXH adapters
StarFabric Software
Software for SCI adapters
Software for DX adapters
Sales
Direct Sales
Resellers
North America
Europe
Asia
Partners
Events
Company
About Dolphin
Corporate Contacts
News
News
Home
Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dolphin Interconnect Solutions AS
("us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.dolphinics.com
(the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are a Data Controller of your information.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information
described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we
collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
We
needs to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
Processing your personal information is in our legitimate interests
We needs to comply with the law
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site and our business. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this information.
We will retain your personal information only for as long
as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will
retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If
you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have
certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal
Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our
systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification.
The right to object.
The right of restriction.
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (December 17th 2019) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@dolphinics.com.
About us
Dolphin is a leader in PCI Express Software and Hardware for multi-computing systems.
Since 1992, Dolphin has developed multi-computing solutions for embedded, scientific, and OEM application.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Email: info@dolphinics.com
Support: pci-support@dolphinics.com
Sales: sales@dolphinics.com
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter and stay up to date with the latest news and deals!
Subscribe
Popular Links
Software Downloads
Documentation
Whitepapers
Press Releases
Upcoming Tradeshows
StarFabric Products
PCIe Gen1 Products
SCI Products
2019 © Dolphin ICS. ALL Rights Reserved.