http://www.wyka-warzecha.com/website/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises understands the importance of protecting
personal privacy
and is committed to protecting customers privacy. When orders
are placed, Wyka-Warzecha
Enterprises
uses the information from customers to correctly process orders
and to improve
our ability to understand our customer's needs. Wyka-Warzecha
Enterprises policy applies only to
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises. Orders are processed securely by RegSoft.Com,
and their complete privacy policy can be viewed at www.regsoft.com.
Description of Information Collected and Usage
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises stores only an e-mail address when a
customer wishes to be
added to our newsletter. When a customer makes a purchase, except for
credit card
details, information supplied on the purchase order is passed to
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises.
This information may be used to notify the customer automatically of
product updates, upgrades, new products, support and/or special
pricing offers on
future products.
Orders are handled through RegSoft.Com and their complete privacy
policy can be seen from their website at
www.regsoft.com. When an order is processed, except for credit card
details,
information supplied on the purchase order form is passed through to
Wyka-Warzecha
Enterprises from Regsoft.Com. No credit card details (credit card
number, expiry date)
is ever seen, received or stored by Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises.
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises also reserves the right to provide aggregate
information
about site usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any individual
identification,
to third parties for marketing research.
Information Collected for Internal Feedback
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises reserves the right to aggregate the data
collected
and use it for market research purposes in order to improve
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises
customer service and products. This aggregated data will not include
information
that would personally identify a customer.
Policies Regarding Third Parties
Orders are processed securely by Regsoft.Com, and their privacy policy can
be
viewed
on their website at www.regsoft.com.
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises current policy is to not sell, rent or trade
personal information to others; however, Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises
reserves the right
to do so in the future. If Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises does decide to do
this,
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises will email each customer and give each
customer 30 days
to inform us if he or she wishes for your information to remain
private.
Customers with concerns about disclosing personal information may send
an e-mail to
privac, at wyka-warzecha.com, and your information will remain private.
In this email,
customers should include a current email address and the words "remain
private" in the
subject field.
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises Privacy Policy Changes
If Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises decides to change its privacy policy,
Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises will post these changes here. Please feel
free to
contact Wyka-Warzecha Enterprises to our webmaster, at wyka-warzecha.com
if
you have further questions regarding our privacy policy.