https://www.matthewsvolvosite.com/privacy/
Skip to the content
Close
Home
Problems & FixesShow sub menu
Stage 0 – Tune Everything Up On Your Volvo – The List of Parts & Labor
Volvo Repair Database – DIY Repairs, Tutorials for Volvo Cars
> Volvo Problems, by Category
> Volvo Problems, by Model
> Volvo Problems, All
Powersearch
Volvo ETM
CodesShow sub menu
Codes: 1999+ Volvos
Codes: 1995 to 1998 Volvos
Codes: 1980s-1995 Volvos
Resources & ReferenceShow sub menu
Volvo Air Conditioning
Volvo Fuel Economy
Glossary
Volvo AWD Systems Explained
Volvo Transmissions Guide
Volvo Four-C Suspension
Volvo paint codes
Volvo Parts Online
Volvo VIN Search
Volvo PlatformsShow sub menu
P2 Platform
SPA Platform
CMA Platform
Actual ToolsShow sub menu
AST Volvo Service Light Reset Tool Loaner
Volvo Delta Link Tool – Big Blue Loaner
Volvo Delta Link Tool – For Loan
Volvo ECU Removal Tool
ForumsShow sub menu
Your Forum Posts
Volvo Cars & SUVs
Volvo Classifieds
Miscellaneous
VolvosShow sub menu
V90 Cross Country
V90
S90
XC60
XC90 2015-
XC90 2003-2014
XC70 & V70 XC
V70
S40 and V40
S80
S70
S60
XC40
XC60
C30
850
MVSShow sub menu
MVS Newsletter – It’s Awesome
Using MVSShow sub menu
How to Write a Tutorial/DIY
MVS Contributors
How to Register for the Volvo Forum
What to Do After Registration
How to Post a Photo
How The MVS-Amazon Link Works
Subscribe to Specific MVS Volvo Forums
New Here? Need Help?Show sub menu
MVS Newbies’ Page
MVS Volvo Help Page
The History of MVS
Advertise on MVS
Contact Matthew
MVS Sponsors & Partners
Donate to MVS
Volvo Classifieds
Give Back to MVS
MVS Philosophy
Privacy
FeaturesShow sub menu
Making Your Volvo Faster
Volvo HistoryShow sub menu
How the 700 Series Saved Volvo
When the C30 & S60 Went Racing
History of the Volvo 5 Cylinder
All Shook Up: Volvo’s 850 Wagon in the 1994 BTCC
20 Years of Polestar’s History with Volvo
Volvo’s Own 850 History
Volvo 340 History
Stage 0 – Tune Everything Up On Your Volvo – The List of Parts & Labor
Volvo Performance & Tuning
Cream Yellow 850 T-5R Volvos & Paint Code
How Will You Buy Your Next Car? Care by Volvo?
Volvos with CarPlay 2018
Volvo High Milage Club Badge History
Matthew’s 2004 Volvo V70 R
Volvo R Owner’s Guide
Polls
Help!
© 2020 Volvo forum + help for owners
New? Start here. There are 39 Volvo forum users online now. See the forum's active topics. Say hi
contact Matthew.
Email
All Matthews Volvo Site email complies with the CAN-SPAM Act.
Newsletter Email
You can unsubscribe here from the MVS Newsletter.
Forums Email
Matthews Volvo Site Forums privacy is covered here. If you have a Matthews Volvo Site Forums account, you may change your Forums email preferences here.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Matthews Volvo Site collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Matthews Volvo Site’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Matthews Volvo Site’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Matthews Volvo Site may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Matthews Volvo Site also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. Matthews Volvo Site only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Matthews Volvo Site website choose to interact with Matthews Volvo Site in ways that require Matthews Volvo Site to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Matthews Volvo Site gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at WordPress.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Matthews Volvo Site – by purchasing access to the Akismet comment spam prevention service, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Matthews Volvo Site collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Matthews Volvo Site. Matthews Volvo Site does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Matthews Volvo Site may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Matthews Volvo Site may monitor the most popular blogs on the WordPress.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Matthews Volvo Site may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Matthews Volvo Site does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Matthews Volvo Site discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Matthews Volvo Site’s behalf or to provide services available at Matthews Volvo Site’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Matthews Volvo Site’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Matthews Volvo Site will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Matthews Volvo Site discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Matthews Volvo Site believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Matthews Volvo Site, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Matthews Volvo Site website and have supplied your email address, Matthews Volvo Site may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Matthews Volvo Site and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Matthews Volvo Site takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Matthews Volvo Site uses cookies to help Matthews Volvo Site identify and track visitors, their usage of Matthews Volvo Site website, and their website access preferences. Matthews Volvo Site visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Matthews Volvo Site’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Matthews Volvo Site’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Matthews Volvo Site, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Matthews Volvo Site goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Matthews Volvo Site may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Matthews Volvo Site and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Go to mobile version