http://www.docuvantage.com/privacy-policy
DocuVantage -
(866) 367-3467 ext. 1
About Us
Single Point of Contact
By-Your-Side Implementation
Structured Data
Export Assurance
Pricing
Contact Us
Products
Document Management
Workflow (Business Process Automation)
Information Governance and Records Management
Email/Fax Management
Services
Document Scanning, Document Conversion & Digitization
Document Management Analysis
Workflow Analysis
Solutions
Business Solutions
Case Management
Contract Management
Marketing
Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Explanation of Benefits Processing
Human Resources
Industry Solutions
Power Generation
Higher Education
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing and Distribution
Non Profit and NGO
Customer Solutions
Offers
Resources
Videos
Pricing
Try DocuVantage OnDemand for Free
Support
FAQ's
Tutorials
Basic Tutorials
What is Document Management?
What is Document Capture?
What is Document Indexing?
What is Document Storage?
What is Document Retrieval?
What are Business Process Management and Workflow?
What are Records Management and Compliance?
How to Ensure Success with your Document Management System
Advanced Tutorials
Document Management Strategies
SaaS Document Management
Easy Document Management
Taking Document Management to the Next Level
Partners
Marketing Campaign Management with HubSpot
Production Scanning with EzeScan
Minority Business Certifications
Purchasing Contracts
News and Events
Newsletter Archives
Blog
Press Releases
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the DocuVantage® web site. Your privacy is very important to us.
When you visit the DocuVantage portal, the web server automatically recognizes the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified.
If you choose to share personal information, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law.
Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state, county or city business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.
If you have other questions about this privacy policy, or have suggestions on how it may be improved, please feel free to e-mail us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or contact us by telephone at 863.326.6360
Business Solutions
Marketing
Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Contract Management
Explanation of Benefits Processing
Human Resources
Blog and News
I Have a Spreadsheet for Tracking Contracts, What Could Go Wrong?
Cloud-based Process Automation During a Pandemic
Who needs reminders?
Accounts Payable Automation Allows You to Work Anywhere
Why Can’t I Just Use Emails For Invoice Approvals?
PGT SocialWeb - Copyright © 2010 by pagit.eu
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Support
Partners
Privacy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Go to top