https://www.transintl.com/privacy-policy/
TransIntl > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping & DeliveryAll orders received by 4.00 PM PST are processed and shipped the same day. Orders received after 4.00 PM PST or on weekend and holidays will be shipped the next business day.Privacy & SecurityTransintl.com does not share, sell, exchange or trade information you provide us with any individual, institution or establishment. The Email address provided to Transintl.com is used for the purpose of sending the order confirmation electronically to you, contact you regarding any changes in the order, information regarding New product, specials or provide you with a Tracking number.Transintl.com uses industry standard technologies to ensure online Orders to be processed securely.
Returns & ReplacementsNo returns are accepted without prior authorization (RMA #). We reserve the option to accept non-defective returns. Such return will be subject to a re-stocking fee of 15% for the first 14 days of the invoice date and 20% After 14 days up to 30days of the invoice date. There is NO REFUND after 30 days of Purchase.A Return Authorization Number (RMA#) must be obtained for any and all replacements and exchanges of defective products. This RMA# must be clearly written on the box or package returned to us. Returns without RMA # will be refused upon delivery on shipper’s expense. All RMA packages shipped to Trans International must be prepaid.Trans International will replace or exchange (equal value) under warranty products free of charge.
Information AccuracyAll information on this site is believed to be accurate.Transintl.com has made reasonable efforts in providing information to make purchasing as easy as possible, but Transintl.com assumes no liability resulting from errors or omissions in the informationPrice GuaranteesTransintl.com makes every effort to ensure pricing is accurate and up to date, but in case of an error, Transintl.com reserves the right to correct pricing at any time as well as cancel any order that was placed for products with the incorrect pricing.WarrantyLifetime memory module warranty ends when memory technology become obsolete or discontinued by the Chip manufacturers or theComputer no longer supported by the computer manufacturer. Trans International test memory muddles on actual machines before shipping to ensure quality, compatibility and reliability, it does not guaranty that the operation of the product will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Lifetime warranty does not cover damage caused by accident, abuse, misuse, flood, fire, earthquake or other external causes.
Storage product (internal and external drives) warranties are covered by the manufacturer of the product. All terms and conditions applies as stated on manufacturers web sit.
Home
Mac Memory
Internal Drives
External Drives
Mac Enhancements
PCIe Adapters and RAID Cards
Docks & Hubs
Contact Us
Having website issues?
Login / Register
Cart