http://www.btc.co.uk/btc-privacy-policy.php
Barrow & Thompkins Connexions Limited
Privacy and Cookie Notice
This Privacy Notice explains how we - Barrow & Thompkins Connexions Limited (BTC) - use any personal information you give us and information we collect about you when you use our services and website.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act, the Data Controller is the General Manager of BTC.
The information we collect, and how we collect it, about you:
We collect personal information about you, ie your name, address, phone number, job title, company, email address, industry sector, job description when you complete online registrations with us.
We also collect information when you voluntarily register at events where we are a sponsor or in partnership with the organisers, complete customer surveys or nominate or vote in our awards. Also some information is collected using cookies when you use our websites.
How we use the information:
We collect information about you to use in sending out email newsletters and to contact you with updates about our events which we think may be of interest to you.
We also send you information and offers relevant to your market place.
We may also use your information to:
improve the relevancy of our marketing communications and personalise the marketing content we provide you
customise the content you see on our digital offerings, eg websites, Newsletters and sponsors emails
research other contact details
share your contact details with a sponsor, when you access specific content from that sponsor
to perform sales and marketing tasks
We will never sell your information to third parties for their marketing purposes.
Access to your information and its accuracy:
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date so you may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate or unnecessary.
You also have the right to request that your data is deleted.
If you would like a copy of your personal information or wish your information to be deleted, please email or write to us at the following address:
BTC, 35 Station Square, Petts Wood, Kent, BR5 1LZ, UK
You can also email us on: reply.mailing@btc.co.uk
You can also ask to be deleted from our list at any time by contacting reply.mailing@btc.co.uk.
Cookies:
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to visitor use of the website.
If your browser permits you can set your computer to reject cookies, although this may affect the quality of your visit. Depending on your web browser, you may also be able to block or delete specific cookies using browser tool settings.
Google Analytics:
On some pages on our web sites we use Google Analytics to monitor how people use our websites and aggregate general statistics about customers, traffic patterns and related site information. It is always collected and analysed in an anonymous form. We will never pass on your personal details to other organisations.
Social media:
Our website uses the Facebook and Twitter share functionality on some pages.
Other websites:
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to websites managed by BTC, so if linking to other websites please refer to their privacy policies for further information.
Changes to our Privacy Notice:
We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review and we will include any updates on this web page. This Privacy Notice was created on 23 May 2018. It was last updated on 18 June 2020.
If you have any questions about this
Notice please contact:
BTC, 35 Station Square, Petts Wood, Kent BR5 1LZ, UK or email: reply.mailing@btc.co.uk
The Information Commissioner:
For independent advice about data protection, privacy and data sharing issues, you can contact the Information Commissioner at:
Information Commissioner
Wycliffe House, Water Lane
Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
For more information, you can visit their website – ico.org.uk.
Barrow & Thompkins Connexions Ltd
35 Station Square, Petts wood, Kent, BR5 1LZ, UK
Tel: +44 (0) 168 616 000 E: reply.mailing@btc.co.uk
www.btc.co.uk