https://www.covenco.co.uk/about-us/website-terms-of-use.html
+44 (0)1753 732000
Spanish  |  Danish  |  English
IBM Hardware
HP Hardware
Lenovo Hardware
Dell EMC Hardware
NetApp Hardware
Cisco Hardware
More Brands
Our Services
About Covenco
Covenco Spain
Contact Us
Contact Us
About Us
We buy, sell & rent servers and storage hardware from the top vendors:
Call:
+44 (0)1753 732000
sales@covenco.com
IBM IBM POWER9 ServersPower S914 for AIX, IBM i and Linux
Power S924 for AIX, IBM i and Linux
Power S922 for AIX, IBM i and Linux
Power L922 for Linux
Power LC921 for Linux/AI
Power LC922 for Linux/AI
Power IC922 for Linux/AI
Power AC922 for Linux/AI
Power E950
Power E980
IBM POWER8 ServersPower S824
Power S822
Power S814
Power S812L & S822L
Power E850
Power E870 & E880
HMC
IBM POWER7 ServersPower 710
Power 720
Power 730
Power 740
Power 750
Power 755
Power 770
Power 780
Power 795
Legacy POWER ServersIBM POWER5 Servers
IBM pSeries Servers
IBM iSeries Servers
IBM POWER6 Servers
IBM Disk StorageStorwize V7000
Storwize V5000
Storwize V3700
DS8000 Disk
DCS3xx0 Disk
IBM XIV
Legacy IBM Disk
IBM Flash StorageFS900/840
FS5000
FS7200
FS91x0
FS9200
IBM Tape StorageTS1120 Tape Controller
TS1140
TS1150
TS1150
TS2230
TS2240
TS2250
TS2260
TS2340
TS2350
TS2360
TS2900
TS3100
TS3200
TS3310
TS3400
TS3500
3592-C07 Tape Controller
TS 3588 LTO
TS4300
TS1130
TS4500
Legacy IBM Tape
IBM System x ServersIBM X3550 M5 and X3650 M5
IBM Blade Servers
Legacy IBM x86 Systems
IBM PureFlex and Flex SystemsIBM Flex System p24L
IBM Flex System p260
IBM Flex System p270
IBM Flex System p460
IBM Flex System x220
IBM Flex System x222
IBM Flex System x240
IBM Flex System x440
IBM Hardware Warranty
IBM Software Licenses
HP HP ServersProLiant BladeSystems & Servers
ProLiant DL Servers
ProLiant ML Servers
Integrity Servers
HP Disk StorageHPE MSA SAN Storage
EVA Disk
HP Tape StorageHPE StoreEver MSL Tape
RDX Tape
DAT Tape
LTO Tape
HP Networking
HP Server Parts & Spares
HP Disk, Tape, SAN Parts & Spares
HP Hardware Warranty
HP Software Licenses
Lenovo Lenovo ServersLenovo Rack Servers
Lenovo Tower Servers
Lenovo Blade Servers
Lenovo Mission Critical Servers
Lenovo Server Options
Lenovo StorageStorage S2200
Storage S3200
ThinkServer SA120
Dell EMC Dell StorageDell PowerVault
Dell Compellent
Dell Equallogic
Dell EqualLogic Offer
AppAssure
Dell PowerEdge ServersDell R640
Dell R630
Dell R620
Dell T640
Dell T630
Dell R740
Dell R730
Dell R940
Dell R930
Dell R840
Dell R830
Dell T440
Dell PowerEdge VRTX
EMC StorageEMC VNX Storage
EMC Symmetrix Storage
EMC Celerra Storage
EMC CLARiiON Storage
NetApp All-Flash Storage SystemsAll Flash FAS
EF Flash Arrays
E-Series Storage SystemsE5600
E5500
E-Series Disk Shelves
E5400
E2700
E2600
FAS Series Storage SystemsFAS8000
FAS6200
FAS6000
FAS3200
FAS3100
FAS3000
FAS2500
FAS2200
FAS2000
DS Disk Shelves
V-Series Storage SystemsV6200
V6000
V3200
V3100
V3000
Cisco Cisco SwitchesCatalyst Switches
Nexus Switches
Cisco Routers
Cisco SecurityNext Generation Firewalls
ASA 5500-X Series Firewalls
Cisco Storage Networking
Cisco Servers (UCS)UCS B-Series Blade Servers
UCS C-Series Blade Servers
Cisco WirelessWireless Access Points
Wireless LAN Controllers
Cisco Unified CommunicationsIP Phones
Telepresence Videoconferencing
More Brands SAN SolutionsIBM SAN
HP SAN
Cisco SAN
Smartphones & TabletsSmartphone & Tablet Glossary
Smartphone & Tablet Manufacturers
Our Services
ADISA Certified Member
IBM POWER Support
Rentals
Maintenance
Disaster Recovery
High Availability
Virtualization
Resource Centre
Warranties
Financing Options
Asset Recovery
Computer Relocation
Data Destruction
WEEE Compliant Disposals
Home
/ About Us
Website Terms of Use
Please read this carefully
Revised 25th March 2011
By accessing (which includes browsing and any use, by the employment of any device or by any means), covenco.co.uk or its associated websites (all of which sites are known collectively and/or individually in these Terms as the "Website") you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms as modified from time to time ("Terms").
Before using the Website it is your responsibility to read the Privacy Policy and to notify us in the manner set out in the Policy if you do not want us to collect information about you, and to reject any cookies in the manner set out therein. 1. Use of Website
The Website is owned and operated by Covenco (in these Terms "Covenco" means Covenco (UK) Limited and its holding and associated companies). Covenco reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Website at any time, with or without notice or explanation.
2. Rights
All intellectual property rights, including copyright, in the content accessible (or available for download) on the Website, including text, pictures, graphics, video, audio material, software or any other form ("Content") belong to Covenco or its Business Partners and Associates. All rights are hereby reserved.
3. Use of Content
The Website and the Content may only be used for your personal use.
You agree not to use the Content or the Website for any illegal or improper purpose, nor for any purpose which might infringe the rights of others, or which might harass or cause inconvenience of distress to any person.
You also agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to the Content and not to remove any such notice or restriction, or alter the Content in any way.
4. Licence to reproduce Content
If you wish to re-publish, re-distribute or exploit the Content in any way you should address a request for permission to Covenco Syndication at e-mail: steve.hollingsworth@covenco.co.uk; telephone: +44(0)1753 732000
Covenco cannot guarantee that any such permission would be forthcoming or on what terms.
5. Links from other sites
Third parties are permitted to link to pages within Covenco websites, using the URL and quoting the headline and the source website.
A third party must ensure that nothing on its own website suggests or could be understood to imply that any part of the Website is part of its own web site unless the third party has obtained the prior written approval of Covenco.
Covenco reserves the right to change the location and nature of files within the Website without explanation or notice; it is the responsibility of the third party to check and update links.
Third parties must not deep-link to, or frame or use other techniques to enclose any part of the Website.
6. Trademarks and Intellectual Property
The Covenco Name and Covenco Logo are protected by copyright. You may not use these marks without the prior written permission of Covenco.
Third Party trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the site (whether registered or unregistered) are and shall remain the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on the site shall be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the site without the written permission of the relevant Trademark owner. Your misuse or infringement of any of the Trademarks displayed on the site is strictly prohibited.7. Limitation of liability and indemnity
Covenco obtains the Content from a wide range of sources and the Content includes facts, specifications, descriptions, features and information which may be of interest to users of the Website.
While all reasonable care is taken, we do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose of the Content or the Website, nor do we endorse or accept any responsibility for any views, advice, recommendations or opinions expressed on the Website or any website to which we link. You should note that any contact or arrangements made between you and any third party named on the Website or any third party website linked from it (including without limitation any website with which we have a commercial association) is at your own risk, and to the extent permitted by law Covenco excludes all liability.
The Content should only be used for your general information and use and not by way of specific recommendation or advice.
Before taking any action or decision based in whole or in part on the Content, you should always make your own independent checks of any information that is important in making such decision or taking such action. You should also seek professional advice in appropriate circumstances such as on technical, financial, legal and other professional matters.
Covenco does not give any warranties in respect of the Content or the Website, freedom from viruses or other contamination, or that the Website is compatible with any computer systems, software and browsers.
All implied warranties or duties are excluded save if and to the extent that they may not lawfully be excluded.
Covenco shall not be liable for any claims, losses, injuries, penalties, damages, costs or expenses arising from the use of, or inability to use the Website or Content or from any action taken, or omitted to be taken, as a result of using the Website or Content, other than death or personal injury resulting from use of the Website directly caused by the negligence of Covenco.
Covenco excludes liability to you and/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to lost profits, loss of privacy or for failure to fulfil any duty) or for any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the use of the Website or the Content or to any breach of the terms by Covenco, even if Covenco has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even in the event of fault or strict liability.
You agree to indemnify Covenco against all costs, claims, proceedings, demands, losses, damages, expenses or liability whatsoever arising directly or indirectly as a result of any breach of the Terms by you and any negligence or breach of duty by you.
8. Links to third party sites
This Website contains links to other websites operated by parties who are wholly separate from Covenco. Links to all third party sites are identifiable because clicking on them will launch new browser windows or tabs displaying the third party's website URLs, or are otherwise indicated as such by Covenco. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only and you access them at your own risk. Covenco cannot be held responsible in any way for the content, operation or availability of such websites.
9. Co-branded sites
In addition to the provisions of Term 8, some third party sites to which links are provided are "co-branded" sites which are operated by third parties with whom Covenco has a commercial association, including sites by means of which you can make payment for use of the Website or associated services. If you wish to make any purchases or enter any financial dealings on a co-branded site, you will be entering a contract with the relevant third party operator who will ask you to supply information about yourself and on your financial affairs, including your bank or credit card details. The third party operator will have their own terms and conditions and privacy policy and it is up to you to indicate your consent or otherwise to the use that the third party proposes to make of your personal data. While we select our trading partners with care, Covenco cannot be held liable for any loss or damage whatsoever which you may suffer as a result of your decision to enter any dealings or transactions with, or supply personal information to, a trading partner or any third party.
Your attention is drawn to the Privacy Policy.
10. Submission of content to the Website
Covenco accepts no liability for any content submitted by third parties. Users of the Website accept that we may not pre-screen the content submitted by users, and we reserve the right to remove at any time and without giving reasons or notice any material you or other users have supplied. Covenco reserves the right to monitor any communications you make on the Website and by submitting any material or making any such communication you thereby consent to such monitoring.
11. Changes to these Terms
Covenco reserves the right to make changes to any part of the Website and to add to or change these Terms or the Privacy Policy, and all such changes become effective as soon as they are posted. It is your responsibility to refer to the Terms whenever you access the Website. Every time you access the Website you agree to be bound by the Terms and the Privacy Policy as varied or amended from time to time.
14. English Law
By accessing the Website you agree to accept that these Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. You also accept the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in relation to any dispute that may arise in connection with these Terms or your use of the Website or arising in any way from the Content.
COMPANY INFORMATION
Covenco (UK) Ltd K2 Deseronto Business Park,St Mary's Road,Langley,SL3 7EWUnited KingdomTelephone: +44(0)1753 732000Email: sales@covenco.comRegistered Office:5 South Parade,Summertown,Oxford.Reg No: 2351331.VAT No: GB 529 1304 61
Explore Covenco:
Who Are Covenco?Covenco CommunityCovenco Group CompaniesCase StudiesFrequently Asked QuestionsCan I pay Online?Stocklist Sign-upTerms & Account ApplicationPrivacy PolicyCareers
Contact Covenco today for more information
Covenco BlogKeep informed with latest news, insights and opinion... more
ServicesA wealth of IT infrastructure knowledge & experience... more
Covenco CommunityFollow us, Tweet to us, link to us, sign up for emails and... more
FOR SERVER AND STORAGE SOLUTIONS CONTACT COVENCO
|
Call +44 (0)1753 732000
|
CHAT TO US NOW
QUICK CONTACT Complete a contact form and request a call back
Covenco are an ADISA Certified MemberWhen loooking to dispose of IT assets, regardless of value, it is exceptionally important to choose a partner who can safeguard your data through to final destruction.Find out more
Sign up for our latest stock alerts, news and offers
Connect with Covenco
Latest News
Helping where we can. more
Covenco UK Ltd
Call +44 (0)1753 732000
sales@covenco.com
Unit 3, MXL CentreLombard Way | BanburyOxfordshire | OX16 4TJUnited Kingdom
Follow us:
Server, Storage & Networking HardwareIBM
HP
Lenovo
Dell EMC
NetApp
Cisco
More Brands
ServicesADISA Certified Member
IBM POWER Support
Rentals
Maintenance
Disaster Recovery
High Availability
Virtualization
Resource Centre
Warranties
Financing Options
Asset Recovery
Computer Relocation
Data Destruction
WEEE Compliant Disposals
Most Popular Pages
iSeries Enterprise Server Memory
iSeries Enterprise Server Licenses
Power Server Processors
Power Server storage
AS400 Blade Server Parts
About UsWho Are Covenco?
Covenco Community
Covenco Group Companies
Case Studies
FAQs
Can I pay Online?
Stocklist Sign-up
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Parts In Stock
IBM Parts
HP Parts
Dell Parts
EMC Parts
Cisco Parts
NetApp Parts
Financial Solutions & Rentals
Covenco Blog
Contact Us
Catalog
Website by Jerram