https://www.eblogs.in/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by us and how it is used.
User Generated Content
eBlogs is a free blog hosting provider and hosts personal blogs for the public/users to express their opinions, thoughts, views, etc. All of the content on eBlogs is provided by such users and eBlogs has limited control over the content generated, so if something seems offensive, please write to use using the contact form for review and possible deletion.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, this site makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
Our Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:
Google Adsense
Clickbank
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on this website send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Our website has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Follow:
Categories
Advertising
Arts & Entertainment
Automotive
Business
Career
Computers
Education
Finance
Food & Beverages
Gadgets
Health
Hobbies
Home & Family
Home Improvement
Internet
News & Society
Personal
Relationships
Self Improvement
Shopping
Spirituality
Sports & Fitness
Technology
Travel
Writing
More
Post ReactionsSEHAJ on Do it now, tomorrow never comesGeorge Eje on Discipline makes a nation greatAmanullah Baloch on Habit is second naturePhillex harvey on ANOMALOUS BEHAVIOUR OF WATERSakshi on Youth in India forgetting culture & traditionRandom Blogs
Maks
(1)
R Nisha
(95)
Nisha Talreja
(57)
M Bhagawan
(6)
Bodapati Sandhya Radhika
(9)
Jyoti Malhotra
(187)
Madhu Vamsi
(63)
Suresh Chandra Gupta
(109)
MOKSHA GUPTA
(79)
Deepak Sharma
(41)