http://www.avanade.com/en/utility/terms-of-use
Loading...
Home
Terms of Use
Terms and Condition of Use (Last Revised – May 2018)
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Your access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions of use and all applicable laws. These terms and conditions of use may be changed in the future at any time without further notice. Further, these terms and conditions apply exclusively to your access to, and use of, this Web site and will not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may enter into with Avanade Inc., a company incorporated in the state of Washington, U.S.A., ("Avanade") for products, services, or anything else. The information provided on this site is provided without charge for informational purposes only and does not create any business or professional services relationship between you and Avanade.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, all Web site materials, including, without limitation, all text, graphics, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the proprietary and copyrighted property of Avanade. You may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of this Web site for the sole purpose of using materials it contains for informational and non-commercial, personal use only. Any other use of the materials in this Web site—including any commercial use, reproduction for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, transmission, license, publication, republication, creation of derivative works, display, or performance—without the prior written permission of Avanade is strictly prohibited.
Copyright Notice
©2018 Avanade Inc. All rights reserved
Trademarks
Avanade, the Avanade logo, Results Realized, and all custom graphics, page headers, button icons, proprietary product and service names, and trade dress are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Avanade and/or its licensors in the United States and/or other countries, and may not be used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Avanade. Microsoft® is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Accenture® is a registered trademark of Accenture Global Services GmbH in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, company names, product or service names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Please review our additional trademark information.
Privacy
Avanade believes strongly in protecting user privacy. Users of this Web site should refer to our Privacy Policy to fully inform themselves of how Avanade uses and collects information.
For information about how Avanade uses cookies on its websites, please see our Cookie Policy.
Submissions
You agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials, or other information (other than personal identifying information subject to the Avanade Privacy Policy), provided by you in the form of e-mail or submissions to Avanade, or postings on this Web site, are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Avanade. Avanade shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. The submission of any materials to Avanade, including the posting of materials to any forum or interactive area, irrevocably waives any and all "moral rights" in such materials, including the rights of attribution and integrity.
Indemnification
You shall remain solely liable for the Content of any messages or other information you upload or transmit to Avanade. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Avanade, and its officers, directors, employees, owners from any claim, action, demand, loss, or damages (including attorneys' fees) made or incurred by any third party arising out of or relating to your conduct, your violation of these terms and conditions, or your violation of any rights of a third party.
Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a hypertext link to this Web site provided such link does not portray Avanade or any of its products and services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time, and you agree to promptly remove any such links at Avanade's request. You may not use, frame, or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Avanade trademark, logo, or other proprietary information, including the images found at this Web site, the content of any text, and the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page without Avanade's express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel, or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right of Avanade or any third party.
Avanade makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, privacy policies, nature, or reliability of Web sites accessible by hyperlink from this Web site, or Web sites linking to this Web site. The linked sites are not under the control of Avanade, and Avanade is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any review, changes, or updates to such sites. Avanade is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by Avanade of the site or any information contained therein.
Forward Looking Statements
This Web site and any documents issued by Avanade and available through this Web site contain statements which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements may from time to time appear in a number of places in this Web site together with any documents issued by Avanade and available through this Web site and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expect," "plans," "may," "will," "should," "anticipates" or similar statements or the negative thereof or other variations thereof. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements made as to future operation costs, capital expenditures, cash flow, improvements in infrastructure, distribution and replenishment systems and operating efficiencies, sales and earnings estimates or trends, and expansion plans and projections. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and by their nature involve known and unknown internal and external risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied. Avanade undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date such statements were made.
The information contained within press releases issued by Avanade should not be deemed accurate or current except as of the date the release was posted. Avanade has no intention of updating, and specifically disclaims any duty to update, the information in the press releases. To the extent any information therein is forward-looking, it is intended to fit within the safe harbor for forward-looking statements, and is subject to material risk.
Third Party Content and Services
Avanade may provide links to Web pages and content of third parties (the "Third Party Content") as a service to those interested in this information. Avanade does not monitor nor does it have any control over any Third Party Content or third party Web sites or the privacy policies of such Web sites. Avanade does not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Avanade does not represent or warrant the accuracy of any information contained therein, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content. Users use these links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
Disclaimer
THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS IN THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. AVANADE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. AVANADE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THIS WEB SITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. AVANADE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AVANADE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Avanade reserves the right to change any and all content contained on this Web site at any time without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or other designation does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Avanade.
Limits of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL AVANADE, OR ITS OFFICES, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, OR EMPLOYEES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHER FORM, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THIS WEB SITE.
Applicable Law
These terms and conditions and any legal actions or proceedings relating to your use of this site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, U.S.A., applicable to agreements made and entirely to be performed within the state of Washington, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any suit, action, or proceeding at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions or your use of this site shall be filed only in U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington located in Seattle, Washington, U.S.A., and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any such suit, action, or proceeding.
Termination
Notwithstanding any of these terms and conditions, Avanade reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this Web site, and to block or prevent future access to and use of this Web site.
Contact Information
Contact for general inquiries, or with technical questions or comments about Avanade's Web site.
Severability
If any provision of these terms and conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Follow Us
Next steps
You can contact Avanade as data controller of your personal data via our Avanade’s Data Privacy Officer
(preferably electronically) or via post, clearly marked for the attention of the Data Privacy Officer, at this address: 1191 Second Avenue, Suite 100, Seattle, WA 98101.
CONTACT US
CLOSE
Share
Expand
CLOSE
Share
CLOSE
Contract
CLOSE
CLOSE
CLOSE
Register to download the full Point of View.
Share this page
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email