http://www.serverrack.net/policies/aup.html
ServerRack.net
home
dedicated
managed
virtual
domain names
support
Acceptable
Use Policy
As an Internet
service provider ("ISP"), we offer
our subscribers the means to acquire and disseminate
a wealth of public, private, commercial and
non-commercial information. We also want our
subscribers to be fully informed of their
rights and obligations -- and ours -- in connection
with their use of the Internet. This Network
Access Policy, which supplements and explains
certain terms of each customer's respective
services agreement (the "Services Agreement"),
is intended as a plain English guide to those
rights and obligations.
The fundamental
fact about the Internet is that no one --neither
us, nor anyone else -- owns or controls it.
This fact accounts for much of the Internet's
openness and value, but it also places a high
premium on the judgment and responsibility
of those who use the Internet, both in the
information they acquire and in the information
they disseminate to others. When subscribers
obtain information through the Internet, they
must keep in mind that we cannot monitor,
verify, warrant or vouch for the accuracy
and quality of the information that subscribers
may acquire. For this reason, the subscriber
must exercise his or her best judgment in
relying on information obtained from the Internet,
and also should be aware that some material
posted to the Internet is sexually explicit
or otherwise offensive. Because we cannot
monitor and censor the Internet, and will
not attempt to do so, we cannot accept any
responsibility for injury to our subscribers
that results from inaccurate, unsuitable or
offensive Internet communications.
When subscribers
disseminate information through the Internet,
they also must keep in mind that we do not
review, edit, censor or take responsibility
for any information our subscribers may create.
This places on subscribers what will be, for
most, an unfamiliar responsibility. When users
place information on the Internet, they have
the same liability as other authors for copyright
infringement, defamation and other harmful
speech. Also, because the information they
create is carried over our facilities and
may reach a large number of people, including
both subscribers and nonsubscribers of ours,
subscribers' postings to the Internet may
affect other subscribers and may harm our
goodwill, business reputation and operations.
For these reasons, subscribers violate our
policy and the Services Agreement when they,
their affiliates or subsidiaries engage in
the following activities:
Spamming
-- Unsolicited, commercial mass e-mailing
(known as "spamming") is a strongly
disfavored practice among Internet users and
service providers. It is particularly harmful
not only because of its negative impact on
consumer attitudes toward us as well as the
sender, but also because it can overload our
equipment and disrupt service to our other
subscribers.
Copyright
Violation -- Violation of copyrights
held by individuals and corporations or other
entities can result in civil and criminal
liability for the infringer, and can involve
the ISP in litigation and possible loss of
reputation.
Distribution
and/or Transmission of Obscene or Indecent
Speech or Materials -- Violation
of indecency and obscenity laws can result
in criminal penalties. We do realize that
the definition and enforcement of these laws
vary widely from one geographical region to
another. Because of this, we do not attempt
at this point to define what indecent or obscene
material is, except in the clear case of the
transmission of child pornography and "hate
crime"/terrorism related content.
Defamation
-- Defamatory speech distributed over the
Internet can result in civil liability for
the defamer and litigation against the ISP
whose facilities were used to distribute the
defamatory material.
Illegal/Unauthorized
Access to Other Computers or Networks
-- The illegal or unauthorized accessing (often
known as "hacking") of computers
or networks carries potential civil and criminal
penalties under both federal laws and the
laws of most states.
Distribution
of Internet Viruses, Worms, Trojan Horses
and Other Destructive Activities
-- Distribution of Internet viruses, worms,
Trojan horses and other destructive activities,
such as hacking, can result in serious civil
and or criminal liability under federal and
state law.
Export
Control Violations -- The law limits
the ability of persons to export certain types
of encryption software, over the Internet
or otherwise, to certain points outside the
United States.
Other
Activities, whether lawful or unlawful,
that we determine to be harmful to our subscribers,
operations or reputation, including any activities
that restrict or inhibit any other user from
using and enjoying the service or the Internet.
As
we have pointed out, the responsibility for
avoiding the harmful activities just described
rests primarily with the subscriber.
We will not, as an ordinary practice, monitor
the communications of our subscribers to ensure
that they comply with our policy or applicable
law. When we become aware of harmful communications
we may take a variety of actions including
immediate suspension or physical removal of
the subscriber's account, website, server
or other resources from the network in order
to protect the rest of the Internet. We may
remove information that violates our policies,
implement screening software designed to block
offending transmissions, or take any other
action we deem appropriate, including termination
of a subscriber's contract with us.
We also are
aware that many of our subscribers are, themselves,
providers of Internet services, and that information
reaching our facilities from those subscribers
may have been originated by customers of those
subscribers or other third parties. We do
not require our subscribers who offer Internet
services to monitor or censor transmissions
created by customers of its subscribers. At
the same time, subscribers who knowingly transmit
materials that violate law or our policy are,
themselves, in violation of our policy. Similarly,
we anticipate that subscribers who offer Internet
services will cooperate with us in any corrective
action that we deem necessary, in order to
correct and prevent the transmission of material
that is harmful to us or our subscribers.
Failure to cooperate with such corrective
and preventive measures is a violation of
our policy.
We also are
concerned with the privacy of on-line communications.
In general, the Internet is neither more nor
less secure than other common communications
media, including mail, facsimile and voice
telephone service, all of which can be intercepted
and otherwise compromised. As a matter of
prudence, however, we urge our subscribers
to assume that all of their on-line communications
are insecure.
We can not
take any responsibility for the security of
communications transmitted over our facilities.
We will comply fully, however, with all applicable
laws concerning the privacy of our subscribers'
on-line communications. In particular, we
will not intentionally monitor or disclose
any private electronic mail messages sent
or received by our subscribers unless required
to do so by law. We may, however, monitor
our service electronically to determine that
our facilities are operating satisfactorily.
Also, we may be required to disclose information
transmitted through our facilities in order
to comply with court orders, statutes, regulations
or governmental requests. Finally, we may
disclose information transmitted over our
facilities where necessary to protect us and
our subscribers from harm, or where such disclosure
is necessary to the proper operation of the
system.
We expect
that our subscribers who provide Internet
services to others will comply fully with
all applicable laws concerning the privacy
of on-line communications. A subscriber's
failure to comply with those laws will violate
our policy. Finally, we wish to emphasize
that in signing the Services Agreement, subscribers
indemnify us for any violation of the subscriber
of the Services Agreement, or of law or ServerRack.net
policy, that results in loss to us or the
bringing of any claim against us. This means
that if we are sued because of activities
of the subscriber that violate any law, the
Services Agreement or this policy (which is
part of the Services Agreement), the subscriber
will pay any damages awarded against us, plus
costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.
We hope this
Policy Statement is helpful in clarifying
the obligations of Internet users, including
us and our subscribers, as responsible members
of the Internet.
Complaints
about violators of our policies should be
referred to abuse@serverrack.net.
Each complaint will be fully investigated.
home
privacy
policy
sla
aup
contact
us
Copyright
© 2002 ServerRack.net. All Rights Reserved.