http://www.lifeware.ch/privacy-policy.cfm
Overview
Front to back office management web based application for life insurances designed for unparalleled productivity.
FeaturesSupport for more than 50 products, workflow, document management, multi language and much more.
Insurance, broker, clerk, end user
From reports for the Life insurance, to product tracking for brokers, to ehnanced UI for clerks.
Technical infrastructure
2 redundant locations, Swiss bank commission approved architecture.
From customers we learn with customers we share Discover from a selection of our customer base about their experiences
Extreme programming
The effective response to changing requirements and technology throughout the development cycle of a software project.
Mission build the best and most flexible software service for life insurance management
Sophisticated simplicity Short, simple, efficient, customer driven and finely tailored.
Contributions papers and videos by our staff.
Who are we Lifeware is now in its 22th year of activity and a number of projects in the pipeline
People Lifeware core asset is people. A very effective team powered by strong methodology.
Job opportunties Innovator? Talent? Pragmatic? Work in buzzing team willing to deal with challenging tasks
Contact us
Privacy policy
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our company. Data protection is of particularly high priority for Lifeware's staff as a whole. The use of these public internet pages published by Lifeware SA is possible without any indication of personal data.
The only exception applies when a candidate submits his curriculum vitae in response to a Job opportunity as published in the page http://www.lifeware.ch/job.cfm or, through the "Send your CV" button on the same page. In this case, Lifeware guarantees that submitted data is treated according to the latest Swiss and European data protection directives including GDPR (EU Directive 2016/679).
For any further information please contact us at the address info@lifeware.ch.
Supported life products
Unit linked
Pension products
Financial wrappers
Variable annuities
Dread disease
Endowment and term policies
Hybrid products
Main features
Workflow driven policy processing
Integrated document management system
Assignments of products to brokers
Historical record of all transactions
Multi language, multi currency
Fixed and variable payment system
Multi agency/company support
Features for brokers
Per end costumer document archive
Cash-flow summaries
Benefit payments
Premiums collection
Policy preparation and mailing
Mutation Letters
Tax statements
Features for the life insurance
MIS and ALM reporting
Sales and accounting reporting
Financial statements
Billing and collections
Portofolio management
Formal verifications and compliance
Shortest time to new products deployment
© 2020 Lifeware SA
Contact us | FAQ |
Privacy policy |
Solution by