http://www.thought-it.com/content.asp?pag=privacy
Home
Company
Consultancy
Training
Clients
Partners
Contact Us
News
Hyperion 11.1.2.3 - When is the best time to upgrade? Click more to find out...
More >>
Graduates and Experienced Consultants required as Thought IT continues its expansion...
More >>
Events
Webinar : Implementing Hyperion System 11Co-presented by Thought-IT and Triometric, this webinar talks through the methodologies and best practices for a successful implementation
..
More >>
Privacy Policy
Internet Privacy PolicyThought iT believes in responsible and ethical use of the Internet. Therefore, the security and privacy of your personal
information is important to us and we would like you to feel confident in using our services.
User Information
When you use this site, we use any information you provide to us for the specific purposes only. We collect information to
ascertain how many page views we receive, what pages are accessed, which ISPs users use, which browsers are used. The information is aggregated and not used
to collect any personal information (unless you disclose such information - see
below). This information is obtained for the purpose of targeting relevant pages and information for your benefit.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.
Cookies
When you are served with our pages, this may temporarily store some codes within your browser that allows us to respond properly to the pages that are delivered. These codes are known as "cookies". For example, these codes let us keep track of how many times pages are viewed on this site. Unlike many other sites, we do not use cookies for the purpose of
setting unique identifiers that are used to identify you whenever you return to our web site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent that use if you wish.
We do not employ any hidden technology to detect or track your Internet activities.
Use of Personal Information
Any information you provide, for instance, such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number is used only to answer specific enquiries you may have made and to inform you of news and service updates. If you do not wish to receive any further information, you may inform us at any time. Your said personal information is kept accurately and securely. We do not sell your details, nor do we share your contact details unless you have requested information from one of our select partners.
For further information, please write to us at our main offices at Grosvenor House, 1 High St, Edgware, Middlesex HA8 7TA United Kingdom.
We reserve the right to change our policy from time to time. A revised policy will apply to information collected after the
date the policy is changed.
© Thought-IT 2014
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us