http://www.nimaya.com/other/privacy.asp
Home
Overview
Nimaya Inc., has created this statement of privacy to demonstrate our firm commitment to preserving your privacy and personal information while visiting our web sites. The following statement discloses our information collection and dissemination practices for our sites, which include, but are not limited to, "Nimaya.com" and "Nimaya-News.com".
We use your IP address and anonymous information regarding your Internet browser and computer's operating system to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer and/or enhance these sites. Your IP address is used to analyze broad demographic information.
Nimaya will not personally identify you to this particular address.
Our sites may contain links and references to other sites. Nimaya is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our registration forms and questionnaires ask visitors for contact information (including name, title, e-mail address, company, address, phone number). We use contact data from these forms to send users information about our company, products and services. This information is collected on a voluntary basis and you may decline to submitting it at any time. We store part of this information on your computer in a "cookie". Therefore, in order for certain portions of our site to operate correctly, you must have your browser set to accept cookies. From time to time we may share this information with our partners and resellers, unless you indicate otherwise by contacting us and indicating the e-mail address at which you no longer wish to receive information.
To modify this information at anytime, simply log in to your account on our web site and update your information.
Security
Our sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Such security measures include, but are not limited to firewalls, encryption and passwords. While it is never possible to fully protect a site, we will do our best to make sure your browsing experience is safe and will correct any problems as soon as possible.
Modifications
This privacy may be updated from time to time to reflect new or changed regulations. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary e-mail address specified when you registered at our sites or by placing a prominent notice on our sites.
Contacting the Web Site Administrator
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your relationship with this web site, you can contact us.
This policy is effective February 1, 2006
Login
Contact Us
Privacy
Downloads
Site Map
Home
© Copyright 2009, Nimaya Inc.
Call us at 1-703-462-1291 or send an e-mail.