http://www.stgcreativegroup.com/stg-privacy.php
Privacy Policy
SitesToGo, Inc. has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
the website SitesToGo.NET.
We
use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to
administer our Web site. Your IP address also is used to help identify you
and your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites. SitesToGo.NET is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web
sites.
Our site uses forms for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor contact information (such as their email address), unique identifiers, and financial information (for example, the visitor's account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is
used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and services.
We run promotions on our site in which we ask visitors for contact
information (for example, email address) and demographic information
(for example, zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from
our promotions to send users information about our company and
promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's
contact information is also used to contact the visitor when
necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving communications from our partners at the point where we
request information about the visitor.
To opt-out, please send an email to
and let us know which services you no longer wish to receive.
SitesToGo, Inc.
849 Almar Ave
Suite C
Santa Cruz, CA
95060