http://www.clicktime.com/policy/privacy
phone 888-746-8227
Support
About
search
search close
menu
Timesheets
Track
Time
Expenses
Time Off
Overtime
Mobile
Manage
Project Budgets
Employee Hours
Employee Performance
Employee Permissions
Report
80+ Reports
Business Intelligence
Dashboards
Integrations
Custom Reports
Feature Tour
Why ClickTime
Reduce Costs
Stay on Budget
Reduce Administrative Costs
Ensure Compliance
Improve Performance
Improve Employee Utilization
Know When to Hire
Track Time Faster
Resource Planning Tool
Manage Remote Teams
Timesheet Benefits
Case Studies
Timesheets for Employees
Time Tracking for Managers
Timesheets for Executives
Award-Winning Support
Customers
Time Tracking by Industry
Accounting
Architecture
Clinical Research
Consulting
Design
Energy Services
Engineering
Event Planning
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
IT Services
Manufacturing
Marketing/Advertising
Non-Profit
PR
Real Estate
Software Development
Staffing, Recruiting, and HR
IT Departments
Universities
Enterprise Solutions
Pricing
Demo
Free Trial
Home
ClickTime Featuresarrow_drop_down
Mobile App
Time Tracking
Time Off
Overtime
Expenses
Reports
Project Budgeting
Integrations
Product Tour
Why ClickTimearrow_drop_down
Case Studies
Increase Employee Utilization
Know When to Hire
Track Time Faster
Stay on Budget
Do More with Less
Easy Compliance
Aboutarrow_drop_down
Blog
Company
Support
Careers
Pricing
Free Trial
Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Security
Sub-Processors List
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
ClickTime is committed to your privacy
The developers of ClickTime have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the protection of your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Introduction
Content and information submitted by users to ClickTime is referred to in this policy as "Customer Data". Customer Data is controlled by the organization or other third party that purchased the ClickTime services (the "Customer"). Where ClickTime collects or processes Customer Data, it does so on behalf of the Customer.
We comply with relevant privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
If you are using ClickTime by invitation of a Customer, whether that Customer is your employer, another organization, or an individual, you are an "End-user." That Customer is the sole owner of the data submitted to ClickTime. To request this data be deleted, please contact the Customer.
If you are a visitor to the www.clicktime.com website, ClickTime is the sole owner of such data.
To request this data, or that we delete this data, please email: privacy@clicktime.com.
Types and Categories of Information Collected
Account and Registration Information: We ask for and may collect personal information about you such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card information, as well as certain related information like your company name when you register for an account or utilize ClickTime.
If you sign-up for a free trial Account, you are not required to enter your credit card information unless and until you decide to continue with a paid subscription to our services. A third-party intermediary is used to manage credit card processing. This intermediary is not permitted to store, retain, or use your billing information for any purpose except for credit card processing on our behalf.
We refer to any information described above as “Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. By voluntarily providing us with Account Information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal data or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us.
Services Usage Information: This is information about how you are accessing and using the services, which may include administrative and support communications with us, information about account configuration, custom fields, and preferences.
Contact Information: With your permission, any contact information you choose to import (manually or otherwise).
Device Information: When you download and use our services, we automatically collect information on the type of device and operating system version you use.
Use and Disclosure of Information Collected
When you complete one of our online forms, such as a registration or marketing form, it is required that you provide contact information (such as your name, email address, address, company name,
role, etc.). We use your contact information from these forms to:
Send you information so that you may access demo accounts and set up a ClickTime account.
Contact you when necessary, such as to notify you of an expired account or for customer services.
Provide additional information about ClickTime's services, partners, promotions, and events, via email, postal mail, or phone.
Create invoices for ClickTime usage.
Our computer system uses your email address as your unique login name and to automatically send you your password if you use the "Forgot my Password" function. Your password is hashed and not knowable to anyone other than you, so we cannot and will not share your password information with anyone. When we collect your personal information, that information is for ClickTime's use alone, except:
When we have your express permission
To our authorized distributors or resellers, who may provide sales and support functions to your geographical area or specific industry
To providers of our critical systems infrastructure, as described in our sub-processors list
When law enforcement requests it
If you violate our Terms of Service or our rights and property
Except as disclosed in this paragraph, third parties will neither be granted rights to your personal information. At our discretion based on your industry or location, we may provide your contact information to an authorized distributor of ClickTime who has contractually agreed to abide by these privacy policies. Otherwise, any information shared with third parties will be shared as aggregate statistics in accordance with applicable law. ClickTime offers you a choice in the way we use provided information. If you would like to change the way that information is received from ClickTime, go to our Unsubscribe Form and enter your email address to opt-out of receiving future emails.
ClickTime is an online, hosted application. On certain occasions, ClickTime may need to notify you of important announcements in regards to the operation of our services. These announcements may be sent regardless of your opt-out status, and your only mechanism to avoid these notices is to cease your use of the ClickTime services.
We DO NOT sell Personal Data to third parties under any circumstances.
When an individual customer's administrator enrolls a new user in ClickTime, that administrator may elect to enter certain personal details. This data is considered application data and is not used by ClickTime in any way, other than when ClickTime itself sends important system notices to all users or as described in our sub-processors list. For application data (generally timesheet and expense data) which is entered by end-users themselves, ClickTime considers this data to be proprietary to each Customer and ClickTime will not disclose this information except:
When retrieved by members of your own ClickTime account whom you have configured for access (for example, your designated ClickTime account Administrator)
When we have the customer’s or end-user’s express permission (for example, if we need the assistance of a third party to assist you with technical support.)
When we are compelled to by law enforcement or a court order from any competent jurisdiction where we conduct business
Non-Discrimination. ClickTime does not differentiate or discriminate between how it treats its end users, whether or not they exercise their rights under the CCPA.
This means we do not charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits, imposing of penalties, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you, based upon your exercise of rights under the CCPA.
Clicktime may share data with its corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries. As of the date below, Clicktime has no subsidiary entities. If Clicktime engages in a merger, acquisition, change of control (whether by operation of law or otherwise), bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of
assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all Data may be shared or transferred as assets, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer or successor of ClickTime may continue to use your information as set forth in this policy without additional consent from you, provided such entity agrees to the provisions of this policy.
Your Choices
If you are a user of the ClickTime Services, you may update, correct, or delete personal information about you at any time by logging into your online account and modifying your information, by contacting your ClickTime Administrator, or by emailing us at support@clicktime.com. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy and in accordance with our agreement with the Customer, as applicable.
You may opt out of receiving promotional and newsletter emails from ClickTime at any time by following the opt-out instructions provided in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as security alerts and notices related to your access to or use of the ClickTime Services or those about your online account or our ongoing business relations.
Cookies Policy
ClickTime uses cookies to provide and support our website and Services. For more information on your choices related to cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Publicity
By using the ClickTime services, you grant ClickTime the right to list your "company" or "entity" name on our customer list, which may appear in our marketing materials. Individuals will not be listed, nor will we will list any specific information about your account. You may request to be removed from this list at any time. In addition, we may ask for your permission to list your name and a statement about ClickTime among our customer testimonials. If you grant us this permission, your name and comment will appear among other customer testimonials.
Security
We utilize industry standard methods to protect all data shared with ClickTime. Personal information shared through our marketing site is stored securely by us. Data submitted to the ClickTime App (your contact and time tracking information) are visible only by your company's administrator(s) and are not available to any other users or non-users of ClickTime (website and App), except in cases where our technical support team provides assistance to you and obtains your permission to access this information.
Although we are not responsible if a third party accesses your information by breaching our security measures, we will inform you of such event within 72 hours, as directed in the General Protection Data Regulation. You can learn more about our Security Practices here.
Privacy Shield - for EU Customers Only
ClickTime complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. ClickTime has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ClickTime commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact ClickTime at: privacy@clicktime.com. ClickTime has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. U.S. Federal Trade Commission enforcement: ClickTime's commitments under the Privacy Shield are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. Inquiries and complaints: If you believe ClickTime maintains your personal data in one of the services within the scope of our Privacy Shield certification, you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Privacy Shield compliance to privacy@clicktime.com. ClickTime will respond within 45 days. If we fail to respond within that time, or if our response does not address your concern, you may contact JAMS, which provides an independent third-party dispute resolution body based in the United States, here. JAMS has committed to respond to complaints and to provide appropriate recourse at no cost to you. If neither ClickTime nor JAMS resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel. Third parties who may receive personal data: ClickTime uses a limited number of third-party services providers to assist us in providing our services to customers. These third party providers offer customer support to our customers, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. ClickTime maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Privacy Shield obligations, and ClickTime may be liable if they fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Data is processed by ClickTime in the United States.
Your Additional Rights
You may have the right to exercise additional rights available to you under applicable laws, including: (a) right to erasure or correction of personal information; (b) a right to object to, or to restrict, the processing of the information, or (c) a right to port personal information. If you would like to exercise such rights, please contact us at support@clicktime.com with your specific request. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws and, where required to adhere to your request, we will do so within the time periods required by applicable law (generally 30 days following the request). To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request.
Children’s Information
The ClickTime Services are not directed to children under 18. If you learn that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact privacy@clicktime.com.
Correct/Update
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact privacy@clicktime.com or mail us at: ClickTime Customer services clicktime.com, Inc. 282 Second Street, 4th Floor San Francisco, CA 94105.
Amendments
Our site contains links to a number of websites that may offer useful information to our visitors. This Website Privacy Statement does not apply to those sites, and we recommend communicating with them directly for information on their privacy policies.
Any changes to this policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Please check back periodically if you have any concerns about changes made to our Privacy Policy.
Revised: February 4, 2020
Related Searches
Popular Searches
Security
ClickTime keeps all of your sensitive information secure using industry standard security protocols.
FAQ
Need help using ClickTime? Browse our frequently asked questions for helpful tips and advice about using our simple, easy-to use time and expense tracking software.
Start Tracking Time Today!
Get Your Free Trial Now
ClickTime » Policy » Privacy Policy
Time Tracking Software
Agency Timesheets
Nonprofit Timesheets
Time Tracking for IT
Time Tracking for Consultants
Employee Time Tracker
Timesheet App
We're Hiring!
Blog
Resources
Remote Workforce Resources
HR Resource Center
Resource Planning Template
Capacity Planning Template
Guide to Project Cost Estimation
How to Get Employees to Track Time
Timesheet Calculator
Timesheet Template
Rethink Your Billing Rates
Timesheet Integrations
Time Tracking Integrations
QuickBooks Time Tracking
QuickBooks Online
QuickBooks Desktop
Trello Time Tracking
Slack Integration
Salesforce Integration
BambooHR Time Tracking
Rippling Time Tracking
Join Our Newsletter
Get the latest information from ClickTime on timesheet and expenses directly to your inbox.
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Copyright ©2020 ClickTime. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy.
We use cookies to make interactions with ClickTime easier and to improve communications. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
Help