http://www.opentracker.net/privacy
Privacy statement
Your privacy
Most importantly: we will not sell, trade, give, etc., the statistics that we collect on your site to any third party, without your express permission. The data that we collect is not mined or used for marketing purposes in any way. The data that we collect is used solely for purposes of web metrics and traffic analysis by Opentracker.net. Be assured that safeguarding the contents of your website traffic is our priority.Opentracker.net, is committed to safeguarding your privacy on-line. The following statement sets our privacy policy. For the purposes of this privacy statement “Opentracker.net” shall mean Opentracker.net. This policy may change from time to time so please re-read this policy periodically.what we gather from youOur site collects information in several ways. When you order information, registrations and services from us you are required to complete a client order form. Opentracker.net requests your name, e-mail address, financial information (such as payment details and credit card details) and your contact information (“Customer Information”).As part of our service, Opentracker.net also uses cookies to help identify you and access your account data, to track you, to track traffic patterns and for system administration. A cookie is a small text file that is created by your browser from a web page and is stored on your computer’s hard drive.contact informationOur site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information is used to get in touch with them when necessary. Financial information collected is used to bill the user for products and services.third party intermediariesOpentracker.net verifies the credit card information given by you through a 3rd party clearing companies “PayPal”, “Worldpay” or “Chargify”. This clearing company is solely a link in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or in any other way use the information they obtain from us.parties to whom we disclose your informationThe data that we collect on your site will not be transmitted to a 3rd party without your express permission. Meaning, that we will not, and do not, mine your data for marketing purposes, nor disclose the details of your traffic to a third party, without your express permission.Opentracker.net may disclose Customer Information in special cases where Opentracker.net has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose Customer Information when we believe, in good faith, that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes necessary to maintain services and improve our products and services.You should also note that the servers hosting our systems are located in a number of different countries including The Netherlands and Germany. This means that the information you provide will be transferred to and hosted on servers in these countries and by submitting the requested information you hereby expressly consent to such transfers.securityThis site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. A password must be entered to log in to your account and in order to manage your domain name(s).All personal information is fully encrypted during all transactions. Please note, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. As a result, while we endeavour to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you transmit such information to us at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission we endeavour to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems.Please note that Opentracker.net will never ask for any personal information via email (e.g. marriage status, income, etc.).correct/updateIf you wish to correct, update or otherwise modify the information that you have provided to us please visit the Profile section on our web site and correct, update or modify the relevant information.contacting the web siteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this Web site, please navigate to the support section of our site.linksThis web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are ‘clicking’ to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
About usOpentracker has more than 10 years experience in tracking, data analytics and statistics innovation. Our hallmark is simple, intuitive, and easy-to-read reporting interfaces, combined with powerful and flexible APIs.Quick links
Products video
Features
Pricing
Resources
Articles
Company
Login
Contact
Terms
Privacy
OT4 login
Resources
Getting started
How does user-tracking work?
What is a website tracking system?
Technical Requirements Analytics
Downloadable brochures & leaflets
Contact
support@opentracker.net
Opentracker
Torenallee 45 - 7.17
5617 BA Eindhoven
The Netherlands
Scroll to top