http://www.promediary.com/privacy.html
Privacy
Policy
Promediary.com
respects the privacy of its clients and users. This Privacy
Policy sets forth how your personal information is acquired,
processed and thereafter used.
By using this Web site, you acknowledge
that you have read, understand and agree to the terms
set forth in this privacy policy.
Collection of Corporate and
Personal Information:
All information collected in online
forms which you submit is retained by Promediary, exclusively,
and will not be shared, sold, or otherwise conveyed to
any third party, now or ever. Promediary uses this information
to communicate with you via email and/or telephone, as
necessary and appropriate, during the period of time in
which the domain(s) in which you have expressed interest
remains of interest to you. At your option, you may request
to be informed of future domain sales which may fit your
specific need.
Communications Via Email and
Postal Mail:
Promediary does not indiscriminately
send unsolicited email or postal mail. However, from time
to time, Promediary does disseminate highly targeted correspondence
to scrupulously hand-selected recipients who have expressed
or whom we believe may have a strong interest in acquiring
a relevant client domain name. Corporate contact data
is culled from institutional subscription database providers
such as Hoovers.com, and other relevant resources.
If, at any time, you wish to be removed
from recieving further correspondences from Promediary.com,
we will respect your wishes and promptly exclude you from
subsequent mailings.
Recipients who elect to participate
in a particular domain name sale will receive intermittent
email notices regarding the present status of the offering.
Recipients who have not responded to the initial offering
will receive a courtesy notification as the sale enters
its final stage.
Promediary also uses email and/or postal
mail to respond directly to user inquiries and/or to fulfill
a user's order.
Opt-In Announcement List:
Companies and individuals who wish to
receive intermittent email notifications of forthcoming
domain sales may opt-in by completing the subscription
form provided. Only information relevant to each recipient’s
expressed domain acquisition requirements and/or specific
categorical selections will be sent. Subscribers may opt-out
of the subscription list at any time.
Visitor Tracking
Every computer connected to the Internet
is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve
as that computer's "Internet Protocol" IP address.
When a user requests a page from Promediary.com, our Web
servers automatically recognize and record that user's
domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address
reveal nothing personal about the individual user, other
than the IP address from which the user has accessed our
site. Promediary uses this information to examine our
traffic in aggregate, to investigate misuse of the Web
site, and/or to cooperate with law enforcement. Promediary
does not collect and evaluate this information to identify
specific individuals. Nor does Promediary automatically
record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
Promediary does not employ the use of
cookies, web bugs, web beacons or any other mechanism
designed to in any manner track your subsequent internet
usage.
Modifications:
Promediary.com reserves the right to
modify this privacy policy at any time, without notification.
However, at no time, will Promediary modify its policy
with regard to sharing users’ personal information
with third parties.
It is the user’s responsibility
to review this page intermittently to ensure that you
are familiar with Promediary.com’s current privacy
policies.
Copyright
© 2003 Promediary.com. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy