http://www.bannerview.com/privacy/
Menu
BannerOS
Get a Website
Have My Website Built
Build My Own Website
Services
Overview
Get a Website
Website Builder
Website Portfolio
BannerOS
SEO Tool
Website Hosting & Maintenance
Increase Website Traffic
Blog
Store
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Website Portfolio
Support
Login
Go
Privacy Policy
The following is a list of the information we may collect (not all of the information is requested on all of our web sites) and what we do with that information.When you visit any of our web sites, your computer's IP address, operating system type, browser type, and referring URL are automatically logged. This information is not shared with anyone outside of our company, unless required by applicable law. We may use this information to contact you if necessary.Some of our web sites use cookies, which are small text files that store your personal preferences and authenticate you to our web site. Most cookies that we use are "session cookies" which expire as soon as you log out of our website. Some cookies get stored on your hard drive to remember your user name and other preferences you may have set while using our services. These cookies are never shared with anyone outside of our company. No personally identifiable information is stored in these cookies. Their sole purpose is to make our services easier and more enjoyable to use.In addition to the cookies we use, as described above, companies advertising on our websites may have the ability to assign their own cookies. This is a process over which we have no control. In addition, some advertising partners may implement interest-based advertising. Interest-based advertising allows advertisers to show ads based on a user's previous interactions with them, such as visits to advertiser website and also to reach users based on their interests (e.g. "sports enthusiast"). To develop interest categories, our advertising partner will recognize the types of web pages users visit throughout their network.Some of our web pages may include third party code that embed content such as videos and text. The suppliers of these tools have the ability to track your data. Read how embedding content on our pages leaks data.Some of our websites require that you supply us with your name, email address, phone number, and other demographic information. This information is not shared with anyone outside of our company, unless required by applicable law. We may use this information to contact you if necessary.General demographic information that you optionally supply to us is only used for general statistical purposes.Any information we gather from you will only be used to contact you if requested or necessary. All personally identifiable information we collect remains in our hands. Only a court ordered request made forcing us to turn it over to the proper authorities will make us reveal your personal information. However, in the event that our company or a particular website within our network to which you have provided personal information is sold, your personal information may be transferred to the new owner and we will no longer maintain a copy after the transfer is complete other than for what may be legally required.
Questions?
Visit our support hub
Contact Us
About our software development company
"Your business. Energized!" BannerView.com is the developer of BannerOS, a premier website analytics and content management software that powers businesses all across the Internet. Get a website built or make your own with our website builder; two great ways to get a website powered by BannerOS.
Sitemap
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
© Copyright BannerView.com, 1999-2020
Login
close
This website makes use of cookies to enhance your browsing experience and provide additional functionality. None of this data can or will be used to identify or contact you.
To learn more about how this website uses cookies or local storage, please read our PRIVACY POLICY.
By clicking Allow cookies you give your permission to this website to store small bits of data on your device.
This website makes use of cookies to enhance your browsing experience and provide additional functionality
Details
Privacy policy
Allow cookies