http://www.CraneSoftwrights.com/legal/privacy.htm
Names, postal addresses, email addresses and other contact information is collected by Crane Softwrights Ltd. from the following
sources:
registration submissions for training courses
evaluation forms from students
on-line guest book entries
specific requests for being included on mailed announcements
Crane Softwrights Ltd. is committed to keeping the contact information we collect private for our exclusive use and we never
sell, rent or otherwise distribute any such information to others.
It is our practice to use collected contact information to send out periodic but infrequent notifications of upcoming items
of interest regarding Crane Softwrights Ltd.
We respect all requests to have contact information removed from our records provided they are unambiguously identified as
such a request in the subject line and body of an email to info@CraneSoftwrights.com.
Any complaints or questions should be made to the President of Crane Softwrights Ltd. or via email to info@CraneSoftwrights.com.
We acknowledge all emails regarding our privacy policy and changes to our contact information.
If you do not receive any
acknowledgement from us, please attempt to contact us again.
CRANE SOFTWRIGHTS LTD.
GIT REPOSITORIES  RESOURCES RSS XML
Please consider totowards ourfree resources.
Privacy policy
Home
Free books
Free resources
Training
Testimonials
G. Ken Holman
Company & contact information
goUBL.com
Site map
+1 (613) 489-0999 (Voice)info@CraneSoftwrights.com
Link traversal: This web site relies heavily on client-side redirection.
If certain links do not work for you, please ensure you have this
behaviour enabled in your browser.
Site navigation:
Home Free books Free resources Training Testimonials G. Ken Holman Company & contact information goUBL.com Site map
Small print:
All use of this web site and all business conducted
with Crane Softwrights Ltd. is subject to the legal disclaimers
detailed at
http://www.CraneSoftwrights.com/legal
... please contact us if you have any questions.
All trademarks, servicemarks, registered trademarks, and registered servicemarks are the property of their respective owners.
Link legend: links that are
marked with this dotted underline
will open up a new browser window, otherwise the
same browser window is used for the link
target.
Last changed: $Date: 2004/04/07 21:10:12 $(UTC) (Privacy policy)