http://www.goodkeywords.com/support/terms.php
KB
Products
Keyword Strategy Studio
Keyword & Product Idea Generator
Keyword Pad
Support
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Support Center
Knowledge Base
Contact Us
Contact
Terms and Conditions of Use
This page describes the terms and conditions that govern your use of products and services, including all websites and desktop / mobile / web software applications offered by Softnik Technologies ("Softnik", "us" or "we").
All information provided by
Softnik Technologies (Softnik) is owned by or
licensed to Softnik.
Softnik and its licensors retain all proprietary rights.
Except for making one hard copy print of limited portions, the information provided on the
web pages of Softnik may not be reproduced, transmitted or distributed without
Softnik's written permission.
The user agrees to indemnify Softnik from any damages, losses, costs or expenses which
Softnik, its affiliates, their respective employees and authorized
representatives may incur as a result of material entered into these Web pages
by the user.
[Top]
Disclaimer
Softnik makes no guarantees or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of or
results and information to be obtained from accessing and using this web page.
Neither Softnik nor its affiliates shall be liable to any user or anyone else for any
inaccuracy, error or omission, regardless of cause, in these web pages or for
any damages resulting there from.
Users entering materials on any of these Web pages are responsible for the
accuracy/contents and accuracy of that material. The same may not reflect the
views of Softnik.
Softnik has no responsibility for the content of any messages or information posted by
users, or for the content of information of third-parties on the Internet, even
if accessed through Softnik's pages. However, Softnik retains the right, in its
sole discretion to bar access to any third-party material which Softnik deems to
be illegal, offensive or otherwise inappropriate. Users may through hypertext or
other computer "links" gain access to other sites on the Internet
which are not part of Softnik's Web pages. Softnik assumes no responsibility for
any material outside of Softnik's Web pages which may be accessed through any
such "link."
[Top]
Downloadable Software
You may not de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce
any downloadable software available at the web sites of Softnik to a human perceivable
form. You may not modify, rent or resell for profit
these software, or create derivative works based upon the software. You may not
publicize or distribute any registration code algorithms, information, or
registration codes used by the software without permission of Softnik Technologies.
You may not use any registration codes for the Software that have not been purchased
from Softnik or an authorized representative of Softnik. You accept responsibility
for any network usage costs or any other costs incurred by using this software.
By using any Softnik software or storing the software on a computer hard drive
(or other media), you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of use. If you do not
agree to these terms uninstall and delete the software from all storage media.
NO WARRANTIES. - Softnik Technologies EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY for
any SOFTWARE. The SOFTWARE and any related documentation is provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The
entire risk arising out of use or performance of the SOFTWARE remains with you.
SOFTWARE AVAILABLE FROM SOFTNIK TECHNOLOGIES IS NOT FAULT TOLERANT
AND SHOULD NOT BE USED IN ANY ENVIRONMENT WHICH REQUIRES THIS.
NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES. In no event shall Softnik or its suppliers be liable for
any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits,
business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising
out of the use of or inability to use SOFTWARE, EVEN IF SOFTNIK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Softnik may link some of the buttons within the
software to third party web sites. Softnik has no control over the contents of these sites
and as such makes no warranty, either express or implied, as to the products or services
available on third party sites.
[Top]
Installation & Uninstallation
All our downloadable software products can be uninstalled easily from the Windows control panel.
This is normally done from the "Programs and Features" applet of the control panel.
Mac OS X applications can be uninstalled by just dragging the application to the trash can.
All software products, except the ones that haven't been updated in the last 6-7 years,
are digitally signed and you can identify the publisher (Softnik Technologies)
at the time of installation. The Mac OS X applications are also signed and run under the protected sandbox.
All software products available from our site are developed by us. We never include or bundle any
third party applications along with our products.
[Top]
Upgrade Policy
The upgrade policy applies to all paid software products.
Unless otherwise stated, minor updates are free. For example, if you
purchased version 4.0 you are entitled to minor version updates like
4.01, 4.1, 4.2, and so on at no extra cost.
Major version updates (eg: from version 4.0 to version 5.0) are free if you
are within the free upgrade period (this will vary depending on the product). All free
major version upgrades will have to be claimed within 90 days of the new product release.
We reserve the right to refuse free upgrade requests after 90 days of the major version release.
If your free upgrade period has expired you will be able to purchase an upgrade
at a substantial discount.
Life time free upgrades
Some product offers may include free lifetime upgrades. The term lifetime refers to the
life of the product and you will receive all minor and major version upgrades of the same
product. You will need to claim your free upgrade within 3 months of any major version
release.
Special Upgrade Offers
From time to time we offer special upgrades to customers who purchased an older
software or the lower version of an existing product. These are complimentary upgrades
and are not recorded. It is the responsibility of the customer to backup any registration codes
and software products provided as part of the offer. We will not be able to resend the upgrade
registration codes or software links if they are misplaced. This policy will be strictly
enforced because we only keep the original purchase records and not the complimentary upgrade records.
[Top]
This document was last updated on May-01-2013 (the section on installation and uninstallation was added)
About us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Software
Install / Uninstall
Disclaimer
Contact Form
Close