https://www.thinkmate.com/privacy
Privacy Statement
Thinkmate respects consumer online privacy. Personal information collected is held in confidence and will not be shared, sold or rented to outside parties.
Collection of Personal Information
Information is collected from our customers in order to correctly process orders. Information is also collected to establish means of communication regarding orders or services that are in process. Your purchase history or purchase habits will not be used as a basis for offering additional products.
Personal Information Privacy
Thinkmate will take appropriate steps to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. Personal information collected is held in confidence and will not be shared, sold or rented to outside parties.
Email Communication
Thinkmate communicates with customers via email only if the customer agrees to receive those communications. Customers who believe they are receiving our communications in error or no longer desire to receive them may unsubscribe by clicking a the 'Save Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of all of Thinkmate's communication emails.
Order Information Privacy and Credit Card Security
Order information is collected through use of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information. Customer credit card information is split into sections and stored in separate databases. Thinkmate restricts access to these databases to key management employees only.
Cookies
Thinkmate currently uses "cookies" on our site. Our cookies tag each visitor's browser with a random, unique number. The cookie simply assigns a number and does not disclose any personal information about the person using the browser.
External Links
Thinkmate may provide links to third party websites. Thinkmate assumes no responsibility or liability for these websites and is not responsible for the policies or procedures of these websites. Similarly, Thinkmate is not responsible for the content of third party websites.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Thinkmate you are welcome to contact us. If you wish to update or correct the personal information about you held by Thinkmate, please contact us.