http://www.dotnoc.com/privacy.php
Toll Free: 877.518.6695
Vancouver: 604.518.6695
:: Home
:: About
:: Sitemap
:: Contact Us ::
Home
Managed Hosting
Managed Hosting
Dedicated Servers
Linux Servers
Windows Servers
Managed Services
Managed Services
Managed Desktop Services
Managed Server Services
Computer Support
Computer Support
Computer Networking
Linux Server Support
Windows Server Support
Windows Desktop Support
Exchange Support
Database Consulting
Networking
Network Services
Network Design
Network Security
Load Balancing
VPN Services
PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated 2003,11,02
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which DOTNOC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected
from users of this Web site (each, a "User").
Privacy
Users. privacy is very important to DOTNOC. DOTNOC is committed to safeguarding and protecting the information Users
entrust to DOTNOC. This Web site is not directed at children under 13 years of age.
The Information We Collect
DOTNOC may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms
for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. DOTNOC
may also collect information about how Users use our Web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views
received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Users originate. We may use "cookies" to track how
Users use our Web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users. PC or computer and use
to identify the User should they visit the Web site again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users
is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through
our Web site.
How We Use Information
DOTNOC may use personally identifiable information collected through our Web site to contact Users regarding products
and services offered by DOTNOC and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise
to enhance Users. experience with DOTNOC and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. DOTNOC may
also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the
marketing, advertising and sales efforts of DOTNOC, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners;
for example, to provide you with information about products which might be of interest to you or to enable you to take
advantage of special partner programs or DOTNOC specials. DOTNOC may also use customer information to provide customers with system
information or information about new or upgraded products.
Disclosure of Information
DOTNOC may disclose information collected from Users to trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners
who will use the information for the purposes outlined above. We may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based
on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Finally, we may transfer information collected
from Users in connection with a sale of DOTNOC's business.
Maintenance of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry or above industry standards in security
tactics. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems
will be completely secure.
Questions
Users may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by email to support @ dotnoc.com.
Users may choose not to receive any type of solicitations from DOTNOC or from any of its trusted affiliates,
independent contractors and or business partners by completing this opt-out request form.
| Canada Managed Hosting
| Canada Managed Servers
| Managed Services
| Networking
| Windows
| Linux
| Free Scripts |
Copyright © 2003 - 2020 . Dotnoc dot com. All Rights Reserved.
A division of Netdigix Systems Inc. in
Vancouver Canada,
All Prices are in Canadian Dollars and are subject to change without notice.
All tradmarks & logos are copyright of their respective owners
Dotnoc offers Managed IT, computer support, Managed hosting solutions, Networking services and Cloud hosting.
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy