http://www.datalandsoftware.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Web Log Storming
CD Label Designer
MicroBiz Balance Soon
Freeware
Grocify
Agenda At Once PIM
Decision Oven
Development
Software Development
Web Design and Programming
Examples of our Work
About
Blog
Contact
Web Log Storming
An interactive web log analyzer for Apache and IIS servers. Unique features allow you an easy and quick segmentation by browsing into details and applying live filters.
Learn more »
CD Label Designer
Create your CD labels with ease! This Windows program will help you design and print CD labels (jewel case front, inside and back, DVD box, round disk, business card labels and booklets).
Learn more »
Agenda At Once PIM
At last, an easy-to-use but powerful PIM and To-Do Windows application - with a flexible interface that really supports you in managing your personal data.
Learn more »
Custom Software Development
Custom-made professional looking and performing desktop software applications, tailored for your own use or for further distribution.
Learn more » See examples »
Web Design and Programming
Ensure your company web presence. We can build a website for you - either simple and static, by using some of Content Management Systems (CMS)
or create a custom solution.
Learn more » See examples »
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Dataland Software pr.
We take our users' privacy seriously from the very beginning of operation. In order to run the business, we need to collect and keep some of your data, but we take special care in the process.
We do not collect any information that is not necessary and/or that you are not aware of
We keep this information secure
We won't ever sell your information to third-parties
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter your email address will be stored on our servers. We don't use third-party email campaign service. You can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
Email
We retain all emails sent to us, so that we have a record of our interactions with customers and can provide the best possible support. Our email server is hosted with Google.
Desktop software
Desktop software stores your data locally on your computer and we do not have access to it. If needed, for testing and debugging purposes, we might ask you by email to send us sample data that you have problem with. In case you agree and send it to us, this file may be kept for the future reference, unless you ask us to delete it afterwards.
Bug reports
If error is occurred, you will be presented with a window containing debugging information about the error, as human-readable text. You can review this information and then decide to send it or not. If you decide to send it, it is necessary to either (a) fill-in your email address as a consent (and if you wish us to contact you) or (b) check the box to confirm that you want to send bug report anonymously. We store these reports on our own server.
Statistics and analytics
We use server log files (that contains IP addresses) to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. For analyzing statistics, Dataland Software uses own product Web Log Storming in combination with self-hosted open source solution Matomo (formerly known as Piwik). All data is kept on our own server and/or local computers.
Cookies
When you enter a site your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie. Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows.
Cookies themselves only record those areas of the site that have been visited by the computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user, if any.
Social Media
For the marketing purposes and for the better user experience, we include Facebook code on some of our pages. This way Facebook might "know" that you visited our website, but we don't know nothing about your Facebook account and if you have one or not.
If you "Like" our Facebook page, we give you a discount coupon. To accomplish this, we use a simple script on our server. The script does not collect or store any information received by Facebook, it just sends a coupon code back to Facebook so you can see it.
Purchases
Purchases are handled by specialized third-party payment processors (FastSpring.com). After the purchase, they will pass some of your information on to us (IP address, name, email address...). We do not share this information with anyone and we keep it in our own databases, so we can resend license key if needed, check purchase history, etc. Payment processor does not send us your credit card number.
We also use this information to occasionally notify you about important new versions. We do this rarely, only if we have something very important to say (usually no more than once in a year or two). You can unsubscribe at any time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can send an E-mail to us.