http://www.shopoki.co.uk/About-E111.aspx#privacy
£
Price Match Promise*
We Check Competitors Every Day
Free Express Delivery*
#1 Trusted Company
Rated 4.9/5 on TrustPilot
Home
Oki Printers
OKI Printers
OKI Colour Laser Printers
OKI Mono Laser Printers
Oki Multifunction Printers
OKI A3 Printers
Oki Dot Matrix Printers
Oki Ink and Toner Cartridges
OKI Printer Accessories & Warranties
OKI SALE Items
Oki AirPrint Compatible Printers
OKI PrintersGlobal business to business brand OKI Printing Solutions is dedicated to bringing it's customers cost-effective, professional print solutions. OKI's history of producing award winning products and developing exciting new print technologies has helped it to become one of Europe's leading independent printer brands.OKI printers feature OKI's award winning LED printer technology which outperforms traditional standard laser print technology. Unlike laser printers, OKI's LED printers feature no moving parts within the LED mechanism, making them far more reliable than traditional laser printers.OKI have designed it's printers to be intelligent, cost-effective, environmentally friendly whilst ensuring print speeds are kept high. OKI's vision is to bring high quality printing to a wider range of businesses. The multifunction (all-in-one) style models are capable of printing both colour and mono documents, scanning and faxing without compromising print costs, speed or quality. All this is backed up by OKI's continued, impressive showing of industry awards.Whether you need a super-fast, versatile desktop page printer or a rugged high specification powerhouse for your workgroup, OKI has the complete range to find your perfect solution. Choose from compact, personal, desktop machines designed to be unobtrusive in a small or home office environment whilst still providing crisp, high-quality professional documents, faster desktop printers for the professional SME, or full spec, high speed networked printers designed and engineered to provide peak performance and print quality to meet the needs of any business department in a large enterprise...and all this whilst keeping your print running costs to a minimum.All OKI printers from the single function range are also available in a multifunction version, providing the options of scan, copy and even fax functions to suit any business size. Helping to further save on running costs, space and capital expenditure, any business can optimise it's management of print communications with a multifunction OKI printer.Printerland is now the UK’s leading supplier of OKI products – stocking a huge of products and employing OKI-trained specialists to help you with any problems you may encounter. OKI Printers for the HomeThe printers in the OKI Colour Laser Printers range are well suited to the demands and requirements of the home office. Capable of producing high quality prints with simple set-up and easy-to-follow menu navigation systems – the range is perfect for new and experienced users alike. Despite the simplistic functionality of the printers in the range, the machines have been developed to never compromise the quality of the prints. Using OKI’s own range of toners, the printers are capable of reproducing the subtle tones and nuances of high definition photographs to produce photo-realistic prints.OKI Printers for BusinessPrinterland stock a wide range of printers which are well suited to the demands of business environments – helping professionals complete a range of tasks. The OKI Multifunction Printers incorporate print, copy, scan and fax functionalities to help offices simply and efficiently complete a comprehensive range of tasks. The robust machines have been developed to perform at a high standard, reminiscent of dedicated units.OKI's Corporate BackgoundOKI Printing Solutions has continued to grow year on year quickly positioning itself as a market leader, challenging the likes of HP by becoming a recognised brand with a range of printers positively received in the market. OKI employs over 25,000 people across the world and is represented through over 120 different countries. It has 4 regional headquarters covering London, New Jersey USA, Japan and Asia Pacific.
Customer Reviews
09 October 2020
Brandon Royce-Hall
5.0/5
Value...5
Features...5
Quality...5
Performance...5
OKI A3 laser printer
(OKI C824n)
We have just unboxed the printer and it is amazing value for money.
Printerland customer service has been amazing and would recommend this company.
Thank you for all of your help with finding the right p ... read more..
Read More
02 June 2020
Roger Phillips
5.0/5
Value...5
Features...5
Quality...5
Performance...5
Oki MC853DNW
(OKI MC853dnw)
Nice compact printer.
... read more..
Read More
06 March 2020
Tibor Noszkay
5.0/5
Value...5
Features...5
Quality...5
Performance...5
In good hands with Printerland
(OKI C612n)
This is the second printer I bought from Printerland and I must say that both times I have had an excellent service and delivery from them.
I did have to use OKI technical support but only because I didn't ... read more..
Read More
Read All Oki Printers Reviews
Speak to our printer team today! We have over 40 trained professionals waiting to take your call - 0800 840 1992
We use cookies to ensure the very best shopping experience possible.
By using this site, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy
Free next business day delivery is available on all orders over £125.00 + VAT on the UK mainland.
Most items are shipped to you via ‘Next Working Day’ courier service. The cut-off for next working day delivery is 4:30pm. In the event of an item not being available via this service, we will endeavour to contact you at the earliest opportunity.
We also deliver to the Channel Islands, Scottish Islands, Isle of Man, Northern Ireland and Eire. Areas such as the Scottish Highlands or where a body of water is crossed are subject to a 2-3 working day delivery time.
No guarantees are given for next day delivery. However, our mission is to achieve this where possible.
Excellent
Rated 4.9 out of 5. See some of the reviews here.
Michael Gott - BGO Records
Fabulous swift no nonsense service. Goods without fail, turn up the next day, which is exactly what is required and ordering process could not be simpler. Recommend this company very highly.
Craig
Fast and Professional Service I've bought a number of printers from Printerland and in every case, the delivery has been next day as promised, with follow up to make sure that everything has gone to plan...
Wendy Gorton
Excellent prices and service Excellent, prices and customer service. Nothing is too much trouble at Printerland. Best place for printers and will beat any price.
Amy
Reliable, Quick and Helpful. Prices are unbeatable, very helpful and polite customer service and delivery is super quick! Would definitely recommend.
Find your perfect printer
We Will Not be Beaten on Price...
Even on Ink & Toner Cartridges! *
Free Next Day Delivery
on all Orders Over £125
Call us Free on 0800 840 1992
Terms & Conditions*
Price applicable to business customers and those eligible to recover VAT.
VAT is payable at a rate of 20%
This calculation is based on current pricing which is subject to change over time and excludes the cost of additional long life components such as drums, fusers or other maintenance items.
*Page yields are declared by the manufacturer in accordance with ISO/IEC standards or occasionally estimated based on 5% coverage. Yield will vary greatly depending on image, area coverage, print mode and environmental conditions.
*Page yields are declared by the manufacturer in accordance with ISO/IEC standards or occasionally estimated based on 5% per page coverage. Yields will vary greatly depending on image, area coverage, print mode and environmental conditions.
;