https://www.automateexcel.com/privacy/
Privacy - Automate Excel
Skip to content
Start Here
VBA
VBA Tutorial
Learn the essentials of VBA with this one-of-a-kind interactive tutorial.
VBA Code Generator
Essential VBA Add-in – Generate code from scratch, insert ready-to-use code fragments
VBA Code Examples
100+ VBA code examples, including detailed walkthroughs of common VBA tasks.
Excel
Formulas Tutorial
Learn 30 of Excel’s most-used functions with 60+ interactive exercises and many more examples.
Functions List
List of 100+ most-used Excel Functions. See the syntax or click the function for an in-depth tutorial.
Formulas List
Growing list of Excel Formula examples (and detailed descriptions) for common Excel tasks.
Excel Boot Camp
Learn Excel in Excel – A complete Excel tutorial based entirely inside an Excel spreadsheet.
Shortcuts
Shortcut Training App
Interactive shortcut training app – Learn 70+ of Excel’s most useful shortcuts.
List of Shortcuts
List of 200+ Excel shortcuts. Bookmark and come back to reference.
Shortcut Coach
Excel shortcut training add-in – Learn shortcuts effortlessly as you work.
charts
Chart Templates
Chart Templates (Free Downloads)
Chart Add-in
The ultimate Excel charting Add-in. Easily insert advanced charts.
Charts List
List of all Excel charts.
Privacy
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Spreadsheet Boot Camp LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the excelbootcamp.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Spreadsheet Boot Camp LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, place an orderfill out a formsubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address,
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Spreadsheet Boot Camp LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners (including Google), who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html  (Updated link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads)
Changes to this privacy policy
Spreadsheet Boot Camp LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time.. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Spreadsheet Boot Camp LLC
excelbootcamp.com
(312) 469-0172
spreadsheetbootcamp@gmail.com
Other Information (Required by Google):
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.)
ABOUT AUTOMATE EXCEL
"At Automate Excel we offer a range of free resources, software, training, and consulting to help you Excel at Excel. Contact me to learn more."
Steve Rynearson, Chief Excel Officer (CEO) at Automate Excel
VBA Code Generator VBA TutorialVBA Code Examples for Excel
Start Here
Excel Boot Camp Formulas TutorialExcel Formulas Examples List Functions List
Shortcut Coach Shortcut TutorialShortcuts List
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
I'm constantly posting new free stuff! Sign up here to receive notices.
First Name*Email*
©  2020 Spreadsheet Boot Camp LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Disclaimer About
Contact Us
x
x