http://www.robomo.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Your browser is outdated. Upgrade to a modern browser to better experience this site.
Your browser has turned off or is blocking Javascript.
If you are using a content blocker, check to see that you have not globally turned off Javascript.
If you have turned it off manually in your browser, please enable it to better experience this site.
Terms & Conditions
Conditions
Welcome to our online store If you visit or shop within this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Shipping
We strive to process your order the same day but ask your patience in allowing us three days. Please understand we cannot predict nor control the United States Postal Service or UPS, nor their schedule or holidays, but the majority of the time, they’re pretty fast. Shipping Charges and Taxes: Shipping charges are not included in our pricing. Please place your order in the “Shopping Cart” to view the exact shipping charges. Florida sales tax of 7.0% will apply to orders shipped to an address in the state of Florida.
We ship USPS or UPS and we only ship with tracking confirmation. When you register on the website your product will be shipped to the designated Shipping Address. A shipping ZONE is assigned at the time you register, and is used for calculating shipping to you. The Shipping Calculator will automatically determine the shipping cost based on your ZONE.
International Shipping
We do not offer international shipping. Please contact a local international dealer to order through: www.robomow.com.
Limited Warranty
MTD LLC offers a limited warranty to the Initial Purchaser for residential or otherwise noncommercial use of the Mower, subject to the Exclusions and Warranty Period as disclosed.
Returns
If you wish to return an item in original, salable condition, please email Customer Support with your name, order date, order number and reason for return. We will then email you our email return authorization. We reserve the right to charge a re-stocking fee. When you mail your return, make sure you include a copy of our email return authorization in your package so we may efficiently credit your account. Shipping and handling charges are the responsibility of the purchaser unless we ship the wrong item.
Privacy Notice
Thank you for visiting www.usa.robomow.com. Protecting consumer privacy is very important to us. Our Online Privacy Statement is available to inform you about our collection and use of personal information so that you can make informed choices about how your own information is collected and used. This Online Privacy Statement reflects Robomow.com’s policies covering personal information collected at this website. Robomow.com only collects personal information in order to offer or provide goods and services to consumers and our customers. We may obtain this information from a variety of sources: directly from customer applications, questionnaires and other materials submitted to us by customers, from transactions in which Robomow.com and consumers are involved and from click-thru activity on our web sites.
Sharing Your information
We do not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for commercial purposes. However, we do utilize third parties to process credit card payments. We may also release your personal information when appropriate to comply with the requirements of law or legal process. Such release may include exchanging information with third parties for fraud protection and reduction of credit risks. If you have any questions or comments about our Online Privacy Statement, or for some reason believe we have not adhered to our statement, please contact us. We may alter this statement as needed for certain products and services and to abide by local laws or regulations around the world. Robomow.com reserves the right to amend or modify this statement from time to time. We urge you to review this statement whenever you visit in order to obtain the most current statement. You may change your choices at any time.
Electronic Communications
When you visit Robomow.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site or Forum. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, satisfy any legal requirement that such communication is to be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, software and videos, is the property of Robomow.com or its content suppliers and protected by United States copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Robomow.com and protected by U.S. copyright laws.
Trademarks
Robomow.com’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Robomow.com’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Robomow.com. All other trademarks not owned by Robomow.com or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Robomow.com or its subsidiaries.
License and Site Access
Robomow.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Robomow.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Robomow.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Robomow.com and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Robomow.com’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Robomow.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Robomow.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Robomow.com so long as the link does not portray Robomow.com, its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Robomow.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Your Membership Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Robomow.com and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Reviews, Comments, Emails and Other Content
Visitors may post questions, comments, and other content, and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Robomow.com reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Robomow.com and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Robomow.com and its associates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Robomow.com or its associates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Robomow.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Robomow.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. RISK OF LOSS All items purchased from Robomow.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This basically means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Applicable Law
By visiting Robomow.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Robomow.com or its associates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Robomow.com or to products you purchase from Robomow.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Florida, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Robomow.com intellectual property rights, Robomow.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Florida, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Questions
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to support by submitting a request to our Sales & Support Team.