http://www.cyber-media.co.uk/privacy/
Our Privacy Policy
What data we're storing, how we use it, and how long we store it for.
Date of last revision: 11th December 2019
Version number: 1.1
Personal data
Cyber Media Solutions Ltd is responsible for how personal data is processed and for what purposes (we are known in legal terms as the ‘data controller’). Personal data is data that could be used to identify a living individual.
The table below summaries the personal data we collect and why.
When is it collected?
What is collected?
Why is it needed?
Who is collecting it?
Will it be shared with a third party?
How long is it kept for?
When you submit an enquiry online
name, company, email, phone, enquiry details
To enable us to receive and respond to enquiries submitted online
Cyber Media Solutions Ltd
No
Until the enquiry has been satisfied
If we would like to use your personal data for a new purpose, we will always seek your prior consent and will update this notice accordingly.
We take protection of your personal data seriously and employ data encryption in transit (using HTTPS protocol) and encryption at rest on the disk drives where your data is stored.
In addition, we use cookies (small text files stored on your device) to provide functionality and analytics capabilities on the website. Please refer to our Cookie Policy below for an overview of the cookies used.
You can refer to the official help documentation of your browser provider for information on how to change cookie preferences.
Where personal data is stored
All personal data held will be stored and processed by staff in the United Kingdom.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with third parties with your consent, or if there is a legal obligation for us to disclose the information.
Your rights and your personal data
From May 2018 the GDPR provides you with rights in respect of your personal data. These include:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which we hold about you
The right to ask us to correct personal data that is wrong or out of date
The right to request your personal data is erased
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office
Contact details
If you should have a query, or wish to exercise your rights or make a complaint in relation to your personal data, please contact us using the details provided below.
Chris Pardochris.pardo@cyber-media.co.uk
Cyber Media Solutions LtdOpus HousePriestly CourtStaffordshire Technology ParkStaffordST18 0LQ
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit a website. Once you agree, the cookie is added and it helps websites and web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The website or application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences (such as your language, the products you’ve added to your shopping card, etc.).
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site may not work.
Cookie
Name
Purpose and details
Essential site cookies
CFIDCFTOKENSUPPORT
These cookies are essential to identify multiple requests from the same user when using our online support system.
Google Analytics
_ga_gat_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information see the overview of privacy at Google
Hotjar
_hjid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site, without personally identifying anyone. We use the information to help us improve the user experience of our site. Read more about Hotjar Cookies
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.