https://www.lextel.com/embedded-software-privacy/
Privacy
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We’ve structured our websites so that, in general, you can visit Lextel on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection and aggregate reporting.
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Lextel uses personal information to better understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Lextel. We take seriously the trust you place in us. Lextel will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.
On some Lextel websites, you can order products or services, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself or your Lextel products, or apply for a job at Lextel. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.
To personalize our websites, services or communications and improve our products and services, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and experiences with our products or services. Providing this additional information is optional.
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. Lextel collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the Lextel websites. Non-personal data we collect may include the pages visited on the Lextel websites, unique URLs visited within Lextel.com, browser type and IP address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. Lextel.com Web pages use cookies, Web beacons and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may collect, use, and disclose statistics that tell us that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated  uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
Lextel strives to keep your personal information accurate. We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of Lextel’s websites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
The most effective way to view and change your personal information is to return to the Web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that Web page.
Changes to this Statement
If there are updates to the terms of Lextel’s Online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes and update the revision date in this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. For material changes to this Statement, Lextel will provide notification to affected customers.
How To Contact Us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to mailto:privacy@lextel.com or write to us at the following address:
Lextel, Inc.
131 Main St. B475
North Andover, MA 01845
Revised February 2016
Comments are closed