http://www.pricedex.com/legal/
Legal Terms & Conditions
Legal terms, conditions, and notices for this site
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this site, you signify your assent to these terms of use and agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site.
Terms & Conditions
Any claim relating to, and the use of, this site and materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario. This site (“Site”) is owned and operated by Pricedex Software Inc.(referred to as “Pricedex” herein). No material from Pricedex or any web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Pricedex may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of Pricedex’ copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of this Agreement; unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing, the use of any such material on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited.
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names (collectively, the “Marks”) are proprietary to Pricedex, or other respective owners which have granted Pricedex the right and license to use such Marks. While Pricedex uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Pricedex makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Pricedex assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or representations in the content of this Site.
The Site may contain links to other sites on the internet which are owned and operated by other third parties (the “External Sites”). You acknowledge that Pricedex is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through any External Site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such External Sites.
THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE PURSUANT TO THE APPLICABLE LAW, PRICEDEX DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL PRICEDEX BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF PRICEDEX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Copyright Notice
© 1997-2018 Pricedex Software Inc. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds and other materials on this site are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Pricedex, its affiliated companies and its licensors. Pricedex owns the copyrights in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the materials on this site. These materials may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these materials be modified or reposted to other sites, without the express written consent of Pricedex.
Trademark Notice
All trademarks displayed on this site are subject to the trademark rights of Pricedex. These trademarks include, but are not limited to the following trademarks of Pricedex:
PRICEDEX ®
Pricedex ®
PDM Builder ™
PDXi ™
PDXi – Web Interface ™
PDM Explorer ™
PDM Catalog Explorer™
PDM Catalog Finder™
PDM Web Explorer ™
pdxQuote ™
pdxMX ™
pdxMX – Market Exchange ™
e-Reports ™
AutoPIM ™
AutoPIM Pro ™
AutoPIM Pro MME ™
AutoPIM Pro HD™
AutoPIM Pro Commercial Vehicle™
Pricedex logo
All marks preceded by “Pricedex”
The unauthorized use of any trademark displayed on this site is strictly prohibited. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Statement
Pricedex® has created this privacy statement in order to set forth our limited use of information generated from this web site.
We do not share information about individual users with any third party. When you agree to give us your contact information, you are agreeing to allow Pricedex to use it to communicate with you, but it is assumed that such consent is not intended to allow Pricedex to share your information with any other person or entity. You have the option to set a ‘cookie’, for your sole convenience, to be remembered when you visit our site again. If you accept the option of setting a cookie, you will not have to re-enter your contact information each time you visit our site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their e-mail addresses). We use contact information from the registration form to send the registrant information about our company and industry information which may be of relevance, depending upon areas of subject matter interest selected by the registrant. This information may also be used to contact the registrant directly when necessary. Users may, at any time, opt-out of receiving future mailings. Your wishes will be respected.
Our site may use an order form or a survey form, from time to time, to collect general industry-related information or to enable users to request information about products and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their e-mail addresses). Contact information from the order form and the survey for is used to send information about our company to visitors. The contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may, at any time, opt-out of receiving future communications by contacting the Pricedex Webmaster by email and requesting, in the subject line, “Opt-out of Corporate Communications”, and indicating in the body of the email a daytime telephone contact number with which Pricedex can confirm their identity and their request to ‘Opt-Out’ of Pricedex corporate communications.
Pricedex periodically publishes a newsletter entitled “The PIM Report”. Recipients may opt out of receiving this newsletter by following the directions to unsubscribe, located at the bottom of the e-mail newsletter.
This site contains links to other sites. Pricedex is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, but has done its very best to assure the credibility of such sites to which it grants links.
Contacting Pricedex
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact Pricedex at: webmaster@pricedex.com.