http://www.drivehq.com/help/features/Backup.aspx
Cloud-to-Cloud Backup
DriveHQ Cloud IT Service can completely replace your in-house file servers. If you have migrated to the cloud completely,
you might want to back up your cloud data, esp. if your data is extremely important.
By default, DriveHQ's cloud storage is extremely secure and reliable based on our system and infrastructure design. However,
in certain special cases, data loss is still possible.
Cloud-to-cloud backup can add an extra layer of protection.
Manage C2C Backup Task
Local-to-Cloud Online Backup
DriveHQ Online Backup software is an enterprise-class backup program that allows
you to create many real-time or scheduled backup tasks.
You can back up any number of laptops, desktops and servers. It is extremely easy, efficient and reliable.
DriveHQ Online Backup software supports both Windows and Mac, and can be managed remotely by a system administrator.
DriveHQ also offers a robust Unix/Linux/Mainframe data backup solution
and
Custom Server Backup solution with FTP backup program/script.
DriveHQ's Command FTP client
is a powerful command-line FTP tool designed to replace the default Windows FTP client. It supports FTP, FTPS and SFTP. With its powerful FTP scripting features,
you can easily create a custom FTP backup solution.
Download DriveHQ Online Backup
DriveHQ Online Backup Manual
Cloud-to-Local Backup
For businesses who have completely migrated to the cloud, if you have any concern about losing
cloud data access, you can back up cloud files to a local file server. DriveHQ FileManager software
can be used for this purpose. You just need to create a one-way folder synchronization task,
syncing a cloud folder with a folder on your local file server.
Download DriveHQ FileManager
Email / Outlook Backup
Backing up Outlook emails can be very inefficient. Most Outlook backup software can only backup .PST files. Since a .PST file is so huge and is constantly modified, it is very hard to backup and restore just a few emails.
DriveHQ EmailManager software is extremely efficient as it can parse the .PST file. It can incrementally back up and restore emails one-by-one.
Your backed-up emails can be accessed via DriveHQ webmail.
Download DriveHQ EmailManager
More details about DriveHQ Online Backup software
Better Protection:
DriveHQ
Online Backup software automatically backs up your data to DriveHQ's state-of-the-art data center.
The data center has 24x7 onsite monitoring and surveillance, using multiple layers of redundancy and collocated
with Hurrican Electrics powerfule server farms.
Set and Forget:
Once DriveHQ's Online Backup
client software has been installed, it will run in the background automatically. Therefore, it can backup your data
even if no one is logged onto the computer.
Scheduled or real-time backup:
Create scheduled
backup tasks that run throughout the day or backup your files in real time as soon as a document is updated. There is
no limit to the number of tasks you can setup
No Limit on Machines:
DriveHQ's Online Backup
client software is free, so you may backup as many computers as you'd like without an additional charge. Create
different tasks for different computers, restore files on a new PC, or migrate tasks to an old PC. There are no
limitations with our service.
Incremental Backup:
With incremental backup,
our Online Backup client software will only backup files that have been changed, saving both time and storage space.
It will also compress data for better upload/download speeds and has magic upload technology so that existing tasks
run even more quickly.
File Versioning:
In the event of accidental
deletion or overwrite, you can "travel back in time" and restore the old version. By default, DriveHQ Online Backup
keeps up to 10 versions, though you can customize this to save as many versions as you'd like.
Ultimate Privacy:
DriveHQ's service is designed
with enterprise-level security in order to meet business and government agency requirements. Our client software
supports HTTPS/SSL, protecting your data during transmission and client side encryption, therefore no one
(not even DriveHQ employees) can access your files without this secure, encryption key.
Back Up SQL Database, Quickbooks, MS Exchange, Outlook PST Files,
Virtual Machine/VHD Backup:
DriveHQ Online Backup supports Volume Shadow Copy and can back up locked files. Moreover, it is extremely efficient with incremental
data backup and data compression. It can back up large files such as database files, MS Exchange files, Outlook PST files, VHD files and Quickbooks files.
IP Camera or DVR Backup / Cloud Surveillance
If you need more than just data protection, DriveHQ has a subsidiary (CameraFTP) that offers
Cloud Surveillance and Recording service.
CameraFTP Cloud surveillance
is more secure than regular surveillance services.
Regular IP cameras / DVRs are not secure as intruders can easily steal the devices. You need to back up the recorded footage to the Cloud.