https://www.ecommercetemplates.com/privacy.asp
Ecommerce Templates > Privacy policy
Ecommerce Templates Privacy Policy
ViciSoft SL has
created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to privacy.
General Statement of Principles
As described in detail below, any information we gather at this
web site is strictly for our use and is not shared with any other
entity, public or private, for any reason - period. We will not
sell or give away any lists or other data that we may retain and
we do not purchase such information from other sources.
Statistical Data
Our servers (as most) track IP addresses and referring pages to
help with site maintenance and improvements. This data is viewed
only as anonymous statistics to show the busiest times of the day
or week, pages with errors and how effective our advertising has
been. This information is not used for any other purpose.
Personal Information Collected - Order Forms
With the exception of credit card info, we store the information
from your order form to allow us to track consulting issues
or refer to a previous order to help provide some customer service. You
may
elect to have your information completely removed from this
system by e-mailing us at info@ecommercetemplates.com
with your request. We do not store any type of sales information.
Information Correction or Removal
If you wish to correct, update or remove any information about you
that may be in our records, please send us e-mail at info@ecommercetemplates.com
with the details of your request. If you wish to contact us further,
please find complete contact information on our contact
page.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use "cookies" to store your cart contents for you. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use the checkout section of our site.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 22nd 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
Last updated: May 22 2018
Buy now...
ECT Hosted Store
Hosted Store Free Trial
Responsive design cart
Premium responsive design
WordPress shopping cart
Dreamweaver shopping cart
CSS shopping cart
Design your own online store
Replacement software
Store tools & services
Developer license
Digital download plug-in
Store set up services
Your shopping cart...
Shopping cart
0 Product(s) in cart
Discounts 0.00€
Total 0.00€
»
Checkout
What's new...
Mobile device notifications
Version 7.0
PayPal Smart Buttons
MailChimp Integration
Social media buttons
Braintree
Amazon Payments
Product filter bar
Australia Post shipping
Wordpress ecommerce
Royal Mail shipping
Responsive design layouts
Our newsletter...
Name
Email
General help...
Overview
General help files
ASP Plus help
PHP Plus help
Tutorials
Technical support
Payment providers
Resellers
Your account...
Login DetailsEmailPasswordRemember login on this computer?New Account*Name*Email*PasswordReceive our updater newsletter(We will never divulge your email to a 3rd party)
Login Status
Not logged in
» Login
Search our site...