http://www.hostrelax.com/domain-name/privacy-whois-protection/
Web Hosting, Domain Name Registration, Email Hosting And Reseller Hosting By HostRelax
Home
About Us
About HostRelax
Our Data Centers
Our Network
Our Guarantees
Associations
Acquisitions
Testimonials
Careers
Contact Us
Domain Name
Current Promos
Domain Pricing
Security Features
Domain Parking
Domain Buy Sell
Domain URL Forwarding
Manage DNS Services
Privacy Whois Protection
Domain Reseller
Web Hosting
Current Promos
Linux Hosting
Windows Hosting
Multiple Domains Hosting
Charity Hosting
Virtual DNS Hosting
Linux Reseller
Windows Reseller
Email Hosting
Email Pricing
Email Forwarding
Email Backup
Email Defense
Dedicated Server
Server Colocation
SSL Certificate
Thawte SSL Certificate
Thawte SSL Pricing
Personal Email Certificate
Services
Manage Hosting
Web Design
Training
Partners
Affiliate Programme
Reseller Programme
Accredited Partners
Support
Billing Information
Frequent Ask Question
Resources
Tutorials
Privacy Whois Protection
Protect the information that you display in the WHOIS details of your Domain Name with Privacy Protection. Although most providers charge anywhere between $6 – $14 for this service, we offer you Privacy Protection absolutely FREE of cost! You can safeguard your personal information from spammers, data harvesters, etc. ensuring that your WHOIS information is never misused.
Please Note: As per the Registries’ mandate, Privacy Protection cannot be used for certain Domains.
FREE Privacy Protection with every Domain name by HostRelax™
Why Privacy Protection?
When buying a domain name you have to provide accurate contact information or else your domain registration could be terminated as it would be in violation of the registration agreement.
This information has to be made publicly available to everyone via the public WHOIS database as required by ICANN, the international governing body for domain names.
Everyday, this valuable source of accurate contact information is targeted and harvested by spammers and telemarketers resulting in unwanted and unsolicited contact. Also since your contact information is public, you are at risk for identity theft and fraud and of being contacted by harassers and stalkers.
Privacy Protection ensures that your private information is not published by replacing all your publicly visible contact details with alternate contact information.
How does it work?
When you enable Privacy Protection on a domain name, we replace all your publicly visible contact details with alternate contact information so that when a WHOIS query is performed on the domain, an alternate mailing address, email address and phone number are displayed.
You retain full ownership of the domain and have complete control of it.
Anyone that tries to contact you using the alternate email address or phone number provided in the public WHOIS database will be directed to an online contact form which will in turn email the message to you. All mails sent to the alternate mailing address will be discarded.
Privacy Protection can be disabled/enabled at any time and is provided absolutely FREE.
Note: Privacy Protection is not available for the following domain names: .TEL, .EU, .CO.IN, .NET.IN, .ORG.IN, .GEN.IN, .FIRM.IN, .IND.IN, .CO.UK, .ME.UK, .ORG.UK, .IN, .US, .ASIA
The Latest
Domain Name
Web Hosting
Email Hosting
com
net
org
biz
name
us
info
ws
cc
mobi
tv
eu
mn
bz
in
co.uk
org.uk
me.uk
co.in
net.in
org.in
firm.in
gen.in
ind.in
eu.com
gb.com
ae.org
kr.com
us.com
qc.com
de.com
gb.net
no.com
hu.com
jpn.com
uy.com
za.com
br.com
cn.com
sa.com
se.com
se.net
uk.com
uk.net
ru.com
For .my/.com.my/.net.my/.org.my/.name.my Malaysia domain name registration, click here
HELM (Windows)
CPanel / WHM (Linux)
Video of the Week
About
HostRelax™ an Internet Solutions Provider (ISP) in Malaysia/Asia, that specializes in improving and streamlining organizations' business needs. We providing a diverse range of ISP solutions such as World Wide Domain Name Registration And Services, Web Hosting Services, E-Mail Hosting Services, SSL Digital Certificates, Provide Reseller Hosting, Dedicated Server Hosting, Server Co-locations, E-Commerce/Business Solutions And Consulting Services. The company has been a pioneer in hosting services since 2002 and provides cost effective, secure and reliable web hosting solutions with advanced, industry-recognized control panel for server management and administration serving individuals and business corporations around the world.
Navigation
Domain Name
Web Hosting
Email Hosting
Dedicated Server
Server Colocation
SSL Certificate
Services
No categories
© 2020 Web Hosting, Domain Name Registration, Email Hosting And Reseller Hosting By HostRelax.