http://www.amas.ie/legal/
About
Projects
Directorships
Ambitions
Posts
Contact
Legal Statements
This website is published by AMAS Ltd, 11 Hyde Park Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, Ireland.  These legal statements inform you about the terms on which you may make use of our website, about our privacy policy and other matters. By using this website or communicating with us, you indicate that you accept and agree to be bound by these statements. If you do not agree with these legal statements, you must not use this website.
Cookies
Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer and relate to a website visit. Two types of cookies are used on this website. The first is a session cookie which helps with site navigation and is destroyed when you close your browser.
The second relates to Google Analytics and is used to get aggregated data about site visitors. Neither cookie type is used to collect personally identifiable information. By browsing this website, you implicitly agree to the use of these cookies.
Privacy policy
AMAS Ltd. respects your right to privacy and complies with our obligations under Irish data protection legislation. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. If you are not happy with this Privacy Policy, you should not use this website.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these websites.
Types of information collected
We retain two types of information:
Personal data
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you. Such date includes your name, company/organisation name and email address and is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.
Non-personal data
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This non-personal data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
Purposes for which we hold your information
Non-personal data:
We use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
Personal data
We will process any personal data you provide to us for the following purposes:
(a) to provide you with information you have required
(b) to contact you if required in connection with your order or to respond to any communications you might send to us;
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may provide non-personal data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of users, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include partners, clients or potential clients.
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure. We will disclose your personal data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Sale of business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your personal data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company. We would do so provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Website Privacy Policy and provided that the third party only uses your personal data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Security
The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
Updating, verifying and deleting personal data
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data, and in accordance with our obligations under data protection legislation we will update or delete your personal data accordingly. To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email us on the address given on the Contact page [link contact page] Any such data subject requests may be subject to the prescribed fee.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use personal data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Copyright
AMAS Ltd is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights connected to this website.  As content on the website is copyrighted and proprietary, any unauthorised use of any materials on the Website may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Variations
AMAS Ltd may revise these legal statements at any time by amending this page.
LinkedIn
@aileen_otoole
@AOT_digital
Accessibility
Legal
Company Registration
Cookies
@ AMAS Ltd 2020