http://www.enterprisedt.com/general/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy explains how Enterprise Distributed Technologies collect, use and handle personal information when you use our website and software products (“Products”).Collection of your personal informationThere are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information. However, for access to Product trials and customer support, you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, username, password and other contact information reasonably required to ensure we are communicating with the correct person. Credit card details you provide for payment purposes are transmitted using secure SSL link and such details are collected solely for payment processing. We do not normally collect “Sensitive Information” as deemed by the Privacy Act of Australia.Sharing of your personal informationWe may occasionally engage trusted third parties to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, and processing transactions. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Enterprise Distributed Technologies takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations operate in compliance with this Privacy PolicyUse of your personal informationThe personal information you provide is used to enable us to provide you with support services, to communicate with you and to manage your licence to use our Products, or when required by law. We may also use your personal information to send you marketing information or promotional materials which you may choose to unsubscribe if you do not wish to receive such information or materials. We will not sell or rent your personal information to any third parties nor share it with any third parties for their own marketing purposes.Changes to this Privacy PolicyEnterprise Distributed Technologies reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. We will publish the most current version on our website.Storage, security and retention of your personal informationAll personal information you provide is stored in electronic format only on servers in a controlled environment with limited access located in Australia. We take precautions and reasonable measures to protect the security and integrity of this information but we cannot guarantee its absolute security.We will retain your personal information while you have an active maintenance or support agreement. On expiry of maintenance or support, we will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Accessing Your Personal InformationYou have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Enterprise Distributed Technologies reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.Contacting usEnterprise Distributed Technologies welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us.Subscribe to updatesPricingDownload Free Trial