http://www.microcenter.com/site/customer-support/california-privacy-rights.aspx
Skip to Main Content Area
Breadcrumbs
California Residents
California Consumer Privacy
Act
If you are a California resident, the
information below applies to you. Certain terms used in this section have the
meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). In addition, you should
also review the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Categories of Personal
Information Micro Center has collected from or about its guests in the
preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone
number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased,
purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or
search history)
Geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g.
recording of guest service calls)
Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or
characteristics)
Categories of Sources
from which Micro Center has collected Personal Information about guests (for
more information, see the “How is personally identifiable information collected
section” of Micro Center’s privacy policy).
Stores
microcenter.com
Guest Relations
Data Providers
Social Media
Business or Commercial
purposes for which Micro Center has collected or sold (as defined in the CCPA) Personal
Information about guests in the preceding 12 months (for more information, see
the “How is the collected information used” section of Micro Center’s privacy
policy).
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing
accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and
transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing
advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing
similar services;
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and
concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions
to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and
auditing compliance;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the
contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious,
deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible
for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing
intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and
demonstration; and
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or
safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or
controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device
that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Categories of Third
Parties with whom Micro Center has shared your Personal Information in the
preceding 12 months
Our affiliates
Our joint marketing partners
Social media networks
Third-party marketing partners
Government entities, including law enforcement
Categories of Personal Information Micro Center has disclosed
for a business purpose in the preceding
12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone
number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased,
purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or
search history)
Categories of Personal Information that Micro Center has sold
(as defined in the CCPA) in
the preceding 12 months
·Internet and other electronic network activity information or
identifiers associated with a device used to interact with digital properties
or advertisements (such as a device identifier, cookies, beacons, pixel tags,
mobile ad identifiers and similar technology); provided, however, that as of
June 23, 2020, we no longer sell (as defined in the CCPA) such Personal
Information with respect to California residents.
We do not sell the Personal
Information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.
We do not sell Personal
Information as the term is traditionally understood, versus the definition
under the CCPA – for example, we
do not exchange for money any Personal Information with data brokers or providers.
Non-Discrimination
Micro Center will not
discriminate against you because you exercise your rights. For example, Micro
Center will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different price or
rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not sell
request.
To opt-out of any communications from Micro Center or Other Partner Companies, refer to the subscribe/unsubscribe sections below.
Financial Incentive Program
The Micro Center Insider is
a voluntary loyalty program that provides you access to hundreds of deals,
review and tracking of current orders and past transactions, faster checkout in
the store, and enhanced support within the Micro Center Community. By becoming
a Micro Center Insider, you receive:
Hundreds of Deals:You automatically
qualify for special coupons and sweepstakes, and get other special benefits
only for Insiders.
Order History:You may
review your Order History to review past transactions, track your current
orders, and customize your unique shopping experience.
Faster Checkout:You
will enjoy faster checkout in our stores, speed through In-Store Pickup, and we
will securely store your credit card and address for a quicker online checkout.
Micro Center Community Support:You will
become an active member of the Micro Center Community by creating product
reviews, receiving alerts, creating and sharing Wish Lists, and setting up a
profile which specifies your preferences.
If you no longer wish to be a Micro Center
Insider, you can opt out of your Micro Center Insider account by calling Customer Service.
For information on the Micro Center Insider
program Terms & Conditions, click here.
From time to time, Micro Center may offer
other financial incentive programs the terms and conditions of which will be
published at the time of the offering of such programs. The financial incentive
programs may be offered chain-wide or may be unique to a particular store
location.
You have the following rights under the CCPA –
The right to make requests as follows:
- Categories of Personal Information we
collected about you during the preceding 12 months
- Categories of sources from which Personal
Information is collected
- Business or commercial purpose for
collecting or selling Personal Information
- Specific pieces of Personal Information we
collected about you
- Categories of Personal Information Micro
Center has sold (as defined in the CCPA) about you
- Categories of third parties to whom the Personal
Information was sold
- Categories of Personal Information disclosed
about you for a business purpose
- Categories of third parties to whom Personal
Information was disclosed for a business purpose
Deletion Request
- Categories of third parties to whom Personal Information was disclosed for a business purpose
Do Not Sell My Info
- Request Micro Center opt you out of the sale
of your Personal Information
Submit Requests
Access Requests (Get My Information)
- Contact Micro Center Customer Service toll-free at 1-833-712-1438 or scroll down and complete the form below.
Deletion Requests (Delete My Information)
- Contact Micro Center Customer Service toll-free at 1-833-712-1438 or scroll down and complete the form below.
Do Not Sell My Info Requests
- Contact Micro Center Customer Service toll-free at 1-833-712-1438 or scroll down and complete the form below.
California’s Shine The Light Law
California’s
“Shine the Light” law gives California residents the right, once a year, to ask
companies what personal information they share with third parties
for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
California residents may make one Shine the Light request per year by emailing
us at custrel@microcenter.com. When you
request the information, use the phrase “California Shine the Light Request” in your email to help us
appropriately identify your question, and include your mailing address, state of residence and email
address so we can provide a response.
Please enter your information below:
* Required
Request Type*
Get My Information
Delete My Information
Do Not Sell My Information
First Name*
You must enter your first name
Last Name*
You must enter your last name
Email Address*
You must enter a valid email address
Phone*
You must enter 10 digits for phone number
Address Line 1*
You must enter a street address
Address Line 2
City*
You must enter a city
State*
Select a state
California
You must select a state
Zip*
You must enter a zip code
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can view our Privacy Policy and information reqarding our use of cookies here.
X Accept Privacy Policy and Terms
X Temporarily Hide Alert