http://www.phpnerds.com/privacy.html
Home
Articles
Scripts
Forums
Contact Us
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here at PHPNerds, we respect your privacy and do everything we can to keep it that way. Below is a detailed outline
of the type of information we collect, what we do with it. Feel free to ask questions by using the
contact form.
When you request a page, the server logs your browser name and version, IP address, operating system
name and version, and the page which you came from. This data cannot identify you as an individual and is only used
for statistical purposes. These logs are stored securely on our server with access on by myself and a member of staff of the host.
Email addresses that are collected from newsletter sign ups are not sold or shown to a 3rd party. The address
that are collected are only used for to send the newsletters out. You will not receive any messages that you have not
asked to receive. You can easily unsubscribe from these newsletters at anytime you wish. The unsubscribing instructions
are written at the bottom of every newsletter sent out.
When a survey or poll is placed on PHPNerds, all the information is collected, compiled, and analysed on a aggregated
basis. This aggregate data will may be publicly available and cannot be used to identify an individual.
Cookies are used on this site by us, to make sure that you don't see something more than once. Example: If you
see a pop up box then close it, you will not see this again, until you delete your cookies or we want you to see it
again. Cookies cannot identify a specific individual.
The data collected on sign up to the Forums are solely used for us to be able to ban users from signing up again,
or if we need to contact you about a breach of the rules. Your IP address is collected in the forums, however only the
administrator and moderators can see it. Your email address can remain private if you wish it to, however you must
specifiy this in the sign up process. Any additional information that you supply will be publicly available, such
as your location or date of birth.
If you have any questions on our privacy policy, please contact us via the contact form.
Ads
IP Tools
Fav Icons
xsl.fo
PHPNerds Newsletter
The contents of this webpage are copyright © 2004-2009 PHPNerds. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy. Access Keys.