https://www.negox.com/terms/
Hosting
Domains
Security
My Account
Support
Contact Us
Acceptable Use Policies
The following are guidelines for the establishment and enforcement of Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC's AUP:
Ensure reliable service to our customers
Ensure security and privacy of our systems and network, as well as the networks and systems of others
Comply with existing laws
Maintain our reputation as a responsible service provider
Encourage responsible use of the Internet and discourage activities which reduce the usability and value of Internet services
Preserve the privacy and security of individual users
Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC intends to provide its customers access to everything the Internet has to offer.
While Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC is firmly committed to the principles of speech, certain activities that may be damaging to the resources of both Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC and the Internet and cannot be permitted under the guise of speech.
We support the flow of information and ideas over the Internet and do not actively monitor subscriber activity under normal circumstances. However, in accordance with our TOS (Terms of Service), we may remove any materials that, in our sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject us to liability, or which may violate this AUP. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrongdoing. Your violation of this AUP may result in the suspension or immediate termination of either your Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC account WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE.
The resources of Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC and the Internet are limited, and abuse of these resources by one user has a negative impact on the entire community.
Moneyback Guarantee
To receive a refund, you must cancel your account within the first 30 days of having service with us.
At Negox! customer satisfaction is very important. We believe that we offer the most affordable, robust and reliable Microsoft ASP.NET, and Microsoft SQL Server web hosting in the industry.
We are so confident in our platform that our hosting services carry a 30 day money back guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with our services for any reason within the first 30 days of usage you will be given a full refund of all monthly hosting fees.
Please note that domain registration / renewal fees and add-ons / extras fees are not refundable.
Terms Of Service
These Terms Of Service And Acceptable Use Policies ("Terms and Policies") are an essential part of your relationship with Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC By using your Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC account, you agree to all of the Terms and Policies set out in this document.
1. General Terms and Policies.
Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC is a private company providing website hosting and e-mail services. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC's equipment and facilities may be used to conduct private and commercial transactions, send electronic mail, transfer files, and otherwise participate in all legal aspects of the Internet (these uses are referred to in this document as "the Service"), subject to these Terms and Policies. The Service is provided to authorized persons or organizations (referred to in this document as "Subscriber" or "you"). Any use of the service is subject to any restrictions listed below. By using the Service, you agree to be bound by all of these Terms and Policies. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Policies, you must cancel your account immediately and may not thereafter use or attempt to use the Service. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC grants you a non-exclusive right to access, use and display the Service on any computers or other electronic display devices of which you are a primary user. You may not assign, sub-license or transfer any rights or obligations of the Service without the express written consent of Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC
2. Coverage.
If you are an individual Subscriber, these Terms and Policies apply to all persons who gain access through your account. If you are a commercial Subscriber, these Terms and Policies apply to all your employees, agents and/or customers. In either instance, a violation of these Terms and Policies by anyone using your account will be treated as a violation by you.
3. Prices and Charges.
Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC charges for the Service are set at the time the service is ordered. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC will provide notice to the Subscriber, via e-mail, 60 days prior to any changes in pricing.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Domains past the redemption period is a $100 processing fee.
If you fail to pay for your account for 30 days after the date of the invoice, Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC may without further notice terminate your account. Termination does not remove your responsibility to pay all fees incurred up to the date that Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC terminates your account. If Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC incurs any fees or costs in collecting any past-due amounts, including costs of attorneys or a collection bureau, those fees and costs will be added to the amount you owe.
4. Term.
The Service is provided to you on a month-to-month basis. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC must receive written notice of termination (which may be by fax) from you at least one business day prior to end of a month, or the Service will be provided and charged to you for the following month. The notice of termination must be signed by the Subscriber; notice of termination by e-mail is not acceptable.
5. Grounds for Suspension and Termination.
As a Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC Subscriber, you agree to comply with these Terms and Policies. Any violation of either these Terms and Policies may serve as cause for Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC to suspend or terminate your account. You agree that Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC has the right, with or without notice, to suspend or terminate your account upon the first or subsequent occurrence of any of the following:
Using the Service in a way which constitutes violation of any copyright, trademark, applicable statute, law, court order, tariff, regulation, or treaty (including, but not limited to, intellectual property, communications, privacy, criminal and international law);
Using the Service in a manner intended to abuse or violate the privacy or property rights of others, including but not limited to sending of unsolicited bulk e-mail ("spamming"); this ground for suspension or termination is separate from and in addition to the fees which will result from such activity;
Using the service to store, transfer, or advertise the following: pornography, nudity, violations of privacy, computer viruses, hacking, "warez", and any harassing and/or harmful material or uses. Photos or videos showing frontal nudity on either men or women for non-scientific or non-artistic purposes. Photos or videos showing graphic violence or death. In addition, any site or site(s) with hyperlinks whose revenue is gained in part or whole from its adult content violate this policy. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC reserves the right to decide what it considers "adult content", "adult material", "sexually explicit", or "sexually related". Let us know if you are unsure of the approval of your site before placing an order. Accounts violating this policy will be suspended at once and deleted from our servers.
Using the Service in an attempt to break security, or so as to actually break security of any computer network (including the Service itself), or to access an account, message, or file which does not belong to you;
Using the Service in such a way as to forge or misrepresent headers, addresses, or other identification in website pages or electronic mail, or using any other method to disguise the sender's identity or location;
Excess utilization of system or network resources, including, but not limited to the use of CGI scripts or programs which consume an unreasonable amount of Central Processing Unit ("CPU") usage or Random Access Memory "RAM");
Posting commercial messages to a USENET group for the purposes of promoting your website, where the posting is not approved by the specific USENET group in its charter;
Using the Service to promote or solicit competing Internet services;
Using the Service for unauthorized relays through any third party systems;
Using the Service for mail-bombing, which includes any instance where multiple messages are sent to a specific destination with the intent to render the recipient and/or the electronic system serving that recipient dysfunctional;
Using the Service to add or attempt to add addresses to any mailing list (yours or a third party's) without the explicit positive consent of the addressee(s);
A significant number of complaints regarding Subscriber's failure to be reasonably accessible to Subscriber's customers or to fill orders in a timely manner;
Engaging in harassment, whether through language, frequency, or size of e-mail messages;
Using the Service to engage in sync flood attacks, which are defined as overburdening a recipient computer system by sending a high volume of spurious data which effective impedes or totally disables functionality of the recipient system(s), or any other methods of denial-of-service attacks; or,
Furnishing false data on your sign-up form, contract, or online application, including providing fraudulent credit card or other payment information. No bill credit will be given for a period of suspension. In the event of termination of your use of the Service under this section, Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC may at its sole discretion retain any or all amounts you have paid for use of the Service as liquidated damages for your actions.
6. Security.
You agree not to access or attempt to access private areas of the Service. You agree to notify Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC as soon as you become aware of an unauthorized use of your account and/or any breach or attempted breach of security on the Service.
7. Liability.
You agree that use of the Service is at your own risk. Except for information, products, or services clearly identified as being supplied by Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC, neither Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC nor any of its affiliates controls, provides, operates, or is in any way responsible for any information, products, or services accessible through the Service. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC neither endorses not is responsible for the accuracy of third-party material(s), and you agree that Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by your use of, or reliance on, such material(s).
You agree to be liable for any damages or loss of service which results in damages to Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC as a result of any spamming or other violations of Section 5 above. These damages include, but are not limited to, system shut downs, retaliatory attacks or data flooding, and loss of peering arrangements.
You agree that in no event will Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC have financial liability to you in excess of the dollar amount remaining on your current service period.
8. Warranty.
Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC makes no express or implied warranties, including warranties of title, non-infringement, and warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, regarding the service, or any software or other material available through the service, regardless of what you may have told Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC about your intended use of the service. No oral advice or information given by Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC or its employees shall create a warranty or otherwise alter the provisions of this section.
The service and any software provided to you by Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC are provided on an "as is, as available" basis; Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC does not warrant that they will be error and/or uninterrupted, or that defects will be corrected. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC does not guarantee the security or back-up of any of your data which may be stored on the service.
Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC provides a 99.9% uptime guarantee, subject to the following conditions. If the Service is unreachable for more than 0.1% of the year as a result of a failure of our network or equipment we will credit your account for a month of hosting. This guarantee is your sole and exclusive remedy for any and all downtime. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC is not responsible for outages elsewhere on the Internet that hinder access to your account; we control only our links to the Internet, our network hardware, and our servers. Any downtime that occurs during a scheduled maintenance window shall not be counted towards Uptime Guarantee.
9. Privacy.
Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC commits to follow the controlling Federal and state laws respecting Subscriber privacy and data access. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC will not provide names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, or other personally identifiable information on any Subscriber to any third party without prior permission from that Subscriber, or as required under an appropriate court or administrative directive, including a facially valid subpoena, or as necessary to render the Service. Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC may provide aggregate data on Subscribers to third parties in the operation of Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC's business.
10. Disputes.
You agree that any dispute between you and Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC arising out of your use of the Service on in any way based upon your subscription to and/or use of the Service which cannot be resolved between you and Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC will be submitted by the aggrieved party for binding arbitration under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association. Any demand for arbitration under this Section must be filed with the American Arbitration Association's office in Wilmington, Delaware. The arbitration must be held in Wilmington, Delaware, and the arbitrator must be a person with experience in online services operation.
11. Governing Law.
These Terms and Policies are governed in all respects under the laws of the State of Delaware.
12. Amendments.
These Terms and Policies may be amended in any respect at any time by Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC upon the posting of the amended Terms and Policies on the Support section of the Service. Your continued use of the Service will be deemed consent to any such amended Terms and Policies. If you do not wish to continue to use the Service as a result of any such amended Terms and Policies, you may provide notice of your wish to terminate your use of the Service to customer service.
NO Spamming! NO Porno! NO Exceptions!
Negox! TeamLast Modified March, 2018
©2002-2020 Negox! Internet Solutions, LLC