http://www.jellymedia.com/privacy
Services
Strategy
Digital
Design
Esports
Socials
Sponsorship
Influencer Management
Experiential Marketing
Projects
Blog
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are serious about protecting the privacy of visitors to our site and our customers, old and new.
Jellymedia are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any private information you provide. We adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK. If you have any questions about privacy on our website please contact us.
Jellymedia (we’ or us’) have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering, use and dissemination practices for this website. By using this site, you are deemed to accept the terms of our privacy policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this site.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at www.knowyourprivacyrights.org
Personal information we may collect
You are not required to provide any personal information in order to obtain general access to this site. However, in order to access certain services and features of this site, we may require you to provide personal information such as your name and e-mail address. For example, we will collect certain personal information when you contact us via the contact form.
How we use your information
If you have said we can, we’ll send you marketing messages by email about our products and services, we only send this with your permission.
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
You can do this:
• By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email
• By using the methods outlined below on how to contact us
Disclosure of personal information
Please note that we will not share your personal information with any third parties for direct marketing purposes. We reserve the right to disclose user information when required to do so by law or when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of such information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Links to other sites
This site may link to external sites that are not controlled by Jellymedia. These sites are beyond our control and are governed by the privacy policies of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
IP addresses and cookies
In the course of using our site, we automatically track certain information about you, including what browser you are using and your IP address. Like most websites, our site also uses cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies are used to simplify functions on our site and can be linked to personal information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please be aware, however, that some features of this site may not function or may be slower if you refuse cookies. By using this site, you are deemed to accept the use of cookies. If you do not consent to this, please do not use our site.
We use cookies in the following ways:
1.1 to track how you use our website
We allow Google to monitor the steps you take while navigating our site. We then access this data at a later date in the form of reports to see trends and patterns in how our website is used. This data is anonymous and not personally identifiable.
Job application and employment
If you send us information in connection with a job application, we may keep it for up to two years in case we decide to contact you at a later date.
If we employ you, we collect information about you and your work from time to time throughout the period of your employment. This information will be used only for purposes directly relevant to your employment. After your employment has ended, we will keep your file for six years before destroying or deleting it.
Your rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:
• The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
• The right to access the personal information we hold about you
• The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
• The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
• The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
• The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
How to contact us
Please do not hesitate to contact us, if you:
• Would like us to stop using your information
• Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above
You can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at dataprotection@jellymedia.com
Through the contact form on this website. Or if you’d like to, you can write to us at:
Jellymedia Ltd
1 Darwin Court
Hawking Place
Blackpool
Lancashire
FY2 0JN
Disclaimer
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss of, misuse of or unauthorised access to data. We take this responsibility very seriously and make every effort to ensure your personal information is secure. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% safe. With this in mind, whilst Jellymedia strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for its theft, disclosure or subsequent misuse.
Changes to these terms
We reserve the right to modify the terms of this policy in whole or in part at any time and will not specifically notify you of any changes. With this in mind, we recommend that you periodically check the policy for any changes.
Updated May 2018
We help you communicate.
Jellymedia
1 Darwin Court
Hawking Place
Blackpool
FY2 0JN
+44 1253 885581
hello@jellymedia.com
Links
Services
Projects
Blog
Careers
Contact
Services
Design
Digital Products
Strategy
Influencer Management
Events
Social Management
© 2020 Jellymedia Limited - All Rights Reserved.
Privacy | Terms | Site Map
Services
Projects
Blog
Careers
Contact
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.OK