https://www.smartertechnologies.co.uk/your-it-support-partner/it-advice-helps-charities-expand/
IT Advice Helps Charities Expand | Smarter Technologies Ltd
info@smartertechnologies.co.uk 01706 367036 | 0345 319 4887
Request a Quote Newsletter Sign-Up
Toggle navigation
Home
Charity
Business
Education
About Us
Team
What our clients say…
Vision
Blogs
News
Apprentice’s Blog
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft 365
Download Guides
Tech Tip Videos
Contact Us
IT Advice Helps Charities Expand
Home Your IT Support Partner IT Advice Helps Charities Expand
Keeping up-to-date with the latest innovations and software is vital in helping organisations adapt to their developing requirements. Graham Evans, director of The Housing Link (2003), a charity which aims to prevent homelessness, explains how getting the right IT advice has assisted in its successful growth.
The Housing Link started working with Smarter Technologies in 2003 when their previous IT support provider couldn’t fulfil its needs. “The charity was split over several sites yet we needed to be able to access files immediately to provide all our staff with the most recent information simultaneously,” Graham explains. “In addition our system had slowed considerably due to several viruses. John re-installed the server and the 18 computers and this immediately improved the system’s performance and notably our remote access.”
As the charity helps people with urgent housing issues, it cannot afford to be without its IT system and access to important files. “The nature of our work with the community means we often require Smarter Technologies to work outside normal hours to avoid disruption. Recently Smarter Technologies was on site within an hour, took the server away to fix it and then re-instated it later the same day when everyone had left so that our staff and the people we help were not inconvenienced,” Graham continues.
More recently, as the charity continued to grow steadily, Smarter Technologies was called on to advise about using IT to improve the communication between the team. “When we expanded, Smarter Technologies recommended that we use Skype to keep our costs down because calls over wireless internet and Instant Messenger are free. Colleagues can now contact me on Skype when I work from home.
“John Miller, director of Smarter Technologies, also recommended Microsoft SharePoint, which has simplified file transfers across the split sites and we now have in place an email referrals process meaning we can respond more quickly than some other charities which still do so by post.”
And Smarter Technologies does more than provide the software, delivering training and written notes to help organisations fully utilise the benefits of the new systems and the programmes it recommends.
“We have a tight budget and Smarter Technologies has enabled us to ‘work smarter’ and provide fast and well-organised assistance to those who need it. It has played an integral role in the growth and success of this charity,” concludes Graham.
Share this:Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
The Benefits of IT Support Services
Outsourcing your IT support services provides your organisation with easy and timely access to specialist knowledge and skills. The lack of in-house IT experts in an organisation need not stand in the way of taking advantage of the latest technology.
Your staff will have easier access to new technology with an increased focus on delivering your organisation’s key services. This means that your customers’ satisfaction levels will be higher as your staff will be able to concentrate on your customers’ needs and not their own IT problems.
An outsourced IT support service means that the return on your investment is clearer thanks to more effective cost control and service-level guarantees. And budgeting becomes easier because you are guaranteed fixed IT support costs.
The use of IT support services can result in higher levels of efficiency thanks to a more focused use of your organisation’s limited resources and your organisation’s processes will improve through the establishment of best IT practices.
Out-sourcing your IT support services allows your organisation to make optimal use of your existing resources by reducing the pressure on your staff. This will allow your staff to focus on your organisation’s core competencies rather than on IT support tasks.
Smarter Technologies Ltd, Unit 1 Broadfield Industrial Estate, Seymour Street, Heywood, OL10 3AJ | Company No.: 07172781 | VAT No.: 794 7491 68
Request a Quote
What our clients say:
Bill LeesThe Housing Link (2003) Smarter Technologies make so many complicated things sound clear and understandable in a way that I completely understand.
Andrew JennerRCD Leaflets Please pass my thanks on to the team as the whole process from quote to install was unbelievably thorough, efficient and smooth.
Richard BoydRed Flame Marketing I found the IT support for my small business to be excellent. Everything is clearly explained in non-technical language; prompt service and very affordable. Will be recommending Smarter Technologies to other businesses. (In fact, I already have!).
Tracey PeaceRamsbottom Kitchen Company The Smarter Technologies team are like extended members of our staff and always go the extra mile. The team come in early and stay until they finish – they even lock up for us.
Nikki PriceInstil Bio (UK) Limited Thank you very much for your help on a Saturday! I can’t tell you how very grateful we are to you for helping us out with this last minute request and doing it so promptly.
Jane HaywardYMCA Black Country Group The service I have received has been excellent, from the initial meeting where the process was explained to managers, right down to coming out to go through SharePoint with me.
Dave BagleyUrban Outreach (Bolton) Thanks again for the swift response from Smarter Technologies to our IT needs recently. All is working perfectly.
Graham EvansThe Housing Link (2003) We have a tight budget and Smarter Technologies has enabled us to ‘work smarter’ and provide fast assistance to those who need it. It has played an integral role in the success of this charity.
Jim GowmanYMCA Black Country Group I want to pass on the thanks received today from across all parts of the YMCABC teams about how robust the IT systems have been. We have had to get to grips with remote working and with this pandemic it has come into its own.
Jim GowmanYMCA Black Country Group Just to say to the Smarter Technologies team, thanks for a very smooth transition into the 21st Century of IT with our upgraded equipment. All aspects of the installation have received positive feedback from day one.
Andrew BeeputThe Bond Board Smarter Technologies really understand the pressure charities are under and consider this when making recommendations. They saved us so much money – I can’t put a price on their help. It was invaluable.
Lynne SprigingsBolton Young Persons Housing Scheme As a small charity it’s really important for us to have reliable and responsive IT support, which Smarter Technologies supplies.
David Lackner-SmithThe Sanctuary Trust It’s great being able to rely on such prompt service from Smarter Technologies, it really gives us peace of mind knowing that our IT support is provided by a team that will go the extra mile.
prevnext
© 2011-2020			Smarter Technologies Ltd  | 			Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue we'll assume you agree with this. Hide this message RejectPrivacy StatementPrivacy Statement
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.