http://www.centricweb.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Free Website Quote
20 Years in the business, 5-Star Rated Company.
Request Your Quote
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND ANY PAGES THEREOF, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, DO NOT ACCESS THIS SITE, OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.
© Centric Web®, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Copyright in the pages and in the screens displaying the pages, and in the information and material therein and in their arrangement, is owned by Centric Web®, Inc. unless otherwise indicated.
TRADEMARKS Centric Web®, Inc., CentExpress™, and Sonic Hosting™ are trademarks and service marks of Centric Web®, Inc. and are used and registered throughout the world. The brown/blue design and the spider symbol are trade dress of Centric Web®, Inc. and are used throughout the world. Centric Web, Inc.® and its subsidiaries also claim rights in certain other trademarks and service marks contained in these web pages. Any usage of CentLogic™, CentExpress™ or any other software provided Centric Web, Inc.® is the propriety of Centric Web, Inc.® and cannot be transferred, sold, or leased to any third party without the permission of Centric Web, Inc.®. All customers of Centric Web, Inc.®, which are using our Trademark services shall agree with these terms and are perpetually valid after any agreement has been canceled.
USE OF INFORMATION AND MATERIALS The information and materials contained in these pages, and the terms, conditions, and descriptions that appear, are subject to change. Unauthorized use of Centric Web®, Inc.'s web sites and systems including but not limited to unauthorized entry into Centric Web®, Inc.'s systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted on a site is strictly prohibited. Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination by Centric Web®, Inc. and/or its affiliates.
LINKS This site may contain links to web sites controlled or offered by third parties (non-affiliates of Centric Web, Inc.®). Centric Web, Inc.® Hereby disclaims liability for, any information, materials, products or services posted or offered at any of the third-party sites linked to this web site. By creating a link to a third-party web site, Centric Web, Inc.® Does not endorse or recommend any products or services offered or information contained at that web site, nor is Centric Web, Inc.® Liable for any failure of products or services offered or advertised at those sites. Such a third party may have a privacy policy different from that of Centric Web, Inc.® And the third party website may provide less security than the Centric Web, Inc.® Site.
NO WARRANTY The information and materials contained in this site, including text, graphics, links or other items are provided "as is", "as available". Centric Web, Inc.® does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of this information and materials and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus and hacking, is given in conjunction with the information and materials. Any use of CentLogic™, CentExpress™ software or any other software provided by Centric Web, Inc.® is the propriety of Centric Web, Inc.® and cannot be transferred, sold or leased to any third party without the permission Centric Web, Inc.®
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY In no event will Centric Web, Inc.® be liable for any damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with this site or any linked site or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, even if Centric Web, Inc.®, or representatives thereof, are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
SUBMISSIONS All information submitted to Centric Web, Inc.® via this site shall be deemed and remain the property of Centric Web, Inc.® and Centric Web, Inc.® shall be free to use, for any purpose, any idea, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this site provides Centric Web, Inc.® through this site. Centric Web, Inc.® shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as agreed by the Centric Web, Inc.® entity having the direct customer relationship or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as limiting or reducing Centric Web, Inc.®'s responsibilities and obligations to customers in accordance with the Centric Web, Inc.® Privacy Promise for Consumers. See also our Privacy Statement on the site.
AVAILABILITY This site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
ADDITIONAL TERMS Certain sections or pages on this site may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these terms and conditions. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages.
GOVERNING LAW All applicable Federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of Delaware shall be governed by the use of this site.