https://www.embeddedartists.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Application Processors
iMX8M COMHeterogeneous Multicore Processor (HMP)4K video decoding4x Cortex-A53 @ 1.5 GHz & Cortex-M4 @ 266 MHz
iMX8M Mini uCOMNEWHeterogeneous Multicore Processor (HMP)Hardware accelerator for 1080p video decoding/encoding4x Cortex-A53 @ 1.8 GHz & Cortex-M4 @ 400 MHz
iMX8M Nano uCOMNEWHeterogeneous Multicore Processor (HMP)Hardware accelerator for 3D graphics4x Cortex-A53 @ 1.5 GHz & Cortex-M7 @ 750 MHz
iMX7ULP uCOMNEWUltra low power - for battery operationHeterogeneous Multicore Processor (HMP)Cortex-A7 @ up to 720 MHz & Cortex-M4 @ 200 MHz
iMX6 Quad COM3D and 2D graphic enginesHardware accelerator for video encoding/decoding4x Cortex-A9 @ 1 GHz
iMX6 DualLite COM3D and 2D graphic enginesHardware accelerator for video encoding/decoding2x Cortex-A9 @ 1 GHz
iMX6 UltraLite COMBased on NXP's proven i.MX 6 familyCortex-A7 @ 528 MHz
iMX6 SoloX COMHetrogeneous Multicore Processing (HMP) for real-time processing3D & 2D graphic enginesCortex-A9 @ 1 GHz and Cortex-M4 @ 227 MHz
iMX7 Dual COMHeterogeneous Multicore Processor (HMP)Optimized for power efficiency - suitable for connected and portable applications2x Cortex-A7 @ 1 GHz and Cortex-M4 @ 200 MHz
iMX7 Dual uCOMHeterogeneous Multicore Processor (HMP)Small footprint 27x37 mm2x Cortex-A7 @ 1 GHz and Cortex-M4 @ 200 MHz
Product Selector Which Board is most suitable for your application?
Use our product selector to get the answer in a flash.
M.2
|
Products
Developers Kits
COM Boards
OEM Boards
M.2 Modules
Display Modules
LPCXpresso Boards
Accessories
Legacy products
More
About us
Cases
How to Buy
Distributors
Careers
News
Partners
Product compliance
Long term availability
Sustainability
Video Library
Product selector
Contact
Privacy Statement
At Embedded Artists we understand the importance of protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains what data we collect, why we collect it and how it is used.
Data controller
Embedded Artists AB is responsible for collecting and processing the data described in this privacy policy. According to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679 we are the Data Controller.
Embedded Artists AB
Rundelsgatan 14
211 36 Malmö
Sweden
If you object to or have questions about the data we have collected please contact us at www.embeddedartists.com/contact-us
When and why is personal data collected?
Placing an order
When you place an order with Embedded Artists we need personal data such as name, address, e-mail address and phone number to process and deliver your order.
Contacting Embedded Artists
If you contact Embedded Artists through our web forms, e-mail addresses or phone number we may collect personal data such as name, e-mail address and phone number. This data is collected in order to help you with your request.
Signing up to newsletter
If you sign up to our newsletter we collect your name and e-mail address. We need this information to be able to send you the newsletter.
Registering an account
If you register an account on Embedded Artists website your name, address, e-mail address and phone number is collected. The account data is only used to give you access to support resources that are not publicly available on our website.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a web site transfers to a site visitor’s hard disk or browser for added functionality, or for tracking web site usage. We do not use cookies to gather personal information such as a person’s name or e-mail address.
Third party cookies
Third party cookies may be used on our web site to gather web usage statistics.
Disable cookie usage
In your web browser you can turn off the use of cookies. For most web browsers you can do this on several levels:
Turn off cookies completely. This means that you won’t accept cookies from any web site
Turn off cookies from a specific web site, such as embeddedartists.com. You will in this case still receive cookies from other web sites.
Turn off third party cookies. You will accept cookie requests originating from the website you are visiting (for example embeddedartists.com), but not any third parties such as Google Analytics.
Please note that if cookies are completely disabled you may not be able to place an order in our web shop.
Google Analytics
Our web site is using Google Analytics from Google Inc. to analyze web site usage and for remarketing purposes.
IP Anonymization
Google Analytics has been configured to anonymize the IP address being collected. Read more here.
Opt-out browser add-on
An opt-out web browser add-on is provided for Google Chrome. By using this add-on your site activity will not be processed by Google Analytics. Read more here.
External Links
Embedded Artists web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Embedded Artists is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Embedded Artists web site.
Changes to this privacy policy
Embedded Artists reserves the right to update this privacy policy at any time. We recommend that visitors to this site re-visit the privacy policy occasionally to review any changes.