https://www.proxyleech.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.proxyleech.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Best Parental Control Apps 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtnvWZOcVeg
Recent Posts
10 Benefits of Tracking Your Employees
7 Best Mobile Trackers 2019
Benefits of Phone Tracker for Kid Control
5 Useful Tips for Mobile Tracking
How To Trace Mobile Number Current Location Using The Free Mobile Tracker
Recent CommentsDerek on 7 Best Mobile Trackers 2019Twitter Feed
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Hiring Babysitters or Pet Sitters Online-&nbsp;
Tha
https://t.co/nzAU2LQxE8
View on Twitter
11
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Making Friends Online: How to Know Who to Trust-
https://t.co/VEn2RXSbfG
View on Twitter
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Why It Is Important to Protect In
https://t.co/LeVfzHKAx1
View on Twitter
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
When Scam Calls Become a
https://t.co/8c6m4L8UJT
View on Twitter
Easy Spy
@EasySpyApp
5 years ago
Reverse Number Lookup: 5 Thing
https://t.co/j2eSDNxCdB
View on Twitter
Facebook Feed
1TopSpy - Cell Phone Tracking And Monitoring SoftwareTagsadvantages
application
benefits
business
child
employees
features
GPS
kid control
kids
mobile tracker
mobile tracking
monitoring
parental control
parents
phone tracker
security
sms tracker
social media
software
spy app
spyware
text messages
tips
tracking app
Home
Spy Tracking
Spy Tracking Apps Reviews
Spy Tracking For Business
Protection
Write to us
Privacy Policy
Search for:
Begin typing your search term above and press enter to search. Press ESC to cancel.
Back To Top