http://www.debtorsoftware.com.au/legal-agreements
Welcome to the Wincollect Pty Ltd (WINC) web site. This page, or any new version posted since your last visit, explains the terms and conditions for using our web site. By using our site, you consent to the terms and conditions of use which must be observed and followed. If these terms and conditions are not acceptable, please do not use our site.
INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. WINC may also make improvements, changes and/or deletions in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice. Information that WINC publishes on the World Wide Web may contain references or cross references to WINC products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that WINC intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country. Consult the WINC contact for information regarding the products, programs and services which may be available to you.
The links in this web site will let you leave WINC’s web site. WINC makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site which you may access through this one. When you access a non-WINC web site, it is independent from WINC and WINC has no control over the content on that web site, or any changes or updates to such sites. In addition, a link to a non-WINC web site does not mean that WINC endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such web site. WINC provides these links to you only as a convenience. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you elect to use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. IN NO EVENT WILL WINC BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
If you register an account to use the non-public areas of the WINC web site, you represent that to the best of your knowledge the registration information is accurate, complete and truthful. By registering an account, you will be allocated an access code and password and you are entirely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and for all and any activities occurring under your account. Only suitably authorized persons from within your organization will be given access to the site. If such persons leave, your organization agrees to change the access password as soon as possible. You will ensure that information gained from the site will be kept confidential within your organization. WINC is indemnified of all liability in terms of unauthorized access by any party of confidential information available on the site. WINC is indemnified of all liability that may arise from the rightful or wrongful use of information available from the site. WINC does not warrant or guarantee site availability or performance. WINC reserves the right to restrict access to the site by any party at any time. Access to the site is dependant on maintaining a current WINC Support Agreement.
Our site contains Content that is an assortment of data, information, logos, links and other material that is the copyright, trademark or intellectual property of WINC and/or its affiliates or third party suppliers. The content in the WINC web site is copyrighted individually and as a collective work. All rights are reserved. You will ensure that all copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices appearing on any Content remain intact and legible. All licenses are non-exclusive. Linking to our site – If you operate a web site, you may not display our Content within a frame or border. You will not link to the WINC web site or Content in such a manner that suggests an endorsement or affiliation between our sites. You will promptly, upon request, remove any link to the WINC web site that we find objectionable.
As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any WINC server, or the network(s) connected to any WINC server, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of any Services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any WINC server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services.
Privacy Statement
Wincollect Pty Ltd (WINC) is committed to compliance with the Australian Federal Government Privacy Act and recognizes the importance of privacy protection.
When you visit the pages of this site you can do so without giving us any information about yourself. However, some pages ask you to provide us with your information so that we can provide a service to you that you have requested. Our policy for dealing with any personal information that you might disclose to us while visiting this web site is explained below.
The type of personal information that we collect from you will depend on how you use our web site. You can be certain that any information sent to WINC will be subject to our Privacy Policy. We do not collect or use any personal information on visitors to our web site, through the use of “cookies” or other software or hardware techniques. We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Generally, if you register an interest in knowing more about our products and services, you are required to provide your name, an e-mail address and the name of the company that you represent. Additionally, you may volunteer further information regarding the company that you represent and the software application in use at your company. This information is kept on a database and may be used to contact you. This information will be removed from our database at any stage at your request.
If you register your company to use the web based WINC Online Helpdesk system, the names of the individuals authorised to access your information are kept on our database. You are given an access code and password and can view and update your personal details used by our company. WINC is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We store the personal information you provide in a database on computer servers that have limited access and are located in controlled facilities.
If you have questions regarding this statement, please feel free to contact WINC by e-mail. WINC will occasionally update this privacy statement.