http://www.eizo.com/termsofuse/
Home
>
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Tweet
This website,http://www.eizo.com, is operated by EIZO Inc.
Please read these terms and conditions of use before accessing, and utilize the site only if you agree to these requirements.
*EIZO Inc. may change the Terms of Use at any time by updating the contents of this page. You are advised to periodically visit this page and review the current revisions to our Terms of Use.
COPYRIGHT
The copyright of all materials on this website are owned by EIZO Corporation, subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies of EIZO Corporation, and its licensor who grants the right to use to EIZO Inc., and protected by U.S. and Japanese copyright laws, and other applicable laws and treaty provisions of countries throughout the world. Except for personal or non-commercial internal use, copying, modifying, reproducing in whole or part, uploading, transmitting, distributing, licensing, selling and publishing any of the materials is prohibited without obtaining prior permission from EIZO Inc.
PROHIBITED CONDUCT
Please refrain from using this web site for any of the following acts
Infringing the legal rights (including the rights of privacy and publicity) of EIZO Inc., EIZO Corporation and/or others.
Causing any damages or disadvantage to EIZO Inc., EIZO Corporation and/or others.
Disturbing public order.
Criminal acts.
Uploading false information including, but not limited to, other's e-mail address and ID / password.
Using this website for any commercial purpose.
Defaming, disgracing or libeling EIZO Inc., EIZO Corporation and/or others.
Uploading files that contain viruses or corrupted files that may cause damages to this website's operation.
Any other activities that are unlawful or prohibited by any applicable laws.
Any other activities that EIZO Inc. deems inappropriate.
LINKING TO THE EIZO WEBSITE
The link to this website is free only if you read and agree to these precautions.
In creating a link, please avoid using our company logo as a link button on your home page without permission from EIZO Inc. EIZO Inc. may change the information on the website without prior notice. Please link to the home page www.eizo.com.
[Precautions]
Link permission refusal shall occur to websites that exhibit the below properties:
Any web site that defames EIZO Inc. or EIZO Corporation.
Any web site with sexually explicit content.
Any web site infringing the legal rights (including the rights of privacy and publicity) of EIZO Inc., EIZO Corporation and/or others.
Any website giving a false impression that the EIZO web site is a part of their website.
Any website unlawful or prohibited by any applicable laws.
LINKED SITES
The third parties' websites linked to or from this website ('Linked Site') are independently operated and maintained by such third parties and are not under the control and/or supervision of EIZO Inc. Use of the Linked Site shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated on each Linked Site. EIZO Inc. would not be responsible for any loss or damage, however caused, in connection with the use of any Linked Site and your access to any of the Linked Sites shall be at your own risk.
EIZO Inc. checks only the Linked Site with prior announcement.
Links to third party websites from this web site does not mean that EIZO Inc. warrants the products, services, or contents of the Linked Site(s). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or the like between the operators of the Linked Sites and EIZO Inc.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
Some products and services on this website are not offered in some countries.
Specifications and appearance of products are subject to change without notice.
'Discontinued Models' means that the products are end of availability and information about 'Discontinued Models' is not updated after their end of availability.
MATERIAL TRANSMISSION
All the material, information and ideas transmitted to this website are not handled as confidential information or intellectual property. They may be used for product developing, manufacturing, marketing and so on by EIZO Inc. and EIZO Corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies of EIZO Corporation.
It is prohibited to send to/from this website material or information that is illegal, threatening, defaming, obscene, or other materials with possibility of civil liability or criminal liability under law.
DISCLAIMER
EIZO Inc. does not guarantee that the content on this web site will be error free. EIZO Inc. also does not guarantee that this web site will operate without interruption or error, that defects will be corrected, or that this website is free of computer viruses or other harmful material.
EIZO Inc. shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of your use or access, or inability to use or access, this web site.
EIZO Inc may change and/or alter the contents of this website, or may suspend or discontinue the services provided through this website at any time without any prior notice. EIZO Inc. shall not be liable for any damages arising out of any alteration or change of the contents or inability to use this website.
APPLICABLE LAW
This Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the U.S. unless otherwise explicitly provided. All controversies and disputes arising out of or relating to this Terms of Use shall be submitted to the court with jurisdiction over the region the headquarters of EIZO Inc. is located, as the court of first instance.
TRADEMARKS
The following are registered trademarks of EIZO Corporation in Japan and other countries.
EIZO / EIZO logo / NANAO / FlexScan / FlexView / ColorEdge / FORIS / FORIS.HD / RadiForce / DuraVision / Raptor / RadiNET / RadiCS / C@T-one / MediView / SlimEdge / MultiEdge / ScreenManager
Microsoft, Windows, Windows NT, Windows Vista and Xbox 360 are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Apple, Macintosh,Power Macintosh and Mac OS are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.
Adobe, Acrobat, Flash, Illustrator, Lightroom, Photoshop, Photoshop Album and Photoshop Elements are trademarks or registered trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporation in United States and other.
Digital Photo Professional is a registered trademark of Canon Inc.
PlayStation and PDP are registered trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
Wii is a registered trade mark of Nintendo Co., Ltd.
HDMI, HDMI logo and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of the HDMI Licensing, LLC.
Dollby and Dolby Digital are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories, Inc.
DTS and DTS2.0+Digital Out are trademarks of Digital Systems, Inc.
DVD logo is a trademark of DVD Format/Logo Licensing Corporation.
X-RITE is a registered trademark of X-Rite, Incorporated. In the United States and other countries, and Eye-One, i1 logo and i1 are trademarks of X-Rite, Incorporated.
SRS, SRS mark, TruBass and FOCUS are registered trademarks of SRS Labs, Inc. in United States and other. WOW is a trademark of SRS Labs, Inc.
IBM and VGA are registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation.
DPMS and DDC/CI are trademarks and VESA is a registered trademark of Video Electronics Standards Association.
PRINT Image Matching is a trademark of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION.
ENERGY STAR is a U.S. registered mark.
All brand names and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Experience EIZO Ordering and questions
1 (800) 800-5202 or contact us.
Contact Us ›
Solutions
Business Enterprise
Graphics
Medical
Industry
Air Traffic Control
Defense / Aerospace
Products
FlexScan
ColorEdge
CuratOR
RadiForce
DuraVision
Raptor | Re/Vue
Accessories
Exhibitions
Support
Support Overview
Brochures
Product Database
FAQs
Manuals
Glossary
Compatibility
Warranty & Recycling
Software and Drivers
Product Registration
Library
Where to buy
Resellers
Distributors
Channel Partners
Buy Direct
Follow Us
Submit