https://www.xgentech.com/about-us/policies/terms-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Home
Services
Web Site Design & Application Development
Sample Website Designs
Web Hosting
Domain Name Registration
SMS Broadcasting
Email Broadcasting
About Us
About Us
Billing & Payment
Business Partners
Recruitments
Policies
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Proper Use Policy
Hosting Agreement
Server Uptime and Network Uptime Policy & Guarantee
Refund Policy
Support
EMAIL
Email Basics
Setting Up Email Clients
Setting Up POP3 Email Account
Setting Up POP3 E-mail Forwarding, E-mail Aliases and Autoresponders
FTP
IP Address
Support Ticket
Contact Us
Cart
Checkout
0 itemsRM0.00You are here: Home / About Us / Policies / Terms & Conditions
Service Agreement for Web and Email Hosting
The following agreement is between XGEN Technologies Sdn Bhd (“XGENTECH.COM”) and You (“client”).
WHEREAS, XGENTECH.COM is an information provider connected to the
Internet. XGENTECH.COM offers web hosting and email server hosting
services over the Internet through access to its Web Server;
WHEREAS, Client seeks to utilize XGENTECH.COM’s server for its own
purposes;
Whereas, the parties acknowledge that the Internet is neither owned
nor controlled by any one entity; therefore, XGENTECH.COM can make no
guarantee that any given reader shall be able to access XGENTECH.COM’s
server at any given time. XGENTECH.COM represents that it shall make
every good faith effort to ensure that its server is available as widely
as possible and with as little service interruption as possible;
Now Therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, the parties agree as follows:
A) Financial Arrangements
01.
Client
agrees to a minimum one (1) year contract, beginning upon
XGENTECH.COM’s receipt of payment for the first year of service.
02.
First year payment plus setup charges, if any,
shall be due in advance of service. Whilst our pricing may be
broken down to a monthly figure, all accounts are payable yearly
in advance. The account cannot be transferred or used by anyone
other than the subscriber.
03.
This agreement will automatically renew for successive one
(1) year period unless canceled in writing 14 days prior to the
quarterly renewal date. Written notice may be by postal, the
XGENTECH.COM form or fax transmission. Renewal prices are subject to
change. Renewal of services by Client indicates agreement to any
Contract revisions.
04.
Renewal fees for the following term will be automatically
charged to the credit card on file for your account unless other
arrangements have been made. Payments may also be made by cheque.
Returned cheques are subject to a RM50.00 returned cheque fee.
05.
Accounts that have unpaid invoices more than 7 days past
the renewal date will be suspended without notice until the account is
brought current. XGENTECH.COM reserves the right to terminate the
account and delete the files. XGENTECH.COM reserves the right to apply a
RM50.00 reconnection fee to all suspended accounts. Suspension does NOT
release client of the responsibility for payment of the account and
monies due.
06.
In any case where Client has exceeded the allocated free
quota of web space, XGENTECH.COM reserve the right to bill the extra web
space used accordance with the standard price list.
07.
Furnishing false data on any contract or application,
including fraudulent use of credit card numbers, is grounds for
immediate termination, and may subject the offender to civil or criminal
liability.
B) Taxes
XGENTECH.COM shall not be liable for any taxes or other fees to be paid
in accordance with or related to purchases made from Client or
XGENTECH.COM’s server. Client agrees to take full responsibility for all
taxes and fees of any nature associated with such products sold.
C) Material and Products
XGENTECH.COM will exercise no control whatsoever over the content of the
information passing through the network except for what is noted in
Section X of this agreement. XGENTECH.COM will not host any material
that is, in XGENTECH.COM sole discretion,
judged as unlawful,
threatening, pornographic, political, abusive, libelous, or encourages
conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability, or otherwise violate any local, state, national or
international law. Please contact XGENTECH.COM if uncertain of the
nature of your content. XGENTECH.COM makes no warranties or
representations of any kind, whether expressed or implied for the
service it is providing.  XGENTECH.COM also disclaims any warranty of
merchantability or fitness for particular purpose and will not be
responsible for any damages that may be suffered by the Client,
including loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries or service
interruptions by any cause or errors or omissions of the Client. Use of
any information obtained by way of XGENTECH.COM is at the Client’s own
risk, and XGENTECH.COM specifically denies any responsibility for the
accuracy or quality of information obtained through its services. Connection speed represents the speed of a
connection to and do not represent guarantees of available end to end
bandwidth. XGENTECH.COM expressly limits its damages to the Client for
any non-accessibility time or other down time to the pro- rata monthly
charge during the system unavailability. XGENTECH.COM specifically
denies any responsibilities for any damages arising as a consequence of
such unavailability. Client may not run background processes on
XGENTECH.COM’s servers. Violations of this policy will result in a
user’s background processes being killed, and may result in account
suspension.
D) Trademarks & Copyrights
Client warrants that it has the right to use any applicable trademarks
or copyrighted material used in connection with this service.
E) Age
The Customer certifies that he or she is at least 18 years of age.
F) Internet Etiquette
01.Electronic forums such as mail distribution lists all have
expectations regarding subject area and appropriate etiquette for
posting. Users of these forums should be considerate of the expectations
and sensitivities of others on the network when posting material for
electronic distribution. The network resources of XGENTECH.COM may not
be used to impersonate another person or misrepresent authorization to
act on behalf of others or XGENTECH.COM. All messages transmitted via
XGENTECH.COM should correctly identify the sender; users may not alter
the attribution of origin in electronic mail messages or posting. Users
must not attempt to undermine the security or integrity of computing
systems or networks and must not attempt to gain unauthorized access.
02.XGENTECH.COM does not permit the transmission of
unsolicited e-mail. Complaints or allegations regarding the abuse of
e-mail will be investigated. If it is found that the client has engaged
in the intentional transmission of unsolicited e-mail, a warning to
cease and desist will be issued. Subsequent violations will result in
suspension and/or termination of the account.
03.ALL software and files uploaded must follow the standard
Internet guidelines for fitness of use. Such software items that result
in denial of service are not fit for use. XGENTECH.COM reserves the
right to delete those files.
04. Clients may not use the account as storage facility or as a
download site for MP3, softwares, offer free emails, free websites,
free banner exchange services or any large scale free services. Customer
may also not run any kind of chat script or create any kind of chating
site using the hosting service.
G) Privacy
XGENTECH.COM will make every effort to protect the privacy of
XGENTECH.COM’s clients. XGENTECH.COM will not reveal personal
information regarding its clients. XGENTECH.COM cannot however protect
privacy through the Internic registration database as this information
is open to the public.
Primary SidebarSite Search
Search this website
Products
Premium Hosting
RM1,150.00
Application Hosting
RM2,800.00
Domain Name Registration
RM55.00
Basic Hosting
RM580.00
Email Hosting
RM260.00
Domain Availability Check
Check
Please enter your domain.
Please verify that you are not a robot.
Recent Posts
Choosing A Good Domain Name
Picture SMS Broadcast
Choosing a web hosting provider
FooterGET IN TOUCH
5A, Jalan Travers Off Jalan Tun Sambanthan, Brickfields, 50470 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
+603 2274 1764
support@xgentech.com
www.xgentech.com
SERVICES OFFER
Web & Cloud Hosting
Web Design
Domain Name Registration
Email Broadcasting
SMS Broadcasting
IT Adminstration
Tips & News
Choosing A Good Domain Name
Picture SMS Broadcast
Choosing a web hosting provider
JOIN OUR COMMUNITY
Sign up to receive email for the latest information.
Email*
XGEN Technologies Sdn Bhd
HomeServices
Web Site Design & Application Development
Sample Website Designs Back
Web HostingDomain Name RegistrationSMS BroadcastingEmail Broadcasting Back
About Us
About UsBilling & PaymentBusiness PartnersRecruitmentsPolicies
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyProper Use PolicyHosting AgreementServer Uptime and Network Uptime Policy & GuaranteeRefund Policy Back
Back
Support
EMAIL
Email BasicsSetting Up Email ClientsSetting Up POP3 Email AccountSetting Up POP3 E-mail Forwarding, E-mail Aliases and Autoresponders Back
FTPIP AddressSupport Ticket Back
Contact UsCartCheckout0 itemsRM0.00
× Close Panel