http://www.crystalbutton.com/privacy.php
PRIVACY POLICY
Everyone’s and anyone’s privacy must be respected!
At Crystal Button Software, we are committed to protecting your privacy. When you visit our Web site, our server automatically recognizes your Internet Protocol address (IP address) or domain name. Unless you provide, we do not collect or know your name or e-mail address.
Cookies
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our or other websites
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet
You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings
What purpose and when does CrystalButton.com collect personal information for?
When you contact us, we need only an email address which we use to send the information you requested.
Presently, when you will place an order, you will be transferred to one of our online retailers Emetrix or Shareit or Regnow to provide your name, email address, mailing address, credit number, and expiration date.
As products vendor, we will collect your name, email address, mailing address, and the registration key. These information will be used to support you.
Will CrystalButton.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, rent or lease your personal information to others.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by CrystalButton.com as described in this Policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it.
Other Terms and Conditions.
In the event that you desire to purchase our products, the software, you agree not to use the software in any manner that is illegal, unethical, harassing, threatening, intimidating, abusive, obscene, profane, defamatory, hateful or a nuisance.
Should you have any question concerning this Policy , you may contact
us.
Hope you enjoy your visit at our Web site!
button
creator | web page buttons  | html buttons | website buttons
Copyright
2001-2020 (c) SWGSoft
Privacy Policy
| logo design software