http://www.blackice.com/Company/legal.htm
Legal Notices - Black Ice Software
Grant of Use
All downloads (including evaluation software) and documentation contained in this Website are the property of Black Ice Software, LLC's ("Black Ice"). Documents and information available on this site may be viewed, downloaded and printed subject to the following conditions: (i) documents and information are for non-commercial purposes only; (ii) documents and information may not be changed in any way; (iii) documents and information may not be distributed; (iv) copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the documents or information may not be removed; and (v) Black Ice reserves the right to revoke and refuse authorization to access the documents and information available on this Website at any time. Any other use is strictly prohibited and may constitute violations of copyright or trademark laws.
Software Downloads
The materials on Black Ice's Websites are provided as a service to its customers and may be used for informational purposes only. Single copies may be downloaded subject to the provisions below. By downloading any materials from this site, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to them, do not use the site or download any materials from it.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of Black Ice or any third party. Except as expressly provided above nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Black Ice copyright.
Disclaimer:
Documentation and information published by Black Ice on their Website are provided "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Black Ice shall not under any circumstances be liable to any person for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages, including, without limitation, damages resulting from use of OR RELIANCE ON the INFORMATION presented, loss of profits or revenues or costs of replacement goods, even if informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented. However, Black Ice assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. Product information is subject to change without notice. Changes, if any, will be incorporated in new revisions of these publications. Black Ice may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in these publications at any time without notice. Mention of non-Black Ice products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
Use of services
Any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications"). Black Ice will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. Black Ice and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any state, federal, or international law.
Black Ice may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where users transmit or post Communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums, and the content of any such Communications. Black Ice, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.
Privacy policy
Information submitted to Black Ice through forms on this website is used according to Black Ice's
Privacy Policy.
Links to third party sites
Web sites linked to by Black Ice are not under the control of Black Ice and Black Ice is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Black Ice reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. Black Ice does not endorse companies or products to which it links and reserves the right to note as such on its web pages. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Trademarks
All product and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Copyright notice
Copyright © 2015 Black Ice Software, LLC, 950 Peninsula Corp Circle Suite 2017, Boca Raton, FL 33487
All rights reserved.
Contact Information
Tel: +1 561-757-4107
Tel: +1 561-886-6681
E-mail: sales@blackice.com
About Us
Support
Submit technical support request
Tutorials
Version History
Knowledge base
Online Manuals
Newsletters
Tutorials
License Key Request
Manual Demo Registration
Release Manual Registration
License Key Reset
You are here:
Home
>
Legal Notices - Black Ice Software
To Top