https://www.dls.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Follow us
Contacts   Request a Quote   Support   Login
Menu
HOME
SERVICES
Business Phone Service
Virtual PBX
Hosted PBX
SIP Trunking
Phones and Equipment
High-Speed Internet Access
DLS Business Broadband
Switched Ethernet
Fixed Wireless Broadband
Online Meetings
Colocation
Dedicated Servers
Hosted NAS
Network Support
PARTNER PROGRAM
COMPANY
Employment
NEWSROOM
SUPPORT
BLOG
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for DLS Computer Services, Inc. doing business as DLS Internet Services with the websites www.dls.net and portal.dls.net. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Customer Information
DLS Internet requires certain information at the time of signup and in the course of providing customer support. This information is necessary for us to provide quality service and support. This information is never released to others unless we are ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction to do so. DLS Internet has never sold or rented customer lists or any other customer information, nor will DLS Internet ever do so.
Usage Information
DLS Internet monitors its servers to the extent necessary to ensure that high standards of maintenance are met. DLS Internet does not monitor or record your activities online. We do not monitor which web sites you visit or look at what you put in written communications such as e-mails, news articles, or chat rooms. DLS Internet considers your email to be just as personal and private as your US Postal Service mail. DLS staff will not look at or read your email unless it is necessary to resolve a technical issue. In almost all cases, we will clearly inform you of the need to do so, and we will seek your permission before opening your DLS Internet mailbox on our servers.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contacts from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Address Validation
In order to verify the availability of services at a specific physical location, a user must first complete the online request form. When filling a form a user is required to give certain information such as name and email address. This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time, our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Civil Investigations
DLS Internet will not release a customer’s personal information or usage information to investigators, attorneys, or agencies unless we are directed to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction in the matter. If there is a hearing in court, the customer will be notified so they will have an opportunity to contest the surrender of personal information.
Be advised that customer information related to static IP allocations is publicly accessible without explicit permission or acknowledgment from DLS Internet. DLS is required by ARIN  to provide this information in real-time and currently makes available the company name and address of its customers receiving static IP allocations.
Criminal Investigations
DLS Internet cooperates fully with law enforcement agencies, yet there must still be a court order before DLS Internet surrenders customer information. The fourth amendment to the US Constitution requires a court order to conduct a search and seizure. DLS Internet will, when requested by law enforcement entities, acknowledge the existence of personal customer information, and when requested, provide the technical language to include in the court order, “particularly describing … the property to be seized.” In a criminal investigation, DLS Internet is under an order not to divulge the fact of the investigation to the customer.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800 323-2099 or via email support@dls.net.
Links That Tell The StoryCloud Phone System for Business | Small Business Cloud Phone System – DLS
Business Phone Service
Simply the Best PBX for Small Business
White Label VoIP Service Provider for Business
Blog
DLS Internet Services
847-854-4799
sales@dls.net
www.dls.net
950 E. Oak Street
Lake in the Hills, IL 60156
Mon-Fri 08:00am - 08:00pm CT
LegalWarranty Policy
Billing Policy
Telecommunications Taxes and Fees
Open Internet Policy
Static Routing Policy
What is the USF (Universal Service Fund)
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Usage Policy
Site Visitor and Network Abuse Policy
DNS Policies
.US Registration Agreement
GTLD Registration Agreement
Copyright Notice
Trusted by