http://www.altme.com/privacy.html
SafeWorlds and AltME Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy, and we are committed to protecting it.
Don't go for anything less.
No Spyware, No Adware... Ever.
We believe that spyware is evil. It is a violation of your privacy, and it's just plain wrong. None of our products include any kind of spyware or adware whatsoever. We do not make, sell, install, or participate in any kind of spyware or adware
within our products or website.
We Guard Personal Information
Any personal information collected by us is used only by us.
Personal information is data associated with your name or personal
identity, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user
IDs, billing addresses, and credit card information.
We do not sell, rent,
lease, or otherwise release your personal information to others. We keep
it all private.
Our privacy policy applies to the sites, systems, and worlds operated by
SafeWorlds, Inc. It does not apply to third party sites or systems that
we may link to from our web page, as they are beyond our control. We
make no representations about such third parties, and you should check
their privacy policies separately.
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is data that is not associated with a specific
personal identity. AltME.com, like most websites, automatically collects
non-personal information about how visitors access and use our website.
We collect such data as the pages that are visited, URLs, browser type,
and IP addresses.
SafeWorlds, Inc. does not use cookies on its website or any of its web
or systems operations.
Children's Privacy
SafeWorlds is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children. In
fact, that is one of the primary reasons we invented AltME -- to give
children a safe, secure place to communicate, free from unsolicited
outside sources.
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to always take an active
role in their children's online activities and interests. SafeWorlds
does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13
and we do not target our websites to children under 13.
AltME Product and World Privacy
Worlds created by AltME are private and operate under your control. Only
you and the people you invite to join your world have access to the
information within your AltME worlds.
SafeWorlds, Inc. does not have access to the information transferred
or stored within your worlds. User information, passwords, groups,
messages, checklists, and other data are shared only with people who use
your world. This information is not shared with us, and it is not
accessible by us.
The information we know about your world is external information that is
used for directing users to your world. It includes: your world name,
the world type (personal or professional), the world's IP address(es)
and Internet port number required to route users to your world, a hash
of the world control password that you need to maintain control over
your world name, the product name and version number for your world
server, the product and version numbers of clients that connect to your
world, the IP addresses and unique identifiers of clients that connect
to your world.
Authentication and Encryption
AltME products employ methods of authentication and encryption to help
keep your world safe and to keep information secure as it is transferred
over the Internet. Our standard AltME products use moderate levels of
authentication and encryption, but we cannot guarantee that the methods
employed are fully secure in all cases and are free from all types of
attacks. It is possible that given enough resources, information
transferred using AltME can be decoded.
Note that the standard AltME only encrypts data when transferred over
the Internet. Data stored on standard AltME servers and clients is not
encrypted. (However, we do plan to offer that feature as part of a
future product.)
Changes to this Statement
Any updates to this Privacy Statement will be posted to this document so
that you will always know what information we collect and how we use it.
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to us.
Revised 24-April-2005
Home |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Privacy |
Sitemap
Copyright Safeworlds Inc. - Updated 8-Jan-2010