http://www.card-reader.com/online_shop_policies.htm
Buying Policies
| Privacy Policy | Payment Policy | Shipping Policy | Return Policy |
Online Privacy Statement
Acuant respects and protects your privacy!
We use state-of-the-art technology to protect the safety of credit card and personal information we collect from you. Additionally, we have designed our site so that no personal identifiable information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public via our web site or Email.
Acuant complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. Acuant has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Acuant’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor
Security
Your browser and our secure server encrypt confidential information during transmission, ensuring that transactions stay private and protected.
Once information is collected by Acuant, we take reasonable precautions to protect personal information in our possession from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Information collected
You may visit our sites anonymously. We do not use cookies or any similar technology to collect any information about you. However, when ordering or registering on our site, you will be asked to enter your personal information to complete the transaction.
You can opt out of having your personal information collected by calling our Customer Service and ordering over the telephone or purchasing through one of our distributors.
We store your billing and shipping address, invoices and order history in our customer relationship management (“CRM”) database. We may purge customer information from our CRM database if we are no longer doing business with the customer.
Use of Your Personal Information
We do not sell or rent our customers’ information (including personally identifiable information) to any third party under any circumstances. We do not reveal your email address or other personal information except as required to complete transactions with our third-party suppliers. In such cases, we provide only the information required to complete the transaction. By contract, the third party is prohibited from selling, renting or sharing this information.
During our order process, we ask you to provide us with contact and billing information, such as name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number and a valid credit card number. We use this information to verify your account when you place an order, to deliver your order and to bill you for the product and services provided.
Your billing information and credit card transaction is processed through a third party gateway called Transnational Gateway.
Your payment information is stored by Transnational in a secured vault where the digits of your credit card are masked for additional security.
Acuant does not store any of your financial data on our servers.
If you provide us with your email address, and opt to be on our mailing list, we will occasionally send you an email with recommendations or notices of new products and prices.
We also send emails to keep you informed of your order status.
Minors
You should be at least thirteen (13) years of age to use our web site. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from minors under the age of thirteen (13). We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage, so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen (13) are not using our web site. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the age of thirteen (13) is using the web site, we will prohibit and block such user from accessing the web site and will make all efforts to promptly delete any personal information with regard to such user.
Sharing Information with Others
We may share personal information collected through our web site with others in any of the following cases:
If we reasonably believe that you have breached the terms of use of this web site or performed any action that we reasonably believe to be violating the applicable law or rules;
If we believe that we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g. to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Acuant, its partners, users of the web site or the Company’s technology or the general public);
In the event Acuant goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will be among the assets transferred.
In such event, the recipient of your personal information will undertake to use at least the same safeguards to protect your personal information as Acuant does so that your personal information will continue to be protected with the same safeguards as before;
We may also share personal information with our subsidiaries, sister companies, and parent companies, but their use of such information must comply with this Privacy Policy.
In any case other than the above, we will only share your personal information with others if we receive your prior consent.
In order to add emphasis, Acuant does not sell or rent your personal information to any third parties except as noted above.
Safe Harbor
In accordance with our commitment to protect personal privacy, Acuant Inc. adheres to the principles of the Safe Harbor Framework as developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission and has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
The United States Department of Commerce and the European Commission have agreed on a set of data protection principles (the "U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Principles") and frequently asked questions (collectively the “U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework”) to enable U.S. companies to satisfy the requirement under European Union law that adequate protection be given to personal information transferred from the EU to the United States. The EEA also has recognized the U.S. Safe Harbor as providing adequate data protection.
Disputes
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of personal information should be directed to Acuant at marketing@card-reader.com. The Company will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding the use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this Policy. For complaints that cannot be resolved between Acuant and the complainant, the Company has agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the PrivacyTrust pursuant to the Safe Harbor Principles.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may from time to time change this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to visit and review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed. If we implement substantial changes, they will take effect seven (7) days after we have posted a notice on our web site that the Privacy Policy has been updated. We will also update the "Last updated” date at the end of this Policy. You agree to be bound by any of the changes made to this Policy. Your continued use of the web site after the changes take effect will indicate your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the web site.
For questions about this Privacy Policy, please direct your inquiries to:
Alexi Georghiou
6167 Bristol Parkway, Suite 330
Culver City, CA
90230
ageorghiou@acuantcorp.com
Back to top
Payment Policy
Credit Cards
"Acuant" accepts VISA, MasterCard, American
Express and Discover. Current billing address and phone information
must be included with every order. Billing information must be verifiable
with the issuing bank. If this information cannot be verified with the
bank, the order will be cancelled.
We no longer accept credit card charges in excess of $10,000.00. Alternative payment forms are accepted such as ACH Transfers and Payment Terms. In order to be set-up for these alternate forms of payment please contact accounting@acuantcorp.com or call us at (213) 867-2625.
Credit Card Security
Persons who commit fraudulent activity will be prosecuted to the fullest
extent of the law. Web browsers transmit a unique address that can be
used by law enforcement officials to identify fraudulent activity. Both
the FBI and the US Secret Service are responsible for investigating
Internet fraud cases.
Fraudulent information will be provided to the issuing bank, shipping
carriers, and networked with our business partners.
Sales Tax
Sales tax applies for orders that are shipped to the state
of California, Massachusetts, Nebraska, Florida, Kentucky and Nevada. No additional charges will be applied to
the listed prices except for the shipping and handling
costs for orders not shipped to California, Massachusetts, Nebraska, Florida, Kentucky or Nevada. On international
orders, additional taxes or duties may be charged for
some countries by Fedex or local authorities, which are
at the customer responsibility.
Back to top
Shipping Policy
We use the services of premium carriers (UPS, FedEx, USPS).
Our delivery options are Ground, 2nd day Air, 3 days Select, Overnight,and international.
All of our products are always in stock (unless specifically noted).
Delivery times are stated in business days, and do not include order processing times.
Ground: 5-7 business days (not counting shipping day)
2nd day Air: 2 business days (not counting shipping day)
3 days Select 3 business days (not counting shipping day)
Overnight: Next day for orders accepted Monday through Thursday before 11:00AM PST
Overnight orders accepted after 11:00AM pacific time will be shipped on the next day
Overnight Orders Accepted on Friday before 11:00AM, will be delivered on Monday
International: Fedex International priority 4-5 business days
Insurance
All deliveries are insured and guaranteed against loss, theft and damage.
If you should experience any freight damage, please submit a request.
Overdue
Deliveries can be expected by combining order processing time and shipping time.
Order Processing Time
Our efficient processing system enables us to ship most of the orders
the same day or within one business day. Delays to the above are expected
for weekend orders. We ship Monday through Friday.
Destinations and International Orders
We ship to the continental United States. In addition, we ship to almost
every country in the world.
Billing to an International Address
Your billing information must be the same as listed for you by your
credit card provider. We accept foreign billing addresses, but we may
require (in rare cases) additional documentation prior to shipping your
first order. We may ask to have a faxed copy of your passport or drivers
license, along with a copy of either your credit card billing statement,
or a copy of the credit card you will be using.
International Shipping Method
We use Fedex International Priority. For some countries additional taxes
or duties may be charged by Fedex or local authorities and are the responsibility
of the customer.
Warranties
We will replace defective products for up to 1 year from purchase date.
Back to top
Return Policy
30 day money back applies to orders by end-user with number of units under 10.
30 day money back exclude shipping and handling fees.
Orders greater than 10 units will be subjected to restocking fees.
Resellers have 30 days to return or exchange their units. A fee of 25% will be charged for unopened items (restocking fee). Open items may be rejected.
Anything outside of the above guidelines requires approval.
For more details on our return policy , please check the following page:
Return Policy
Back to top
HomeSolutionsProductsDevelopersSupportAbout UsNewsArchive
Card Scanning Solutions Inc. (formaly CSSN). All rights reserved. 2014.
Site by: Rtistic