http://www.netkeeper.com/privacy.htm
Home         |
NetKeeper.com and Multima-Corporation.com Statement of Privacy
Multima Corporation is committed to protecting your privacy. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself, but sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations.
Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to register for demo software or when purchasing and registering Multima products. When you buy and install a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. When you do, we keep this registration information on file with any information you've already given us on previous visits to our Web site. This is considered your personal profile.
Use of Personal Information We use your personal information for the following purposes: · To help you quickly find software, services or information · To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you. · To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Multima. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Multima will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Multima or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Multima and its family of Web sites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Multima, its Web sites, or the public.
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Multima Corporation will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above. Registering also allows you to tell us how or whether you want us to communicate with you. Multima Corporation may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues related to a product or service you requested.
Security of your Personal Information
Multima Corporation strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above.Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where Multima, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
© 2001 Multima Corporation. All rights reserved. Last Updated: April 29, 2003