http://www.absolutefuturity.com/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy
HOME    PRODUCTS    SUPPORT    RESELLERS
Main Navigation:
Absolute Futurity Home
Products
Resellers
Purchase
Download
Support:
Frequently asked questions
Support
Feedback
Remember Us!
Add to Favorites
Make Home Page
Link to us
Free Newsletter
Name:
E-Mail:
Extra:
Links
Site Map
Search
Privacy Policy
Archived Newsletters
Our Products
Speed TestSpeed Testing
The first real maximum Internet bandwidth testing.
BBMonitorBandwidth tester
Test your Internet connection speed. Will run in the background.
Desktop-3D NotesPC Sticky Notes
Set alarms for all your notes. Change colors and customize each note.
POP-Stopper-IEPopup Remover
Remove all those annoying popups from your computer.
ImageGrabberImage Downloader
Automatically download all images from a web page.
Rapid-EmailerFast Emailer
Keep in touch with all your contacts, subscribers, and friends.
Privacy
Policy
The
privacy of your personal information is of the utmost importance to us at
Absolute Futurity. The information that we have gathered is strictly
confidential. It will only be used for Absolute Futurity's purposes of logging
registration keys to the proper users and to let you know about future products
and product updates.  We will not
sell or trade information to any other third parties.
We will take special care to protect the privacy and security of your
information.
Our privacy Policy does not apply to any other third party Web sites that
maybe accessible through our own Web site. We encourage you to read the policies
of those third parties to learn how they collect and use information about you.
The only information that we hold is that of email addresses that you
have provided to Absolute Futurity, for further communication that we may need
for future updated versions of our products and also for new releases of new
programs. Unless other wise stated
by the customer.
[ Home ] [ Contents ] [ Support ] [ F.A.Q. ] [ Resellers ] [ Privacy Policy ] [ Links ]
Absolute Futurity cares about your privacy.Any
information regarding our customers will not be given toanyone or any third
party without direct confirmation of the individual. Majorupgrades on all products
may require an upgrade fee. AbsoluteFuturity is not responsible for
typographical errors thatmight occur on this site or any third party sites.
Copyright © 2004 Absolute Futurity