http://www.tropicalwebshop.com/web/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tropical Web Shop takes the issue of privacy very seriously. Tropical Web Shop is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users by taking all possible measures to protect their personally identifiable information. This privacy statement was developed to outline these measures and disclose the privacy practices of Tropical Web Shop.
1. Security - This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our sign-up/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number or postal address), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Safari, Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
2. Information Collection and Use - Tropical Web Shop is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. Tropical Web Shop will not release any person-ably identifying information unless required by the appropriate law enforcement officials.
3. Registration - In order to use our services, a user must first complete the sign-up form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
4. Order - We request information from the user on our order form for premium services. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
5. Cookies - A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to log into the client section of the site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
6. Log Files - We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
7. Sharing - We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
8. Links - This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Tropical Web Shop is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
9. E-Mail Services - Tropical Web Shop protects the privacy of the mailboxes we manage. Our customers' mailboxes and the content of all messages are private. We do not monitor or disclose email messages unless we believe we must do so (i) to enforce our Email Terms and Conditions, (ii) because we are required to do so by law, or (iii) to defend Tropical Web Shop in any legal action or to protect the property of Tropical Web Shop. Additionally, our customers must agree to respect the privacy and confidentiality of others. Since privacy is, in part, a function of our customers' passwords, we encourage them to change their passwords frequently and to not share them with anyone.
10. Special Offers - We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
11. Site and Service Updates - We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
12. Correction/Updating Personal Information - If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member section page or by emailing our Customer Support.
13. Notification of Changes - If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
January 2010