http://www.visualbasicbooks.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for
VisualBasicBooks.com
VisualBasicBooks.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
VisualBasicBooks.com
Advertisers
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
Cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to send information about our web site. The user's contact information is also used to get in touch with the user when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
VisualBasicBooks.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving newsletter/promotional information from
us
.
You can send email to
feedback@visualbasicbooks.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
feedback@visualbasicbooks.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
feedback@visualbasicbooks.com