http://www.fastlinksoftware.com/html/privacy-policy.html
Meet us at ITW 2019 in Atlanta - Hyatt Regency - Sunday, June 23 - Wednesday, June 26
Location: Booth E3080 - Atrium Tower - Exibit Level
Home
Features
How to Buy
Try it Free
FAQ
Contact
FastLink Software Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 20, 2015
Your Privacy
FastLink Software strives to be an industry innovator. We support privacy policy disclosures on the internet.
We wish to set an example of transparency and truthfulness, and therefore choose to make our privacy policy available to the public.
Your right to privacy is very important to us. We recognize that when you make the decision to share information with us about you
or your company you are placing trust with FastLink Software to act in a responsible manner with that information. We strongly believe
that the information you share with us should only be used for one purpose, and that is to allow us to better serve your business needs.
Should we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified while using this website, you can be assured that it will only be
used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Information We Collect and How it is Used
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this website.
Any personal information that you provide about yourself and/or
your company will not be shared with other individuals, or other companies, without your permission.
We only collect information which
is voluntarily provided to us by you via e-mail, by completing a form on our website or by a Skype chat.
Unless you choose to share
information with us about you or your company, your identity remains anonymous.
Information we may collect:
company name
company address
company phone number
your full name and job title
your e-mail address
your business phone number
your cell phone number
If your company has an interest in moving our business relationship forward to seeing a full demo of our software we will ask for
additional information via e-mail, phone call or on a Skype chat. We may request the following:
information related to monthly call volume
telecom switches currently in use
current server hardware, as well as, its location
server operating systems
current service providers
traffic type your company is passing (international, domestic traffic or both)
We collect this information to better understand your company’s needs, and assess how our products and services best those needs
to solve your company’s challenges.
Security Related to Your Privacy
We are committed to ensuring that data your share with us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have
put in to place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect either online or via e-mail.
Third Party Websites
We provide links to third party sites that we feel may be of interest to you, may offer a recommended service, or are an industry partner of our company.
When you use one of these links you will be leaving our site, and will be viewing a new website which operates independently from our site. You should note
that we do not have any control over that other website. We highly recommend and encourage you to research and review the privacy policy of all third party websites.
Cookies
FastLink Software may use cookies for various reasons. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree,
the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you
as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We may use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to
tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you or your company, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting
to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Your Access and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. In addition, you can also do the following at any time by contacting us via
privacy@fastlinksoftware.com or by calling (+001) 623-551-9647:
see what data we have about you, if any
change/correct any data we have about you
have us delete any data we have about you
express any concern you have about our use of your data
opt out of any future contact from us
Client Testimonials
FastLink Software uses client testimonials on our website. Testimonials represented on our website are paraphrased statements provided to us by current or past
FastLink Software clients. Testimonials on our website remove specific personal information about our clients. We do this to protect their privacy as well as the
privacy of FastLink Software's client base.
Privacy Policy Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. It is the responsibility of the site visitor
to read this page because the terms of our privacy policy are binding to you and your company.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (+001) 623-551-9647 or via e-mail
privacy@fastlinksoftware.com.
Home
Features
How to Buy
Try it Free
FAQ
Contact
NDA Request
Copyright © 2015 FastLink Software Incorporated. All rights reserved. The trusted wholesale reporting and invoicing solution since 2001.
Phone: (+001) 623-551-9647
Fax: (+001) 623-551-9648
Privacy