http://www.codezebra.com/privacypolicy.php
Home
Symbols
High-res Examples
Compatibility
Sign in
About Us
Contact
Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Sign in
View cart/checkout
for Illustrator
for iOS
About
Architectural
Building Services
Landscaping
Vehicles & People
Fasteners
Electrical
Mechanical
Commitment to Privacy
The short answer is that we only collect your information upon consent to process your order and help you use our web site. We never give out or sell your information.
If we possess personal data about you, we will delete it upon request without undue delay.
This website uses small pieces of data called cookies stored on your browser in order to provide you with useful functionality. Cookies are not being used to gather information unnecessarily. See our cookie policy.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the http://www.codezebra.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive
materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and products. For example, we may determine that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. We never share information about our customers with other companies or advertisers.
We store information about the products you have purchased on our website. This information is used, for example, to populate your personal symbols palette. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your orders.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at "privacyrequest" at our domain name.