http://www.seavus.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Industries
Banking and Finance
Customised Embedded
Healthcare
Telecom
Expertise
Managed Services
Infrastructure Services
Custom Software Development
Quality Assurance and Automation
UX/UI Design
Managed Security Services
Product Development Services
Solutions
Mobile and Online Banking
Business Process Management
Customer Relationship Management
Billing Systems
MVNO
Insurance Claims Management
Customer Experience Management
SAP BASIS SUPPORT
Qlik and PowerBI
OCR/ICR
Enterprise Product Catalog
iGaming Solutions
Mobile Solutions
ElasticSearch as a Service
Embedded Development
Custom Designed Embedded
Android for Embedded Development
Machine Vision
ATLASSIAN
Business Intelligence and Big Data
Media Intelligence Solution
BMC ITSM
Products
Cases and Clients
Newsroom
About us
Career
Contact us
Copyright 2020 by Seavus. All rights reserved
Seavus Sites are subject to the provisions of these Terms and Conditions (or simply “the Terms”).
All Seavus sites and our content on them are owned by us or our partners and operated by us and you may access and use them under these Terms.
IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO READ CAREFULLY AND BY CONTINUING TO USE OUR SITES YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. BY ACCESSING ANY AND ALL SEAVUS SITES AND BY USING ANY PART OF THE SEAVUS SITES OR ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES ON THE SEAVUS SITES, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND BY OUR PRIVACY AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THESE TERMS OR ANNOUNCED ON OUR SITES. IF THERE IS ANY INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THESE TERMS AND ANY DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, THESE TERMS SHALL PREVAIL.
“Seavus” – means Seavus Group of companies.
“Seavus sites/the Site/the Sites” – are all sites which are owned, operated and/or administered by Seavus or managed by Seavus as a service (e.g. Seavus.com).
“Site Users” – means any individual and/or organization or entity that visits and/or is interactive on our Sites.
“Products and Services” – any solution, Products and Services, service model, portfolio or part thereof which is offered on the Seavus Sites, owned by Seavus solely and/or any Seavus partner.
“Affiliate” – any company part of Seavus Group, a subsidiary, joint venture, or any other entity which is under direct or indirect control of Seavus Group or any company part of Seavus Group.
All reference to end user, you, yours and/or your, has the meaning of the reference to any Site User irrespective of gender if it is an individual or if it is an entity/organization.
All reference to us, we, our, and/or ours, has the meaning of the reference to Seavus.
We do not claim any ownership rights to your content. You retain all rights and ownership of your content. We will only access, view, or listen to your content in limited ways. For example, we may need to access, view, or listen to your content to (a) respond to support requests; (b) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, unlawful, or technical issues; and (c) enforce these terms.
Consumer; the Site User will have a status of Consumer when he/she, by visiting this Site, acquires the Sites or Products and Services for his or her own personal needs, in any other case the Site User will be treated as a visitor of the Site.
Consumers Law; In a case when the applicable laws of the Site User jurisdiction, require that the Consumers laws of that jurisdiction govern, in a case when the Site User has a status of Consumer, the Consumer law of the jurisdiction of the Site User will be applied.
Legal Information
Unless otherwise indicated, Seavus Sites and its content is a property of Seavus. The Sites and its content are protected by copyright and trademark laws. By accessing the Seavus Sites, you agree with these Terms. If you choose not to agree with our Terms, please do not access or use our Sites or Products and Services, as you would be deemed unlicensed to do so.
The information that is shown on Seavus Sites may be used internally (by you or any third party to whom you distribute it) only for informational non-commercial purposes. No fee can be charged for distribution of any information to any third party, any and all copyright or other proprietary notices that appear on all copies that you make or distribute if permitted to do so under this Terms.
Products and Services Use Restriction
Any Products and Services that may be available to download from a respective Site offering such Products and Services is either proprietary of Seavus and/or a Seavus partner or client. Use of the Products and Services is governed by the terms of a respective end user license agreement that accompanies that acceptance or is included within Products and Services (“License Agreement”). An end user agrees to the License Agreement terms by installing, copying or using the Products and Services. The Products and Services are made available for downloading solely for use by end users according to the terms and conditions in the License Agreement.
Without limiting the foregoing, the copying or reproduction, of the Products and Services to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited unless permitted in the License Agreement or specifically in writing by Seavus.
All rights not expressly granted above are hereby reserved. If you want to use the Sites or Products and Services for any purpose other than as expressly permitted under this Term and Conditions, including but not limited to the distribution of the sites/products/software/services, you must obtain a valid license permitting such use. We may audit your use of the sites/products/software/services. You must not:
- Republish material from the Sites or Products and Services (including republication);
- Sell, rent or sub-license the Sites or Products and Services;
- Show any material from the Sites or Products and Services in public;
- Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on the Sites or Products and Services for a commercial purpose;
- Edit or otherwise modify any material on the Sites or Products and Services; or
- Redistribute material from the Sites or Products and Services, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution;
- The Sites or Products and Services may not be copied or imitated, reverse engineered, disseminated and or decompiled in whole or in part and can be used only according to these Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual Property, Copyright and Trademark Legal Notice
Except where otherwise specified, the content of Seavus Sites is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. All rights are reserved and are proprietary of Seavus and/or any of Seavus partners. Any and all copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices that appear herein, regardless if registered or not, together with this Legal Notice, must appear on all copies that you make or distribute if permitted by Seavus in writing or by these Terms.
Any Products and Services or part thereof offered or made available on the Sites is protected by law and may not be copied or imitated, reverse engineered, disseminated and/or decompiled in whole or in part and can be used only according to these Terms and Conditions and respective License Agreement or a specific agreement signed with Seavus.
No logo, brand sign, slogan, service sign, graphics, sound or image on the Seavus Sites which are owned by Seavus may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Seavus and in the manner prescribed by Seavus.
All third party brands, logos and signs are either registered or unregistered trademarks of those third parties and as such, represent their proprietary as respective owners.
No logo, sign, graphics, sound or image, as well as plugins on the Seavus Sites which are owned by Seavus partners and/or third parties may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Seavus or the respective third party.
Third Party Links and References
The Sites may contain or provides links to third party websites or third party references which are not under the control of Seavus. Seavus makes no representations about third-party websites. When you access a third party website, the access is at your own risk and under the terms and conditions of such third-party sites. Seavus is not responsible for the reliability of the data, opinions, advice or statements made on third-party sites, nor any social media plugin and comments sections. The inclusion of such links does not imply that Seavus endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
Privacy
The privacy terms and conditions and collections of data are regulated on the Seavus Sites with our Privacy and Cookies Policy, which ate updated and amended pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation of the EU (the Regulation), in force as of May 25th 2018.
Kindly read our Privacy and Cookies Policy in order to be able to know the conditions under which we collect and process data and our principles of data protection consistent with compliance with the applicable Regulation.
Our Privacy and Cookies Policy is made to ensure compliance with the Regulation and regulates the following:
Your way to Contact Us for privacy-related matters
The way we collect and the way we use the information we collect
The conditions and circumstances when disclosure of information is required and the way we do it
Conditions for international transfer of information
Your information processing and your rights concerning privacy
Details about our security and encryption policies
Interaction with other websites, platforms and applications
Cookies, Marketing and Advertising rules we apply
Our stand on surveys and contests
Mandatory requirements for children
When our policy will be legally applicable
Matters Beyond Our Reasonable Control
To extend permitted by applicable law, we are not liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer because of any: act of God; power cut; trade or labor dispute, act, failure or omission of any government or authority; obstruction or failure of telecommunication services or internet and cable providers; or any other delay or failure caused by a third party. In such an event, we reserve the right to cancel or suspend our Sites without incurring any liability.
To extend permitted by applicable law, we are not liable for the failure of any equipment or Products and Services howsoever caused beyond our reasonable control, wherever located or administered, or whether under our direct control or not, that may prevent the operation of our Sites, impede the placing or administration of orders, or delivery of Products and Services or prevent you from being able to contact us.
To extend permitted by applicable law, we are not liable for the processing of any offers for order where (a) we do not receive the necessary communication and/or information, (b) we are unable to display any such order or (c) if, for any reason, we fail to process any instruction in good time.
Errors and Omissions
We are not responsible for printing or digital typo errors that may occur on our Sites and its content from time to time.
However, you may inform us on any error you may find on our Site with due reasonable explanation and to the best of our knowledge and in a reasonable time we may correct the error or reply to you for the contrary reasons.
Although we always strive and attempt to provide accurate information on our Sites, information on Seavus Sites may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The contents of any documents and information on Seavus Sites are believed to be current and accurate as of their publication dates. Seavus assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. Seavus may change the programs or Products and Services mentioned, at any time without notice on any of the Seavus Sites. Mention of non-Seavus products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
Warranty Disclaimer
ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON THE SITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. SEAVUS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE.
Limitation of Liability
SEAVUS OR ANY SEAVUS AFFILIATE, OUR INFORMATION PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES OR OUR PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, LOSS OF GOODWILL, ANY COSTS, COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITES OR ANY SEAVUS PRODUCT AND SERVICE, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you, but will apply only to the maximum extent permitted by the applicable law.
Miscellaneous
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time without prior notification. If the alterations constitute a significant change to these Terms we will take appropriate steps to bring such changes to your attention (such as by placing a notice of such change on a prominent position on our Sites, together with the changed Terms and Conditions). Should we decide to use this method will be at our sole discretion and choosing and does not imply it is our binding obligation.
What constitutes a “significant change” will be determined at our sole discretion, in good faith and using common sense and reasonable judgment.
You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with the then-current Terms and Conditions and the Privacy and Cookies Policy or any other policy we may place on our Sites from time to time to ensure that you agree with them.
In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is deemed by any competent authority to be unenforceable or invalid, the relevant provision shall be modified to allow it to be enforced in line with the intention of the original text to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms shall not be affected.
No failure or delay by a party to exercise any of its rights under these Terms shall operate as a waiver thereof and no single or partial exercise of any such right shall prevent any other or further exercise of that or any other right.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
You are responsible for understanding the contents and operation of Seavus Sites. We reserve the right to change the format of any and all Seavus Sites in order to enhance it for your better user experience and/or for other business purposes as our sole discretion.
For any help or for further information you can contact us at info@seavus.com or:
Seavus AB
Rundelsgatan 16
211 36 Malmoe, Sweden
Phone: +46 40 300 940
Fax: +46 40 300 941
Last Update: May 22nd 2018