https://www.cadstudio.cz/en/privacy.asp
CAD Studio - CAD/CAM/GIS/BIM/PLM solutions
Home (EN) » Company profile » Privacy statement »
CAD Studio - online privacy
Online privacy statement
CAD Studio s.r.o. (formerly: Xanadu, Dagis) respects your privacy and
is committed to protecting it. You can visit most of CAD Studio web pages
without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. This Privacy
Statement and our processing of your personal data (conforming to GDPR EU regulation 2016/679) apply to all websites and domains owned by CAD Studio.
Personal information
Once you choose to provide us with your personal information (any information that
is associated with your name or personal identity), you can be assured it will be
used only to support your customer relationship with CAD Studio. CAD Studio
will not sell, rent, lease or otherwise reveal your personal information to other
subjects.
For some of our online services and for e-commerce we request personal information
such as your name and address or your e-mail address.
Your personal data
We may process the following categories of your personal data:
Personal identity
To identify your persona, we process your: first name, surname, title, company, job title.
Contact data
To be able to contact you, we process your: e-mail, phone numbers, company or contact address.
Internet services usage data
To be able to customize technical and sales information for your benefit, we process your personal data: usage records of our internet services, IP addresses of your access devices and cookies.
User profile on the CADforum portal
If you decide to publish your hobbies and social networks contacts in your user profile on CAD Forum, this data may be viewed by other forum members.
You can always edit or delete this data.
Using cookies
We collect and analyze non-personal anonymous information to evaluate how visitors
use our websites. This helps us to provide better web services to our customers.
Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. Some
of our web pages use cookies so that web applications can react individually. You
can switch off cookies in your web browser but in such case some areas or pages
of our web servers will not work properly.
Application data
Some of our software applications may collect anonymized information about using their individual commands (through Google Analytics),
so that we can extend and optimize the functionality of the most popular commands.
The Readme file contains information how to disable this data collection.
This data is used just for the software development purposes and they are not shared with any other subject.
Business relationships
Web pages of the CAD Studio company contain links to other, non-CADstudio
web servers. CAD Studio does not control those sites or their privacy practices,
nor the contents of such external sites.
Questions and comments
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to the administrator of these web pages (webmaster@cadstudio.cz) or to:
CAD Studio s.r.o.
Hornopolni 34
Ostrava
702 00
Czech Republic
solutions download tips
See all CAD utilities by CAD Studio
3.200+ CAD tips and tricks
About us
Products
Shop
Support
Contacts
Technical support
Training (ATC)
CAD services
Custom software development
Software localization
Download
Tips and tricks
Discussion forum
Company profile
Press releases
Budweiser Blog
CAD Studio @ Facebook
CAD Studio @ YouTube
CAD Studio @ Twitter
CAD Studio @ LinkedIn
CAD Forum tips & tricks
Own CAD applications
CAD freeware
GIS/FM software
CS ERP Connector
Autodesk CAD solutions
Training, CAD services
Custom software development
Software localization
Contact us
Other web sites
Search for text
RSS channel
CAD eShop
CAD utilities
Promotions
© 2020 CAD Studio s.r.o. | contact | webmaster | privacy