https://www.arcitura.com/help/
TRAINING
COMMUNITY
MORE
API Design & Management
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Big Data
Blockchain
Cloud Computing
Containerization
Cybersecurity
DevOps
Digital Transformation
Internet of Things (IoT)
Machine Learning
Microservices
Service Governance
Service Security
Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Spanish Training (coming soon)
Arcitura Patterns Site
Arcitura on YouTube
Arcitura on LinkedIn
Arcitura on Facebook
Arcitura on Twitter
Community Home
Arcitura Books Published by Pearson Education
Contact Arcitura
eLearning Solutions
Home Study Solutions
Junior Programs (for ages 16-20+)
Public Workshop Calendar
Private Workshops
Download Catalog (PDF)
CERTIFICATIONS
Artificial Intelligence Specialist
Big Data Architect
Big Data Consultant
Big Data Engineer
Big Data Governance Specialist
Big Data Professional
Big Data Science Professional
Big Data Scientist
Blockchain Architect
Cloud Architect
Cloud Governance Specialist
Cloud Professional
Cloud Security Specialist
Cloud Storage Specialist
Cloud Technology Professional
Cloud Virtualization Specialist
Containerization Architect
Cybersecurity Specialist
DevOps Specialist
Digital Transformation Specialist
Digital Transformation Technology Professional
Digital Transformation Technology Architect
Digital Transformation Data Science Professional
Digital Transformation Data Scientist
Digital Transformation Security Professional
Digital Transformation Security Specialist
IoT Architect
Junior Big Data ScienceProfessional
Junior Cloud ComputingProfessional
Junior Digital TransformationProfessional
Machine Learning Specialist
Microservice Architect
Service API Specialist
Service Governance Specialist
Service Security Specialist
Service Technology Consultant
SOA Analyst
SOA Architect
SOA Professional
Acclaim/Credly Badges
Pearson Vue Exams
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
CCP
SOACP
BDSCP
NEXT-GEN IT
JUNIOR
HOW TO FIND HELP
Contact Arcitura directly with any general questions or inquiries. Visit the Contact page for contact information. For questions regarding exam scheduling or problems with testing centers or online proctoring, contact Pearson VUE directly. Visit www.pearsonvue.com/arcitura for contact information.
SOACP Gen 2 Questions
For questions pertaining to the SOACP Gen 1 and Gen 2 curricula and certification requirements, visit the SOACP Gen 1 and Gen 2 Q&A page.
Commonly Asked Questions
“Do I need to take courses or purchase self-study kits in order to achieve a certification?”
No, you are only required to pass the necessary exams. This is further explained on the Certifications page.
“How do I take exams?”
You can take exams at any Pearson VUE testing center or via Pearson VUE Online Proctoring, which enables you to take exams from your home or office workstation with a live proctor. For a list of locations nearest to your region and to schedule exams, visit: www.pearsonvue.com/arcitura/
Exams can also be taken via On-Site Proctoring as part of training events delivered by Arcitura Certified Trainers. For more information, visit: www.arcitura.com/about/private-on-site-exam-proctoring/
“How long are the exams?”
Exams can vary in length, generally from 1 to 4 hours. Module-specific exams are usually shorter than combined exams. For more information about exam formats and delivery options, visit: www.arcitura.com/exams/
“Can I retake an exam if I fail?”
Yes, you can retake any exam. Be sure to view the retake policy displayed on the Exam Policies page.
“I recently completed a Pearson VUE exam. Why do I not see the exam listed in my online exam history?”
Depending on the geographical location of the testing center, it can take several business days for Arcitura to receive your exam results from Pearson VUE. If you do not see your exam listed within 5 business days of having completed the exam, submit an inquiry to one of our student administrators via: info@arcitura.com
“What is the relevance of an honors designation?”
If you attain an honors designation for a given certification, it will be indicated in your official transcript and you will receive a Certificate of Excellence that indicates your honors status. Also, obtaining an honors designation is important for those interested in becoming Certified Trainers.
“How can I achieve the honors designation for an exam?”
By completing the exam with a grade that is at least 10 percentage points higher than the required passing grade. For example, if the passing grade for an Exam is 78%, a grade of 88% or higher is required to achieve the honors designation.
“How can I achieve an honors designation for a certification?”
By completing each exam required for the certification with an honors grade.
“How do I get access to high-definition logo images?”
You can contact the school directly to request high-definition versions of the logo images. If you have your AITCP login credentials, you can download the logo image files via the online Member Administration System.
“I am registering for an upcoming workshop. How can I study in advance of taking the courses?”
When registering for a workshop, be sure to indicate that you would like to receive the course materials ahead of time. Note that you will likely be charged extra shipping costs.
“How can I be updated when new certifications, exams, courses, or self-study kits become available?”
The fastest way to receive updates is to connect to the Arcitura via LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.
“Will you come to my location to train me?”
Yes, a Certified Trainer can be sent to your location. Contact info@arcitura.com to inquire about pricing, availability, and minimum class sizes.
X
X