http://www.cyberteams.com/privacy.html
Home
Products
Services
Demo area
Pricing
About CyberTeams
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Personal information
It is CyberTeams' policy to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. You can visit our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address, in order to contact you. You will enter this information into web-based forms. All information you provide will be removed from our files following our use of that information to contact you, unless you purchase a product from us. As a customer, we will only use this information as a basis for further contact.
We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it. This practice has been implemented for all of our sites.
We also request that our resellers around the world include information on privacy practices whenever information is collected for use by CyberTeams.
Information security and quality
To protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information, we have implemented appropriate technical and managerial procedures to maintain information that is accurate, current, and complete. We will make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to correct personal information inaccuracies in a timely manner.
Business relationships
Our CyberTeams sites contain links to other web sites. CyberTeams is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies
There are various technologies, including one called "cookies", which can be used to provide your browser with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some CyberTeams pages use cookies or other technologies that retain preference-related information so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Partnership
Become a local reseller
Rebrand our products
Referral partnership
Partner Login
Navigation
Products
Demo area
About us
Customers
Sales & Support
E-mail us
Let us call you
Online chat
Skype us!
Other
privacy statementterms & conditions
CyberTeams newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter and keep up with the latest CyberTeams news and events.
© CyberTeams Inc. 1995 - 2012 | United States: +1 304 756 8136 | Europe: +31 (0)20 893 2555