http://www.rsm.co.uk/privacy.php
Website Privacy Policy
The Policy:
This privacy policy is for this website: www.rsm.co.uk.
The website is owned and managed by RSM Technology Ltd of 10-20 Bourne Court, Southend Road, South Woodford, Essex, IG8 8HD, UK.
The policy governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations).
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA & PECR are respected.
Additionally, it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website.
Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer/device in order to serve it to you.
Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The DPA & GDPR May 2018
This website complies with the provisions of the DPA (Data Protection Act 1998) and already complies with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) which comes into effect from May 2018.
We will update this policy accordingly after the completion of the UK's exit from the European Union.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors in order to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to the hard drive of your device in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
The tracking is only for the www.rsm.co.uk website, no tracking of external web activity takes place.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website contains no sponsored links or advertisements for any services other than those provided by RSM Technology Ltd and RSM Partners Ltd.
Links are provided to RSM's authorised partners and agents in other parts of the world.
Clicking on these links will send you to websites outside RSM's control, therefore users should be aware that they click on external links at their own risk and RSM cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk.
While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication with RSM
Users contacting this us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any personal details requested at their own risk.
Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system.
This is done in accordance with the regulations named in 'The policy' above.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform customers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish.
Customers' personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in 'The policy' above.
Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages.
The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages.
Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
Shortened URLs: URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URLs (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter.
Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts.
Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Personal data
The only personal data RSM holds is as follows:
Names, email addresses, job titles, place of employment and what RSM courses they have attended.
This information is kept for RSM internal use only, and will never be disclosed to any third party.
No other information is gathered or kept.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online.
While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles.
We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms.
Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms.
You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
You can find further information about some social media privacy and usage policies in the resources section below.
Job Title/Function
Foundation Skills
Systems Programming & Technical Support
Security
Storage Management
Operations & Operations Analysis
Parallel Sysplex
Programming & Development
Systems Management
Management Skills
Skill Area
z/OS - Technical
z/OS - Applications Development
Db2
IBM MQ
WebSphere and web services
Networks
IMS DB & TM
CICS
Management
Training Programmes
RSM Boot Camps
Graduate and New Joiner Programmes
STORK Programmes
Public Courses
In-house Courses
Other services
Consulting
Qualifications
Useful links
Directions & Hotels
RSM Professional Portal
Authorised Partners
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
© RSM Technology 2020