http://www.phenomenists.com/index.php/2-uncategorised/13-acceptable-usage-policy#aup
Email
Acceptable Usage Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) should be read in conjunction with Phenomenists Internet Ltd Terms & Conditions, whichis provided to all clients when agreeing a contract for the provision of services.
The term ‘Client’ within this policy refers to the person with whom Phenomenists Internet Ltd has entered into a contractualrelationship. For the purposes of this document the term is equally applicable to resellers, channel partners and direct clientsof Phenomenists Internet Ltd.
The term ‘End User’ within this policy refers to the person or persons who are utilising a service provided by PhenomenistsInternet Ltd, whether directly or indirectly as part of a solution supplied by Phenomenists Internet Ltd.
General Guidelines Phenomenists Internet Ltd server network must not be used for sending, receiving or distributing content that:
i. constitutes offences such as sedition; forbidden extremist political propaganda; invasion of personal privacy including insult,libel and defamation; or distribution of pornographic literature, orii. is indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing or otherwise offensive, oriii. violates a third party’s rights such as the right to bear a name, the right of personality, copyrights, competition andtrademark laws. The End User must also observe the legal provisions concerning data protection and the protection of a thirdparty’s privacy.
In addition to the above, the services operated by Phenomenists Internet Ltd must not be used for improper purposes.Such improper purposes include any use that impairs the integrity and performance of the network or its parts. Misuse alsoincludes the use of the network for distributing, loading, storing or publishing data that could violate or impair a third party’srights or constitute threat or insecurity to a third party.
It is not admissible to use the services for distributing programs that serve the purpose of either causing damage to otherusers or computer systems (e.g. virus infection programs) or gaining unauthorised access to other computer systems (“Trojanhorses”).
Phenomenists Internet Ltd clients are responsible for taking all reasonable measures to control traffic that is sent from theirconnections. It is their responsibility to ensure that all software on their side of the connection is virus-free and up-to date withall relevant security patches.
If Phenomenists Internet Ltd find malicious traffic emanating from an End User connection, we have an obligation to our otherClients and peering networks to take urgent measures to block that traffic by suspending the account until the issue has beenresolved. Phenomenists Internet Ltd understand that in many cases, the Client may not be responsible for or aware of aproblem, and will work with the Client to resolve the issue as efficiently as possible to restore normal service.
End Users may not mount an attack, by whatever means, against any of the Phenomenists Internet Ltd systems. End Usersmay not run unauthorised mailing lists from, or through any of the Phenomenists Internet Ltd machines, or e-mail servers.The access and authentication data that is given to the End User for access to the Phenomenists Internet Ltd network mustbe protected at all times. Passwords protecting the access to the network must be kept confidential, checked and modified ifunauthorised use by a third party is suspected.
Electronic Mail It is not admissible to distribute e-mail messages to persons not wishing to receive such messages, especially in the event that the distribution of such electronic mail is done for the purpose of confronting a single person or numerous persons withunwanted commercial advertising, political statements or announcements or any kind.It is not admissible to modify or falsify the information that is contained in the header of an e-mail message or news article.Every Client and/or End User operating an e-mail service on the Phenomenists Internet Ltd network must ensure that his/herservice cannot be used by any third party for the purpose of sending anonymous e-mail messages or distributing messages(“foreign relaying”) that might offend against the guidelines specified herein.
Policy Changes Phenomenists Internet Ltd reserves the right to amend this Acceptable Use Policy in line with changes in the Internet ServiceProvider sector.
Go Top