http://www.cygnacom.com/privacy
Professional Services
Certification Services
Insights
Insights – Security & Growth
Insights – Derived Credentials
Insights – IoT
Insights – Blockchain
Insights – ICMC19
Resources
About
Contact
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
More results...
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Last Updated February 8, 2019
Cygnacom Solutions (“Cygnacom”) values its commitment to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement together with the ‘Terms of Use’ of our websites and any other documents referred to therein set forth how we will use any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us.
Personal data is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us (e.g., your name or email address). More detail about the types of personal data we collect is set forth below.
What personal data does Cygnacom collect?
Information you provide to us
We collect personal data you provide to us when you visit our websites. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, purchase products or services from our websites, subscribe to our service, search for a product, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey or when you report a problem with our site. You are free to explore the websites without providing any information about yourself.
We also collect personal data you provide to us when you contact us via email or telephone, or during business-related events, trade shows, sales or marketing activities hosted by us or by third parties.
The information you provide to us may include your location, name, phone number, email address, mailing address, job title, place of employment, financial and credit card information.
Information we collect
When you visit our websites, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information related to your visit. This information typically includes your location, IP address, the identity of your Internet Service Provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Like most software providers and operators of cloud services, we collect information relating to the access, usage and performance of our websites. This information is collected and stored in electronic records called logs. These logs may record the names, usernames, manner of access, time of access and location of access of those who have accessed our websites.
Information third parties provide to us
On occasion, we receive personal data from third parties. For example, if you attend a meeting or event, the organizer of the event may share your personal data with us if they have obtained your consent to do so. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out below (depending on the types of information we receive).
How do we use the information we collect?
We only process personal data where we have a legal basis to do so (e.g., necessary for the performance of a contract, to comply with a legal obligation, to pursue our legitimate interests or where we have consent). Here is a list of the most common uses for which we process personal data:
To set up your user account and validate your license to access our websites, products and services;
To process and complete transactions and send related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices;
To provide, maintain or troubleshoot access to our websites, products, and services;
To improve the content, functionality and usability of our websites, products and services;
To investigate and prevent fraudulent activity or unauthorized access to our websites, products or services;
To provide you with effective customer service;
To conduct internal research and development;
To comply with applicable laws or regulations;
To contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you and related to your use of our websites, products and services;
To invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us;
To better understand your needs and interests;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
Does Cygnacom share and disclose personal data?
We may share and disclose your personal data, but only under the following circumstances:
We may disclose or transfer your personal data to Cygnacom subsidiaries or affiliates.
We may disclose or transfer your personal data as part of a potential or actual company merger, acquisition or sale of a portion of Cygnacom or our assets.
We may share your personal data with third parties who provide services to us. These third parties process your personal data pursuant to our instructions and solely for the purpose indicated in the agreements we have signed with them. Examples of third-party service providers include payment processing providers, credit reference agencies, website analytics companies, and service providers who operate, maintain and support our websites, products and services.
We may disclose personal data in aggregate form to others, including strategic partners, advertisers, investors, and customers.
We may disclose personal data to protect, enforce or defend our rights or those of others, or where we believe the disclosure is required by law.
We may disclose personal data to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft, or to protect the security of our websites, products and services.
We will never sell, rent or lease your information to a third party.
How long do we retain personal data?
We only retain personal data for as long as necessary for the purpose in which it was collected. For example, where your personal data is needed to provide you with access to our websites, products or services, we retain your personal data for the period in which we are providing that access unless we are required by law to dispose of it earlier or to keep it longer. We also retain personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, and protect or enforce our rights.
How do we protect your personal data?
We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. These security measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
Where do we store your personal data?
All information you provide to us is stored on our internal and third-party secure servers. Any payment transactions are encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
International data transfers
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and/or stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (”EEA”) on our servers or our third party servers. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storage or processing. We will only transfer your personal data outside the EEA where permitted to do so by law and we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Who is the data controller?
The data controller of any personal data we hold about you is Cygnacom Solutions.
What rights do you have with respect to your personal data?
Depending upon the applicable data protection law in your country of residency, you may have the right to ask us for information relating to your personal data we control and process; to correct, delete, or restrict any active processing of your personal data; and/or to obtain a copy of your personal data in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share this personal data with another controller.
Additionally, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the information to meet a contractual or other legal requirement). These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests to keep (such as for purposes of fraud prevention).
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
We may also send you direct marketing without requiring your consent; for example, where our marketing is not based on consent, but other lawful grounds (such as our legitimate interest in marketing our products and services to you).
Where we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes (whether based on consent or other lawful grounds), you still have the right to withdraw consent at any time. To opt out of receiving marketing communications from Cygnacom, please click here.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data on individuals under 18 years of age. Our websites, products and services are not intended for users under 18 years of age.
External Websites
Our websites may contain links to third party websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or privacy practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Statement does not apply to third party websites.
Amendments to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement from time to time as our business, laws, regulations and industry standards evolve. Any changes are effective immediately following the posting of such changes on www.cygnacom.com. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement from time to time to stay informed. Please note that any subsequent use of our websites, products and services following changes to this Privacy Statement will constitute your acceptance of all such changes.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or our handling of your personal data, please use our online form. We will do our best to answer your questions and address your concerns.
About Us
I
Leadership
I
Careers
I
Contact Us
©2019 Cygnacom
Privacy Policy