https://www.virtualcd-online.com/vcd/apps/support/privacy.cfm?lg=0
H+H Software GmbH
Toggle navigation
Virtual CD
Virtual CD
Highlights in Virtual CD 10
Features
Data Sheets
Case Studies
Awards
The Products
Single User Version
Network Versions
VCD Management
Areas of Use
Shop
Support
Download
The Knowledge base
Support Forum
Online Help VCD / - FS / - TS
Online Help VCD NMS
Videos
News
All News
Newsletter request
Unsubscribe from newsletter list
The newsletter archive
Contact
Contact Person
Become a reseller
DE
EN
H+H Software GmbH Privacy statement
Data protection
Welcome! In our data protection declaration you can read how we handle your personal data when you visit our website: Which data we collect, under which conditions data is stored and to whom we transmit data.
Responsible (data processing): H+H Software GmbH, represented by: Dipl. Ing. Michael Etscheid, Dr. Klaus Romanek, hh@hh-software.com
Contact Data Protection Officer: datenschutz@hh-software.com
The use of our websites is possible (with one exception) without providing personal data. This information will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent. Read below how data is processed:
Web server
The only exception is your IP address, which is automatically collected via the web server environment and stored in the web server logs for maintenance purposes. The storage period is 6 months.
If you have access to the H+H Intranet, your login data (user name and password) is stored on the web server. This data will be processed with your consent. This information is required for you to register. The data is deleted when it is no longer required for business purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your PC in your browser's database or in a text file on your hard drive. We do not use cookies on our product pages.
Session cookies: Session cookies are stored when you visit our intranet area. They contain a session ID that tells the web server that it is the same session when it switches between pages. Session cookies are automatically deleted when you end your browser session.
Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies are stored when you log on to the intranet area of our website. This allows you to save your login information and the next time you visit our site you do not need to re-authenticate to enter the intranet area. Persistent cookies have an expiration date (2 years) after which they are automatically deleted. You can generally prevent the storage of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your web browser. In this case, not all functions of the intranet area may be available. Since cookies are stored on your PC, you can also delete them privately at any time. Instructions on how to delete cookies or prevent the storage of cookies can be found in the help area of your respective Internet browser.
Third-party cookies (privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics)
After your consent in the cookie hint window (lower edge of the browser window), our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google LLC ("Google"):
Google LLC1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, CA 94043USAPhone: +1 650 253 0000Fax: +1 650 253 0001E-Mail: support-de@google.comRepresented by Sundar Pichai (Chief Executive Officer)
Google LLC is a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Registration number: 3582691, Secretary of State, State of Delaware VAT-ID-No.: EU372000041
Google Analytics stores cookies on your PC. The information generated by cookies in connection with your use of this website will generally be transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. To protect your data, our website anonymizes the IP addresses transmitted to Google (use of the "_anonymizeIP()" extension). IP addresses are only processed further in order to exclude direct personal contact. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened in exceptional cases.
On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide us with other services relating to website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not conflated with other Google data.
You may change your decision to analyze your use of the Site at any time. Move the mouse pointer to the bottom of the browser window and click on the "Cookie settings" link that appears. Here you can make your selection again. Since cookies are stored on your PC, you can also delete them privately at any time. Instructions on how to delete cookies or prevent the storage of cookies can be found in the help area of your respective Internet browser.
Protection of your rights
You have the right to information about the data collected and processed by you. This right is satisfied with this data information.
You have the right to correct, delete, block, object to and transfer your data. In the event that you have intranet access with us, please contact our data protection officer
(datenschutz@hh-software.com) to safeguard these rights.
In the case of cookies set by us on your PC, you have full control over these cookies and can use them as required.
In the case of cookies set by third parties (Google), please read the above privacy policy and the privacy policy of Google LLC (https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy/).
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, either the State Commissioner for Data Protection of Lower Saxony or the supervisory authority responsible for you.
Social Media
This website contains a direct link to our Facebook "Like" page. By following this link you will leave our website and establish a direct connection between your web browser and the Facebook servers. Details of the data collected by Facebook Inc. can be found here: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Notes
Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via e-mail communication) may be subject to security breaches. It is not possible to fully protect data from third-party access.
The use of contact data published within the framework of legal notice regulations by third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and informational materials is hereby expressly forbidden. The operators of the site reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of third parties sending unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails.
Do you have any questions for our data protection officer?
Die Adresse datenschutz@hh-software.com ist der richtige Anlaufpunkt.
Do you have suggestions for improvements, criticism or praise?
The address hh@hh-software.com is the right choice.