https://www.thesitewizard.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy Policy
My policy concerning your privacy when you visit thesitewizard.com
Privacy Policy
This page outlines thesitewizard.com's
policy concerning your privacy. You should also read my
No Spam Policy.
What sort of information is requested from me on this site?
If you chose to use one of the Wizards
available on this site, you will be asked to supply information that is needed by the Wizard to generate the
JavaScript, Perl script, PHP script, web page, etc, that you requested.
In addition, if you email me using this site's contact form, you will be asked to enter your contact information,
that is, your email address and name.
What is done with my email address?
If any of the wizards require you to enter your email
address, such as the Feedback Form Wizard,
it will be because the script or web page generated requires an email address. For example, the
Feedback Form Wizard
needs your email address to create a script which will allow visitors to your web site to
send you feedback. The email address that you enter into the wizard is not stored, nor is it sent to anyone.
As for the email address you enter into the contact form, it will only be used for the purpose of
replying to your message.
What is done with the information requested by the Wizards?
The wizards ask only for the information needed to generate the scripts or web pages you requested, and the information is
used solely to create those things. It is neither stored nor sent to anyone.
Note: If you use a third party service that the site links to, you will have to
check their privacy policy yourself. I have no control over those third party services.
Links to third party websites are supplied as a convenience and service
to you. Use them at your own risk.
Do you sell my email address to any third party?
No.
Do you store cookies in my web browser?
By default, without your intervention, thesitewizard.com itself does not use cookies on its pages.
One of the site's advertisers, Google, uses cookies in the course of serving advertisements. You can
read more information about Google's use of cookies here.
On the pages where Google adverts
appear, I display a "This site uses cookies" notice. While I have tried my best to make sure that the notice obstructs
as little of the content as possible, I realize that if you are reading the articles on a small screen, even a brief notice
can use up valuable screen space, hampering your effort to read the page efficiently.
As such, if you click the "Close" button to get rid of the notice, thesitewizard.com saves that setting and remembers it
on its other pages, so as not to inconvenience you any further. The method provided by the web protocols/standards
to save settings is by storing a cookie. In other words, if you click the "Close" button, thesitewizard.com will
actually end up saving a cookie where previously it didn't.
That said, the cookie contains no personal information and cannot be used to track you. In fact, everyone
who clicks the "Close" button gets the exact same cookie. Specifically, the cookie only has the words
"user_wants_notice_gone=y". All pages on thesitewizard.com will obey that cookie and not display any notice
as long as the cookie exists. The cookie expires after 365 days, so if you come back to this site after a year,
you'll have to click the "Close" button again.
You are here:
Top >
Privacy Policy
thesitewizard™ News Feed (RSS Site Feed)
Do you find this article useful? You can learn of new articles and scripts that are published on
thesitewizard.com
by subscribing to the RSS feed. Simply point your RSS feed reader or a browser that supports RSS feeds at
https://www.thesitewizard.com/thesitewizard.xml.
You can read more about how to subscribe to
RSS site feeds from my RSS FAQ.
New Articles
How to Embed a Background Image in CSS to Get a Self-Contained Web Page
How to Create a Website Free of Charge
How to Restore the Style Properties Panel in BlueGriffon if It Disappears
How to Use Small Capital Letters for Lowercase and Large Capital Letters for Uppercase (CSS)
How to Change the Colour (Color) of Links on a Website with Expression Web
Why Can't I Make Up Any Domain I Want? Is There a Way to Do Away with a Registrar Altogether?
How to Add an Audio or Music File to a Web Page with BlueGriffon
What's the Difference Between a Domain Name Registrar and a Web Host?
How to Make a Mobile-Friendly Website: Responsive Design in CSS
What's the Difference Between a Content Management System (CMS), a Blog, a Web Editor and an Online Site Builder?
Popular Articles
How to Create a Blog
How to Make / Create a Website: The Beginner's A-Z Guide
Tips on Choosing a Good Domain Name
Expression Web Tutorial: How to Design a Website with Microsoft Expression Web
Dreamweaver Tutorial: How to Design a Website with Dreamweaver CS6
BlueGriffon Tutorial: How to Design a Website with BlueGriffon 3
How to Design and Publish Your Website with KompoZer (free WYSIWYG web editor)
Free Feedback/Contact Form Wizard
Copyright © 2000-2018 Christopher Heng. All rights reserved.
thesitewizard™, thefreecountry™ and HowToHaven™ are trademarks of Christopher Heng.
This page was last updated on 23 May 2018.
Search This Site
Home
Donate
Contact
Link to Us
No Spam Policy
Privacy Policy
Topics
Site Map
Getting Started
Web Design
Search Engines
Revenue Making
Domains
Web Hosting
Blogging
JavaScripts
PHP
Perl / CGI
HTML
CSS
.htaccess / Apache
Newsletters
General
Seasonal
Reviews
FAQs
Wizards
Find this site useful?
Please link to us.