http://www.tonsoftoner.com/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE.jpg
Your use of this site and the terms & conditions under which wewill provide our information, products, images or services to you.
Welcome to Tons of Toner.  Laser-Grafix, Inc and /or its affiliates (TONSofTONER.com) provide website featuresand other products, information and or services to you when you visit or shop at TONSofTONER.com, useTONSofTONER data or services, use TONSofTONER mobile applications in connection with any of the foregoing(collectively, TONSofTONER information, products & services).  TONSofTONER provides these information,products, and services subject to the following conditions.
A) CONTRACT TERMS - ACCEPTANCE OFHerein are the terms of a legal agreement between you and TONSofTONER.com / Laser-Grafix ("TONS"). Bybrowsing and/or accessing this site (&quot;Site&quot;), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, andagree, to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. exportand re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, DO NOT USE THIS SITE. Allmaterial provided to you on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, U.S. Copyright Law andinternational treaties. This site is operated and controlled by Tons from its offices within the United States.Tons makes no representation that the materials in this Site are appropriate or available for use in otherlocations, and access to these materials from territories where their contents are illegal is strictly prohibited.Those individuals who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and aresolely responsible for compliance with their applicable local laws. Any claim relating to, and the use of, thisSite and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the state of Arizona.
B) REVISIONS TO TERMS OF USEBy using or browsing this Site, you agree to be bound by any revisions to these Terms of Use, which Tonsmay, at any time, revise or update. To determine the current terms by which you are bound, it isrecommended that you periodically visit this page.
C) COPYRIGHT AND USE RESTRICTIONSUnless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this Site, including Site design, text, logos, graphics,and images including the selection, arrangement thereof, are the sole property of TONSofTONER.com("TONS").Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, transmitted, reproduced, distributed,posted, downloaded, displayed, or republished in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to,mechanical, electronic, recording, photocopying, scanning, or otherwise, without the prior written permissionof Tons or the copyright owner. Provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyrightand other proprietary notices contained in these materials, permission is granted to copy, display, download,and distribute the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only. This permission terminatesautomatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. You are required to immediately destroy anyprinted or downloaded materials upon termination. Any unauthorized use of any material contained in or onthis Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communicationsregulations and statutes.  Tons of Toner is a US registered trademark. All rights reserved. All other listedbrand / manufacturer names, trademarks, and logos are the property of their respective owners/holders.Tons of Toner is in no way affiliated, sponsored or endorsed by these trademark owners, their affiliates, or dealers.
D) DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS TO THE TONS OF TONER WEB SITETONS shall not under any circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, be liable for any direct,indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of profit, or data,arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this Site, even if TONS or a representative ofTONS has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You assume the costs thereof if your use of thematerials, information, or functionality of this Site results in the need for supplying, servicing, correction,or repair of equipment or data.
E) DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS TO PRODUCTS SOLDTons does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth herein, including any liability for products notbeing available for use. TONS will not be liable for lost profits, loss of business or other consequential,special, indirect, or punitive damages, even if TONS or a representative of Tons has been advised of thepossibility of such damages, or for any claim by any third party. Customer agrees that any liability related tothe purchase or attempted purchase of products, not liable or responsible for any amount ofdamages above the aggregate dollar amount paid by customer for the purchase(s) under this agreement.
F) ACCURACY OF INFORMATION AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORSProduct information and specifications have either been provided by manufacturers, distributors or otherindustry suppliers. TONSofTONER.com makes every effort to ensure that the material and pricing on this website is accurate; TONSofTONER.com makes no representations or warranties, expressed or implied as to theaccuracy or reliability of any information provided on this Web Site. In the event a product is listed at anincorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error or an error in pricing or productinformation received from our suppliers, TONSofTONER.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel anyorders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. TONSofTONER.com shall have the right to refuse orcancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If yourcredit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, TONSofTONER.com shallimmediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
G) ORDER ACCEPTANCE POLICYYour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation from TONSofTONER does not signify ouracceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. TONSofTONER reservesthe right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. TONSofTONERreserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply lessthan the quantity you ordered of any item. Orders placed over $1500.00 (U.S.) must obtain pre-approvalwith an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and fraud department. We mayrequire additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
H) LINKSThe TONSofTONER.com site may contain links to other internet sites, which are owned or operated by other3rd parties. You acknowledge that TONSofTONER.com is not responsible for the content and/or operation ofany such site which it may be linked to.
I) PRIVACYPlease review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of TONSofTONER, to understand our practices.
Other Policies
A) SHIPPING PROCEDURESAll shipments are based upon stock availability. All in-stock items can be shipped Ground, 2nd Day Air, orNext-Day Saver. Same-day shipping is available on any in-stock item on all orders placed by 4:00pm PacificStandard Time, Mon-Fri (some restrictions may apply). We do not ship on Saturday or Sunday. We cannotdeliver to PO Boxes due to shipper restrictions. We do not ship outside of the United States at this time. Wedo not ship to freight-forwarding companies.
B) TAXTONSOFTONER is located in the State of Arizona and is only obligated to withhold 8.8% sales taxfor delivery within this state unless you are tax exempt. You will not be charged tax if you live outside of Arizona.Tax may need to be charged on some shipments to Florida or Californina which we would let you know beforehand.
C) TECHNICAL SUPPORTAny tech support questions beyond the content provided in this site should be directed to the manufacturerin accordance with their terms and conditions.
D) BACKORDERSIf an order is placed for any item not in stock, TONSOFTONER will place the item on backorder andwill be shipped when the item becomes available via Ground shipping. A backorder may be cancelled at anytime prior to shipping by contacting us via E-mail: custsrv@tonsoftoner.com provided it was not a special-order item(s).
E) TRADEMARKSTons of Toner is a US registered trademark of Laser Grafix, Inc. All rights reserved.   Use of this trademark isforbidden unless written permission has been given by Laser-Grafix, Inc.  All other listed brand / manufacturernames, trademarks, and logos are the property of their respective owners/holders. Tons of Toner is in no wayaffiliated, sponsored or endorsed by these trademark owners, their affiliates, or dealers.
F) PAYMENT METHODTONSOFTONER accepts the following major credit cards - MasterCard, Visa, American Express,and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make a purchase. Your credit card will bebilled upon processing of order. Please provide the exact billing address and telephone number your creditcard bank has on file for you. Incorrect information may delay your order. Customers on net termsacknowledge that TONSOFTONER may charge the credit card they placed on file to receive terms if theiropen balances become past due and we have not received payment.
G) DISCLAIMERSeller hereby expressly disclaims all warranties either expressed or implied warranty of merchantability orfitness for a particular purpose. This disclaimer by the seller in no way affects the terms of themanufacturers warranty, if any. TONSOFTONER is not responsible for typographical errors in anypricing columns; prices are subject to change without notice. TONSOFTONER will not be held responsiblefor any errors with respect to information concerning ordered products and will not be liable for incidental,consequential or special damages.