https://www.xfinity.com/privacy/manage-preference
Your personal information,in your hands
The California Consumer Privacy Act requires companies to include certain disclosures including "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" links on their websites and mobile applications. We do not sell information that identifies who you are to anyone. You have always been able to opt out of certain sharing. Now we're making it even easier to manage and set your preferences.Please visit our Privacy Policy anytime to learn more about our privacy practices. There, California residents can also read about their rights.
Account Based Choices
When you subscribe to our Services, information linked to your account may be used or shared to conduct audience measurement, perform analytics, or deliver personalized advertising.  You can set your preferences by logging in to your account.Opt out of all You can opt out of all the activties described here through a single click or manage individually with the choose your preference button below.
Choose Your Preferences
Audience Measurement
Choose whether to be counted in external video ratings reports.
Digital Advertising
Choose whether some of the ads we provide on our websites and mobile apps are personalized based on your interests.
Video Advertising
Choose whether some of the ads you see in your video programming are personalized based on your interests.
Affiliate Sharing
Choose whether we share household level information with other companies within the Comcast family of businesses.
Device-Based Choices
Our sites and applications use cookies and other technologies that collect information from your device.  You control how we and online platforms use this information for advertising and online analytics through your device settings or directly with these other platforms and services.
Interest-Based Advertising
Set your preferences for how advertisers customize the ads you see on this device.
Set Preferences
Social Media
You can set your social media account settings to opt out of some of the advertising we participate in by visiting these opt-out pages:
Facebook’s Privacy Policy
Facebook’s Opt Out Page
Analytics
You can use your browser controls or go directly to our providers to disable third party analytics on this device:
Google's Privacy Policy
Google Analytic’s Opt Out
Communications from Xfinity
You're in control of your Xfinity communications. Let us know the best way to contact you, and whether you'd like to opt out of any communications.
Calls, SMS, Mail Advertising, and
In-Person Solicitation
Manage the way we contact you with marketing offers.
View Settings
Marketing and Special Offer Emails
Decide what email marketing you’d like to receive.
Set Email Marketing Preferences
Want to know more about the companies that collect and sell information about you?
We may obtain information about
you from other companies, sometimes called “data brokers.” When you opt out of our use or sharing of your information, it does not opt you out of the use or sharing by these other companies. To learn more about the companies that may provide us with this information and opt out of their use and sharing, visit California's or Vermont's data broker registries anytime.
We're here to help
We’re on hand with tips, tricks, and advice anytime.
Visit our online help center
Easily find help and support articles.
Learn More
Xfinity Assistant
Get 24/7 help with any questions you have.
Ask Xfinity