http://www.siebel.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html#adchoices
Oracle Siebel Applications | Oracle
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Digital Transformation
The world’s leading organizations use Siebel CRM to achieve their digital transformation goals. Siebel CRM is a key component of Oracle’s CX product suite, with a rich product roadmap.
Contact us
Applications
Siebel CRM
Overview
Products
Resources
Run Siebel CRM in the cloud
Unlock the Potential
Siebel CRM Transformation
Innovate Faster with Siebel CRM in the Cloud
You can now run Siebel CRM on a cloud platform. Oracle Cloud enables you to reimagine your business, improve agility, and reduce TCO.
Share this
Read the white paper (PDF)
Oracle’s Investment in Continuous Innovation Delivery
Find out how you can take advantage of the continuous Siebel CRM updates model and become more agile.
Share this
Read the blog
Deliver Great User Experiences
Create user experiences tailored exactly to your business needs with Siebel Open UI.
Share this
Read the white paper (PDF)
See more Siebel resources
Key Information
Featured Resources
Video
Find out how Oracle Support helps you maximize the value of Siebel CRM and adopt the latest innovations.
Portal
Get the latest details about new Siebel CRM releases. (requires access to MOS).
Community
Discover how you can become part of the Siebel CRM community and join our Customer Advisory Board.
Webcasts
Watch our webcast series to learn all about the latest releases of Siebel CRM.
See more Siebel resources
Stay Connected
The Siebel CRM blog is the first place to find out about the latest announcements. Learn about our product capabilities, the latest advances in our technology, customer successes, and more.
Siebel CRM blog
Customer Success
Urban Mobility with Siebel CRM
General Motors
General Motors is in a period of hyper-innovation following major disruption in the industry. Siebel CRM is at the heart of their modern architecture for an omni-channel solution covering all aspects of urban mobility.
Read the story
Sberbank Gains Agility with Siebel CRM
Sberbank
Siebel CRM is playing a pivotal role in the digital transformation strategy of the largest bank in Russia. Leveraging Siebel CRM capabilities including omnichannel marketing, artificial intelligence (AI), paperless processes, and extended security, Sberbank is providing modern banking services to its customers, supporting 11 million call center enquiries and more than 50 million client office visits per month.
Read the story
American Airlines Improves Customer Loyalty with Siebel CRM
American Airlines
American Airlines, one of the world's largest airlines, powers its AAdvantage program with Siebel Loyalty Management. Serving more than 100 million accounts, AAdvantage includes a call center and real-time services. A streamlined and intuitive UX has reduced clicks by 50 percent.
Read the story
Canon Europe Powers Preventative Maintenance with Siebel CRM
Canon Europe
Canon Europe uses Siebel CRM for all of their call center and field service operations. The company also implemented an automated solution for preventive maintenance of printers that has saved them millions of dollars. Tight integration with Oracle Policy Automation (OPA) simplifies the Internet of Things (IoT) integration from their connected printers.
Read the story
Spark Provides Continuous Delivery with Siebel CRM
Spark
Spark is the largest telecommunications company in New Zealand combining fixed line, broadband, and mobile services. Spark excels in agility with frequent deployments, monthly application updates, with automated regression testing and application migration.
Read the story
Siebel CRM powering the largest worldwide Dealer Management system
Indian Oil
India's largest company, Fortune 500, serving 1/3rd of the Indian population across 46,000 Dealer touch points. Siebel CRM is powering the largest worldwide Dealer Management system enhancing CX and providing a 360 view of the customer.
Read the story
World class financial services company has chosen Oracle for digital transformation
Westpac
Westpac has chosen Oracle for digital transformation as they move to become a world class financial services company. Oracle’s Siebel CRM and Oracle Customer Hub solution enables faster time to value and lower delivery risk.
Read the story
Remarkable business results, increasing both customer engagement and profitability from a successful digital transformation program
Emirates NBD
Emirates NBD Bank established a strategic vision and digital transformation program. Five years later, the bank has achieved remarkable business results, increasing both customer engagement and profitability. Siebel CRM provides a full customer 360 view across 14 different systems and 64% of processes are fully automated (Straight Though Process automations).
Read the story
Siebel CRM Communications chosen as the solution for CX and digital transformation in the largest IT project in Croatia
Croatia Telecom
Croatia Telecom has chosen Oracle and Siebel CRM Communications as the solution for CX and digital transformation. To optimize internal processes and IT systems in what is the largest IT project in Croatia.
Read the story
Extend Siebel CRM with Oracle Cloud
Connected, Intelligent CX. Improved Agility.
I need to meet skyrocketing customer expectations.
Explore Oracle Customer Experience Cloud solutions
I want to innovate and respond faster to the competition.
Accelerate innovation. Discover Oracle Cloud Platform services.
I want to reduce costs and improve agility.
Move your Siebel CRM applications to Oracle Cloud Platform.
Why CX Matters
Modern consumers demand seamless, personalized, and immediate experiences. With the Oracle CX Cloud suite of applications you can augment your Siebel CRM application with best-of-breed CX applications so you can meet—and exceed—skyrocketing expectations.
Learn more
Rapid Innovation and Intelligent Insights
Oracle Cloud Platform is a comprehensive, standards-based combination of Oracle and open source technologies that enable you to more efficiently build, deploy, integrate, secure, and manage all your enterprise applications. Oracle Cloud Platform is optimized for hybrid environments. These are just some of the services that can enhance Siebel CRM: content, mobile, AI, chatbots, analytics, and integration.
Learn more
Run Siebel CRM in the Cloud
Move your Siebel CRM applications to Oracle Cloud Platform.
b) Siebel CRM is now made available on Oracle Public Cloud. You can leverage existing licenses and run Siebel CRM without further capital expenditure outlay, switching to an operating expense cost model. So no more extensive hardware upgrades—simply pay for what you use.
Learn more
Trending
What’s New with Siebel CRM
Get Started
Run Siebel CRM in the cloud
Read our blog
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers