https://www.domainmonger.com/privacy-policy/
Premium Hosting - Awesome Service! Webmail
Domains
Login
Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
This Privacy and Security Policy governs the manner in which Domainmonger Inc, collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this Web site (each, a “User” ).
Privacy
Users’ privacy is very important to Domainmonger. Domainmonger is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to Domainmonger. This Web site is not directed at children under 13 years of age.
The Information We Collect
Domainmonger may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Domainmonger may also collect information about how Users use our Web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Users originate. We may use “cookies” to track how Users use our Web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users’ PC and use to identify the User should they visit the Web site again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our Web site.
How We Use Information
Domainmonger may use personally identifiable information collected through our Web site to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Domainmonger and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Users’ experience with Domainmonger and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. Domainmonger may also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of Domainmonger, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Disclosure of Information
Domainmonger may disclose information collected from Users to trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above. We may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Finally, we may transfer information collected from Users in connection with a sale of Domainmonger’s business.
Maintenance of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure. Users may update and modify their information by visiting http://manage.domainmonger.com/pref.html
Questions
Please direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by email to support@domainmonger.com
Follow us on
Address:11690 Broadview WaySandy, UT, 84092
Phone:800.939.0079
Email:Support
Domainmonger © 2020 - All rights reserved 						Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy