http://www.petefinnigan.com/services/policy_development.htm
PoliciesHome/Policies
Oracle Security Policy Development
PeteFinnigan.com Limited offer an Oracle security policy development service to clients and customers. Policies can take any
number of forms and can span small areas (such as database authentication) or larger areas such as an Oracle database hardening
guide. Policies can also take varied forms such as the more traditional documents, policies for commercial database security
scanners or SQL and PL/SQL check scripts, or even custom development. PeteFinnigan.com Limited has experience in all of these areas.
We have extensive experience in creating many types of Oracle security related policies for many customers. These range from:
Oracle Security Policy
Oracle basline standards
Oracle lockdown stanards
Scripts and policies for commercial tools such as PFCLScan
Audit trail policy or high level designs
Change control policy
Incident response and breach policy for the Oracle database
How Does This Service Work?
We follow the same basic process when helping customers design and write security policies related to their Oracle databases. These
steps can be laid out as follows:
We hold an initial meeting with the client to understand their budget and their goals and to discuss the initial layout and
structure of the policy and its style. This initial meeting allows us to then develop and scope a policy that can be acheived
and fully implemented in every database.
We need the clients input to thge proposed list of measures at a high level sentence based approach - for instance for an
Oracle database security policy - the client may wish to include company wide assess and use controls. Perhaps the client is
also interested to include measures to control DBA access to the database. The clients initial list can be supplied to us as
an email or document.
We next prepare a draft of the events or countermeasures that will be in the policy (dependant on the policy type of course).
including the clients requests and also our controls that are influenced by our intial meetings. Our aim is to create a policy
that is pragmatic and completely implementable. We firmly beleive that there is no point in creating a policy that is impossible
to implement and measure against.
We supply a draft copy of the policy for the client to pre-read.
We next have a meeting with the clients security team and management and the relevant team that will implement the policy
(This may be DBAs internally or external contractors or even developers for some policies). We walk through the policy and
discuss each countermeasure to make sure everyone understands them and that they are sufficient to increase the security level
of the systems the policy relates to and also that they are fully implementable and the team agrees that this is the case
Any final changes and ammendments are made by us to the policy
The policy is handed over and signed off
The implementation team should now fully implement the policy in a small test group of databases to ensure that it acheives
what is intended and that it can be implemented fully. PeteFinnigan.com Limited can also help with this phase in terms of helping
define and roll out measures and creating proof of concepts.
Next Steps
Please email info@petefinnigan.com to book this service, to discuss your individual
requirements, to get more details or to discuss partnering with PeteFinnigan.com Limited. We will be pleased to hear from you.
PFCLScan
Simply connect PFCLScan to your Oracle database and
it will automatically discover the security issues that could make your Oracle
database vulnerable to attack and to the potential loss of your data.
Learn more
PFCLCode
PFCLCode is a tool to allow you to analyse your PL/SQL code for many different types of security issues.
PFCLCode gives you a detailed review and reports and includes a powerful colour syntax highlighting code editor
Learn more
PFCLObfuscate
PFCLObfuscate is the only tool available that can automatically add license controls to your PL/SQL code. PFCLObfuscate
protects your Intellectual Property invested in your PL/SQL database code.
Learn more
PFCLForensics
PFCLForensics is the only tool available to allow you to do a detailed live response of a breached Oracle database and
to then go on and do a detailed forensic analysis of the data gathered.
Learn more
PFCLUserRights
PFCLUserRights allows you to create a very detailed view of database users rights. The focus of
the reports is to allow you to decide what privileges and accounts to keep and which to remove.
Learn more
PFCLATK
PFCLATK is a toolkit that allows detailed pre-defined policy driven audit trails for your Oracle
database. The toolkit also provides for a centralised audit trail and centralised activity reporting
Learn more
PFCLTraining
PFCLTraining is a set of expert training classes for you, aimed at teaching how to audit your own Oracle database,
design audit trails, secure code in PL/SQL and secure and lock down your Oracle database.
Learn more
PFCLServices
Choose PFCLServices to add PeteFinnigan.com Ltd to your team for your Oracle Security needs. We are
experts in performing detailed security audits, data security design work and policy creation
Learn more