http://www.clipperz.com/terms_service/
Features
Security
Open source
Blog
About
Acceptance of Terms
By using the clipperz.is web sites and services (the “Service”) provided by the Italian corporation Clipperz Srl (“Clipperz”), you are agreeing to be bound by the following Terms which, together with our Privacy Policy, governs our relationship with you in relation to the site. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the site.
Basically, by using Clipperz you agree to all the terms below.
Description of the Service
Clipperz provides you with tools to securely encrypt, store, retrieve and share confidential information which may be accessed through a browser or any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed.
Your information are organized in coherent sets of data called cards. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your cards. Encrypted cards are stored on Clipperz servers. Decrypted cards are never sent or stored on Clipperz servers.
You understand and agree that the Service is provided “as-is” and that Clipperz assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user data or personalization settings.
Basically, Clipperz is an online digital vault and password manager that knows nothing about you and your data.
Account registration and subscriptions to paid plans
You will select a username and a passphrase upon completing the Service’s registration process. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the passphrase and for all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify Clipperz of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
Warning: Clipperz is not aware of your username and passphrase and is unable to access/change/reset/revoke your passphrase or to generate a new passphrase for you. If you forget or lose the passphrase, it is not possible to decrypt already existing encrypted cards, this means, that your data is lost forever.
The service remains free of charge to all users that created their accounts before paid plans were introduced.
User conduct
You agree to not use the Service to:
upload or otherwise make available any content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
upload or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights (“Rights”) of any party;
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
You also agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interfaces that are provided by Clipperz for use in accessing the Service.
Basically, be reasonable and responsible, don’t do anything stupid and you’ll be fine.
Release and indemnity
You hereby expressly and irrevocably release and forever discharge Clipperz, its affiliated and associated companies, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, independent and dependent contractors, licensees, successors and assigns of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, liability, debts, judgments, claims and demands whatsoever in law or equity which you ever had, now have, or hereafter can, shall or may have, for or by reason of, or arising directly or indirectly out of your use of the Site and the Services.
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Clipperz, its affiliated and associated companies, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, independent and dependent contractors, licensees, successors and assigns from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from or arising out of (i) a breach of these Terms, (ii) content posted on Clipperz websites, (iii) the use of the Service, by you or any person using your account, or (iv) any violation of any rights of a third party.
Basically, we are not liable if something goes really wrong. Always have a backup of your data!
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Clipperz be liable under contract, tort, strict liability, negligence or other Legal theory with respect to the site, the service or any content for any lost profits or for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever.
Basically, again we are not liable.
Trademarks and copyrights
Clipperz, clipperz.is and other Clipperz graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Clipperz Srl. Clipperz’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Clipperz.
Clipperz-originated content such as text, graphics, logos, data compilations, APIs, software and the compilation of all content on the Clipperz websites, is the property of Clipperz and its licensors and protected by Italian and international copyright laws. Unless explicitly stated, no reproduction of any Clipperz-originated content is permitted without permission from Clipperz.
Basically, please respect our trademarks, brands and content.
Cancellation and termination
You are solely responsible for properly canceling your account. You can cancel your account at any time through the service web interface that provides a simple no questions asked cancellation link. All your cards will be immediately deleted from the Service upon cancellation. This information can not be recovered once your account is cancelled.
If you cancel the Service before the end of your current paid up period, your cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be refunded for the unused period. If you subscription expires we will freeze your login credentials and cards until you ask to delete them or renew the paid subscription.
Basically, you can stop using your account or close it at any time.
Changes to these terms
Clipperz reserves the right to update and change the Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
If we make any significant changes, we will notify you by posting a notice of such changes on all available communication channels (blog, forum, twitter, application login page, …).
Basically, if these terms of use change, we will do our best to let you know, but consider we ignore who you are …
Feedback
These Terms were written by Marco and Giulio, founders of Clipperz and inspired by awesome 500px terms of use. We are not lawyers. If you have any questions, suggestions or concerns, please contact us.
Clipperz reloaded
Clipperz is returning to be "just" a great free password managerRead more …
Make a donation
If you like Clipperz, its openness and its view of cryptography as a powerful tool for liberty, then you may consider making a donation.Send your donation now!
From the blog
Moved
Moving schedule
Moving …
Updates.
Boringly reliable; almost.
Get the RSS feed
Latest tweets from @clipperz
Follow us on TwitterNews about web crypto, privacy, security and Clipperz service updates.
Forum
Go to Clipperz forum
Github repos
Clipperz password manager
Clipperz Javascript Crypto Library
Features
Security
Open source
Blog
About