http://www.cotse.net/privacy/onlinespeech.htm
APacketdermLLCService
FREEDOM OF SPEECH: ONLINE
Speaking your mind online can subject you to risks. Assuming you can
even publish and that your statements aren't censored or filtered.
For freedom of speech news stories involving children or students,
see those sections of Privacy Watch.
Blogs vs. the law: A showdown about third party commentary
"The Wild West days of the Internet's digital frontier could be tamed, as bloggers await the outcome of a lawsuit in which one of their own was sued for comments posted on his Web log or "blog.""
Full story - Post-Gazette
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Oct
5 08:44:36 EDT 2005
Good luck trying to police online speech (analysis)
"... I read with interest the three sedition cases in Singapore where two bloggers allegedly posted racist comments while another is accused of making a racist posting in an online forum."
Full story - ChannelNewsAsia
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Oct
5 08:43:51 EDT 2005
Saudi agency blocks access to blogger.com
"Reporters Without Borders today called on the Internet Services Unit (ISU), the agency that manages Web filtering in Saudi Arabia, to explain why the weblog creation and hosting service blogger.com has been made inaccessible since 3 October, preventing Saudi bloggers from updating their blogs."
Full story - Reporters Without Borders (RSF)
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Oct
5 08:39:37 EDT 2005
China shuts down Web sites in crackdown
"Chinese authorities have shut down an online discussion forum that reported on anti-corruption protests in a village in the country's south as well as a Web site serving ethnic Mongolians, overseas monitors said Tuesday.
China routinely shuts down or blocks Web sites that operate outside of government control, but the issue has received heightened international attention in recent weeks with the publication of new rules aimed at stifling online dissent."
Full story - Macon.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Oct
4 12:23:06 EDT 2005
The 11 commandments of the Internet in China
""You shall not spread rumours", "You shall not damage state security", "You shall not destroy the country's reputation". There are just three of the 11 commandments ordered by Beijing, on 25 September, aimed at bloggers and websites managers. Reporters Without Borders expressed concern at this latest turn of the screw in an ongoing crackdown on freedom of expression."
Full story -
Reporters Without Borders (RSF)
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 15:06:39 EDT 2005
Bloggers Face the Law
"... if the author is anonymous, who is left to blame? There's precious little legal precedent in the blogosphere, but some blog publishers recently have been finding themselves held accountable for content written by others."
Full story -
Red Herring
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 24 10:34:09 EDT 2005
Seven-year prison sentence for journalist Zheng Yichun puts his life in danger
"Reporters Without Borders voiced alarm at a seven-year-prison sentence imposed on journalist Zheng Yichun on 22 September 2005 by a court in Yingkou in northern China following his conviction two months ago for "incitement to subversion.""
Full story -
Reporters Without Borders (RSF)
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 23 18:14:37 EDT 2005
Political Bloggers Demand Speech Freedoms
"Political bloggers who offer diverse views on Republicans and Democrats, war and peace argued on Thursday that they should be free of government regulation.
The notion was echoed by some members of the government agency trying to write rules covering the Internet's reach in political campaigns."
Full story - TBO
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 22 17:02:29 EDT 2005
Create your own blog, remain anonymous and get round censorship !
"... Bloggers are often the only real journalists in countries where the mainstream media is censored or under pressure. Only they provide independent news, at the risk of displeasing the government and sometimes courting arrest."
Full story - Reporters Without Borders (RSF)
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 22 11:49:57 EDT 2005
Other resources on FREEDOM OF SPEECH: ONLINE:
Handbook for Bloggers and Cyber-dissidents (Reporters without Borders)
EFF Legal Guide for Bloggers
"How to Blog Safely (About Work or Anything Else),"
EFF Blue Ribbon Campaign for free speech online
Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Inside Look at China's Filters
OSCE: The Media Freedom Internet Cookbook
Beacon for Freedom of Expression
The Chilling Effects Clearinghouse
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.