https://www.digitalcanvas.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Effective on January 27, 2014
This privacy statement describes how Digital Canvas collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: digitalcanvas.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
Financial Information such as bank or brokerage account numbers, types of investments
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
Preferences Information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited.
We also collect the following information from you:
Demographic information such as household income, age, education, gender, interests, and zip code
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Improve our Web site and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Respond to your questions and concerns
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at support@digitalcanvas.com.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
We obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as the US Postal Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if Digital Canvas is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Tracking Technologies
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here: http://preferences.truste.com. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you provide sensitive information (such as a credit card number) to us, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at support@digitalcanvas.com
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at support@digitalcanvas.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other Information
Our Web site includes third party hosted widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide single-purpose services (e.g. sharing of articles, videos, etc.). Personal information, like your email address, may be collected and cookies may be set so the widget can work properly. The information through the widget is subject to the widget provider’s privacy policy
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at support@digitalcanvas.com.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Feedback
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
Digital Canvas
PO Box 2941
Antioch, CA 94531-2941
US
Email: support@digitalcanvas.com
Phone: (925) 706-1700