http://www.intermedia.net/solutions/legal-services
Remote Work Success Kit
Workplace Communications
Data Vulnerability
Unreliable Voice Networks
Ransomware
High Phone Bills
Intermedia’s Worry-Free Experience™
Business Innovators
Customer Stories
Partner Stories
Industry Solutions
Reports on IT Issues
HostPilot® by Intermedia
support
Support Home
Knowledge Center
Support Home
Knowledge Center
About Us
Who We Are
News & Awards
Analysts
Careers
Vulnerability Disclosure
Legal
Contact Us
Blog
Who We Are
News & Awards
Analysts
Careers
Vulnerability Disclosure
Legal
Contact Us
Blog
Partners
Overview
Partnership Models
Overview
Partnership Models
Find local reseller
Request a Quote
Cloud IT for legal firms
Secure, reliable email, file sharing, voice and essential IT services to maximize productivity while helping to assure client confidentiality.
Menu
Call Sales800-379-7729
Request A Quote
IT Challenges
Intermedia’s Solution
Plan
Resources
Responsiveness and agility are key for legal firms
You need to be innovative and agile in the face of tough competition. Your clients expect superlative responsiveness, efficiency and cost-effectiveness. To meet the security and regulatory requirements of your clients, you need IT tools that help you to communicate and collaborate, and support American Bar Association (ABA) best practices for protecting email and files.
In addition, your tools need to be reliable: the cost of downtime for a 30-person law firm can be over $100,000 a day.
Email Archiving saves Wai and Connor attorneys time finding emails
Established in 1997, Wai and Connor is a leading law firm specializing in the defense of workers’ compensation matters for both self-insured employers and insurance companies. It represents some of the most respected businesses and insurance companies in Southern California. In fact, several o...
Read the full case study
Intermedia gives you security and privacy controls for protecting attorney-client confidential correspondence
Our Compliance and Security plan includes high security email, file sharing and web application security tools that increase productivity, project a high degree of technical competence and also conform to the security and regulatory requirements of different client industries.
Complying with legal industry regulations
Intermedia strives to ensure compliance with the key regulations that impact legal firms.
Learn how we comply with regulations
Protecting your privacy
At Intermedia, "private" means private. We're committed to protecting the privacy of your data and making sure you control how and where it's used.
Learn more about data privacy
Securing your data
In today's volatile security climate, we take an active approach to making sure your data is protected from threats.
Learn how we secure your data
Intermedia cloud business applications for legal services organizations
The services in our Compliance and Security plan offer security and privacy controls to help protect client attorney confidentiality and support client industry regulations including finance and healthcare. In addition to the services included in this plan, we recommend you consider adding Intermedia Unite, upgraded SecuriSync storage capacity and Contact Center.
Exchange Email
Help drive employee productivity with mobile-ready, business-grade email, calendars, and contacts. Learn more
Intermedia Email Protection
Keep your business safe from known and emerging email threats. Learn more
Email Archiving
Intermedia’s Email Archiving helps keep your email securely archived and easily accessible using HostPilot, our central control panel. It helps provide the preservation, protection and restoration features that your business needs to help safeguard intellectual property, facilitate compliance, and speed eDiscovery. Learn more
Email Encryption
Email Encryption from Intermedia is an easy way to encrypt outgoing emails across your organization. You determine which regulations affect your business and which user accounts you need to control. We host and manage the hardware and software to enable the encryption/decryption process and manage digital identities. Learn more
SecuriSync File Backup and Sharing
SecuriSync® offers simple, secure, cloud-based backup with file sharing along with advanced anti-malware and antivirus protection from Bitdefender. You can even share the most current version of your files with people who don’t have SecuriSync installed. SecuriSync also boosts mobility by keeping files and folders backed up, up-to-date and accessible through Mac®, Windows®, iPhone®, iPad®, Android™ devices, on your desktop, or through a web browser. Learn more
Intermedia Unite
Intermedia Unite is a business phone system that enables workers to be more mobile, more productive and share ideas and content through a single system. Combining business phone service with team chat, video conferencing, file collaboration, mobility, and more, Unite makes it easy to get work done wherever you are, on all your favorite devices. Learn More
Intermedia Contact Center
Intermedia Contact Center improves customer interactions for businesses of all sizes. With customizable call flows and exceptional QA features to help ensure more efficient interactions, Contact Center combines voice, chat, and email queues into a single omni-channel experience. You get real-time customer insights and deep historical reporting to help drive improved future interaction. And dynamic notifications extend reach while respecting audience preference. Learn More
Resources you should read
Case Study
Email Archiving saves Wai and Connor attorneys time finding emails
View case study
Whitepaper
A Guide to Security and Privacy in a Exchange Email Environment
Read whitepaper
Let’s get started
Request A Quote
View Plans
RESOURCES
ALL RESOURCES
451 Research on SecuriSync's 2-in-1 Backup & File Sharing Functionality
Read this report for 451 Research's take on SecuriSync's position as a 2-in-1 Backup and File Sharing service, and its appeal to enterprise buyers.
A Guide to Security and Privacy in a Exchange Email Environment
As you consider hosted Exchange providers or even on-premises deployments, it’s critical to look beyond functionality and pricing to elements such as onboarding, support, back-end architecture and—perhaps most importantly—security.
Latest Blog Posts
November 18											New
Intermedia Debuts Easy-IVR: An Intuitive, Simple Way to Optimize Customer Interactions
November 02											New
Is Your Organization Properly Equipped to Enable Work Collaboration?
October 29											New
On-Premise Phone Systems vs. Cloud Phone Systems: Which is Best Suited for Your Business?