http://www.softandco.com/privacy.php
Submit SoftwareLoginAdvertiseContactPrivacy Policy
Privacy statement
We respect your privacy! Any and all information collected at this site will be kept
strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.
Any information you give to www.softandco.com will be held with the utmost care,
and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
We does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information
collected at our site, including membership forms or email lists.
Browser information collected on the website:
We analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of
the materials available on website. Our website logs are not personally
identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals
that actually browse the site.
Use of cookies:
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from
a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. www.softandco.com uses non-identifying
cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use our site
if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data and
do not read personal data from your machine.
Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission
for them to set cookies for advertising.
Third Party Advertising
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by
Google Adsense and Fastclick, our Web advertising partners.
These companies may be placing and reading cookies on your browser,
or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on thid website.
Please check their websites for respective privacy policies:
Google privacy policy
Fastclick privacy policy
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
you can visit http://networkadvertising.org
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit
http://networkadvertising.org.
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit
http://www.valueclickmedia.com
Most Popular DownloadInternet Download Manager 5.12.7 Fotoshop 3.01KaZaA Lite K++ 2.4.3Tetris 1.64ACDSee 9.0.108-enBomber Man 1.2Tweak-XP 4.0.1DWG Viewer 3.06Messenger Plus 1.1.4Ms. Pacman 1.1What is the matrix screensaver 3.2TOAD 6.3.7.1Easy Video Splitter 1.01TFTP Server 8.0WinProxy 4.0jNew softwareKingo Android ROOT 1.0.9USB over Ethernet Connector 6.0TCP COM Bridge 1.5.0.1001DataNumen PDF Repair 2.1Graphics Converter Pro 2013 3.20.130330GStock Photo Microstock Management 1.1CorelDraw Restore Toolbox 1.0.0DataNumen BKF Repair 2.2DataNumen DBF Repair 2.0Softtote Mac Photo Recovery 2.5.5
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 www.softandco.com. All rigths reserved. Privacy plolicy Submit Software Advertise