https://www.tartanthemes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy | Tartan Tech Blog
Home
Our Mission
E-commerce
Automotive
Web Hosting
Privacy
Terms
Drop Us A Line
Navigation
Follow Us
Pages
Drop Us A Line
Our Mission
Privacy
Terms
Web Hosting
Tagsalarms
alkaline
alkaline art
Apps
best studio monitor
buying a studio monitor
cameras
Castle Clash Cheats
Castle Clash Hack
chair
Desktop
Development
Doorbell
e-bike
e-shopping
ecosystem. bike
electricity
Finance
Gadget
Games Hacks
gaming
gaming chair
homes
ID printing
Internet
IT
Laptops
music
online
Outsourced
Printing
security
Service
Service. Cost
Services
shopping
Software
staff ID
studio monitor
Tech
Technology
tips
water
web design
Website
Recent Posts
Common Use Cases of Online Booking API
Best rear view mirror camera buying guide
Benefits of online phone directory
Factors to consider when choosing a file hosting company
Finding the best music production software
Doorbells – Still an important part of our home
How to get the best IT service provider for small businesses
Best Tips When Choosing Gaming Chairs
Factors to consider when buying studio monitors
Reasons To Hire App Development Company
Tips When Choosing A Web Design Company
Reasons To Use Castle Clash Hack
The best features of a Laptop’s external display
5 important considerations when shopping for hoverboards
Top security tips for homes
Qualities to Look For in an ID Card Printing Service
What are the considerations when hiring outsourced IT services
Five Benefits of Drinking Alkaline Water
Advantages of electric bikes
Tips for shopping online
What To Look for When Buying a Laptop
Categories
Automotive
E-commerce
Equipment
File hosting
Finance
Gadgets
Gaming
Gaming Chair
Music
Printing
Security
Software
Tech
Uncategorized
Web Design
Privacy
Privacy Policy:Raymond Chandler ("Raymond") operates https://www.tartanthemes.com and may operate other websites. It is Raymond Chandler policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Raymond collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Raymond Chandler purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Raymond Chandler visitors use its website. From time to time, Raymond may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Raymond also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.tartanthemes.com blogs/sites. Raymond only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Raymond Chandler websites choose to interact with Raymond in ways that require Raymond to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Raymond gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at https://www.tartanthemes.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Raymond are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Raymond collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Raymond. Raymond does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Raymond may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Raymond may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Raymond does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Raymond discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Raymond Chandler behalf or to provide services available at Raymond Chandler websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Raymond Chandler websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Raymond will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Raymond discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Raymond believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Raymond, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Raymond website and have supplied your email address, Raymond may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Raymond and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Raymond takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Raymond uses cookies to help Raymond identify and track visitors, their usage of Raymond website, and their website access preferences. Raymond visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Raymond Chandler websites, with the drawback that certain features of Raymond Chandler websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Raymond, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Raymond goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Raymond may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Raymond and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Raymond may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Raymond Chandler sole discretion. Raymond encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://www.tartanthemes.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Share This:
Pages
Drop Us A Line
Our Mission
Privacy
Terms
Web Hosting
October 2020
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
« Sep
123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031