http://www.webadvertising.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Values
Values
Our story
Who's chosen WEB
3 good reasons to hire WEB
WEBs' approach
Founder, Andy Adamson
What WEB Do
Design
User Experience
Technology
Conversion Optimisation
Work
City Psychology Group
Own Label Company
St Mary's Music School
121 Shoes
Kokoro Gin
Manchester International Festival
Our Story
WEBs' approach
Who's chosen WEB
Reasons to hire WEB
Founder Andy Adamson
Law Firm Essential Guide to Website Design
Introduction
How to start a law firm website redesign
Know your potential clients
Understanding your potential clients intent
How to improve the look of your website
Create clear messages
How visitors flow through your website
Easy to use technology
Make your website accessible
What content should you have on your website
How to encourage website visitors to complete an action
How to make your website easy to use
How to keep your website relevant
How to find new clients online
Build trustworthiness through your website
How to use Chatbots
News
Contact
Send us your brief
Got any questions?
Make an appointment
Careers at WEB
ASP.NET, C# .NET Web Developer
We hope that you enjoy using our site. We’ve prepared this Privacy Notice to help you better understand and to feel more confident about how we use your personal data here at: WEB.
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us at: info@madewithweb.com
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Notice is where we explain to you what personal information is collected when you visit our site, how it is collected, how we may use that information, where we store it, how long we store it for, and how we protect it. We will also explain your rights in relation to your personal information.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY NOTICE GOVERNS
This Privacy Notice applies to our website www.madewithweb.com and any other services that we may provide to you through our site.
In the context of this Privacy Notice "personal information" means information which, on its own or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you, in particular by reference to an identifier such as your name, your address, or location data.
This Privacy Notice will govern how we may use that personal information.
Because we are a business located in Scotland the personal information that you give us or that we collect from you will be held under United Kingdom data protection legislation, the General Data Protection Regulation / GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 / DPA (but we’ll just refer to this as "the legislation"). The legislation requires that we tell you that we are a data controller for your personal information or, in other words, we determine the purposes for which and the manner in which any of your personal information are, or are to be, processed by us.
HOW YOU CONSENT TO US COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you visit our site you should see a popup window on your screen directing you to this Privacy Notice and our Cookie Policy.
By clicking or selecting the "I Agree" button that appears in the overlay then you are demonstrating to us that you are freely giving us informed and specific consent for us to collect and process your personal information for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice and you are accepting and consenting to the practices described.
If you do not click or select the "I Agree" button that appears in the popup at the bottom of your screen then we will endeavour no to collect your personal information – this is subject to the caveat below.
If you do not see a popup at the bottom of your screen then you may have already accepted our Privacy Notice and our Cookie Policy. You may also be using a pop-up blocker or similar tools that may prevent this notice from being brought to your attention. Please ensure that any pop-up blockers are disabled when you use our site.
Caveat: Even if you do not click or select the "I Agree" button there is still some information that we may automatically collect about you – this normally isn’t personal information but rather technical information sent by your device and used to connect your computer, tablet, or mobile device to the Internet, including your browser type and version, the time when you visit our site, your time zone setting, certain browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. This type of information is sent by you to our site automatically and it isn’t something that we can prevent. We only use this information to administer our site including troubleshooting, load testing, traffic throughput, data analysis, performance testing, and for anonymised research and statistics purposes that we only use internally.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
You may give us personal information about you by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you may provide to us when you subscribe to our services, search our site or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site.
The information you give us may include:
Your name
Your Company
E-mail address;
Comments on any enquiry page
Information we collect about you
When you visit our site we may collect information about you, including which pages you have visited (including date and time) which services and pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, files downloaded, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from a page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
The purpose of this information is to allow us to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, improving our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, and as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
Information you may pass to third-parties outside our control
On many of the pages on our site you will see ‘social buttons’. These enable you to share or bookmark pages on our site. These may include buttons for: Twitter, Google+, Facebook or other social features.
In order for us to implement these buttons on our site and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts that are executed from domains owned by third-parties and outside of our control.
You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the Internet, including on our site. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites will be registering the fact that you are visiting our site, and the specific pages you are on, even if you don’t click on the button but are already or automatically logged into their services, like Google and Facebook.
We recommend that you check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your personal information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such personal information.
HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you give us your personal information then we may use it to:
1. Carry out our obligations from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with information that you request from us.2. Provide you with information about our company.3. Ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
If you provide us with your e-mail, telephone or mobile number then we may contact you by these electronic means (e-mail or SMS). However, we will not use your personal information for marketing purposes without your express consent.
If you do not wish to receive any information by electronic means then please get in touch with us.
Marketing
If you opt-in to receive information about us then, depending on what personal information we hold about you, we may decide to contact you via:
E-mail
Telephone
You may opt-in to receive information or we may ask you to opt-in on a case by case basis.
We will do our best to let you know what method or methods of communication we will use. Don’t forget, you can always opt-out from receiving communications from us after you have opted-in or you can tell us that you only want to receive communications in a particular manner. Depending on the type of campaign we might give you the ability to select how you would like to be contacted but this might not always be possible due to technical issues.
If you opt-in to receive communication then we may need to pass your personal information to select third parties who are responsible for facilitating communication with you on our behalf. For example, we may need to pass some of your personal details if you wish to be contacted via SMS because we need to partner with a third party business to provide us with this ability.
The third parties that we use are as follows:
1. MailChimp
Purpose: Email newsletters
Information Passed: Email Address and Name
We use MailChimp to manage our email mailing lists; by clicking subscribe you consent to your data being transferred outside the EEA.
There is no third-party tracking in messages we send through MailChimp besides MailChimp's own analytics, which may aggregate how many subscribers open a message or click the links inside.
MailChimp participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework. MailChimp's privacy policy
If you have opted-in to receive communications but that organisation is not listed above then this might be because we are using that organisation or service on a one-off basis – in which case, we will let you know. If you are unsure then please get in touch with us.
The purpose of opting into receiving communications from us is to help us better understand you, engage with you, share details about our company, and to assist us in providing the types of communications that you wish to receive from us. We will not knowingly sell your personal information for marketing purposes or pass your personal information to third parties.
If you are receiving communications from us in error or you have opted-out then please get in touch with us and we apologise for any inconvenience caused.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Unless you opt-in to receive marketing communication we will not contact you unless it is necessary for us to get in touch with you. For example, we may need to get in touch with you if you asked us to provide you with further information.
Please remember that our Cookies Policy covers matters such as using your personal information for analytics purposes.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The personal information that we collect from you will be stored within the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area. We will not knowingly transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area. Where it may be necessary for us to transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area we will get in touch with us you and seek your consent.
All personal information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers at https://www.ukfast.co.uk/colocation-data-centres-manchester.html
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted from our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. We apply a ‘Privacy by Design’ approach to protecting your personal information in order to promote privacy and data protection compliance from the start.
Information regarding the MailChimp third party application is detailed above; information provided for the purpose of subscribing to our email list will be transfered outside of the EEA. MailChimp participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information or to restrict the purposes for which we may process your personal information. However, if you have an account with us on our site and you withdraw your consent then we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to certain parts of our site.
You can exercise your right to prevent processing of your personal information by not selecting or clicking on the “I Agree” button when you visit our site or when you login or create an account on our site.
You can also exercise your right at any time by contacting us. If you consented to us collecting and/or processing your personal information but you change your mind then you can get in touch with us about erasing the personal information we hold about you.
Please be aware that, even if we receive a request from you to delete your personal information, it may be that we cannot entirely remove all of your personal information. This is usually because we have a legitimate interest to hold onto some of that personal information, for example, if you have an ongoing contract with us, there are outstanding payments due by you to us, or we have a legal obligation to retain some or all of your personal information – but we’ll let you know.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The legislation gives you the right to access a copy of the personal information that we hold about you.
In order to request a copy you need to submit a request – details on how to get in touch can be found at the bottom of this page. However, please remember that certain types of data cannot be disclosed to you as part of your request. For example, we cannot disclose information to you which identifies another individual or information that may be subject to legal professional privilege. In many cases we may be required to redact some of the documentation that you receive in order to comply with the legislation.
Additionally, we can’t just release your personal information to anyone. We can only release your personal information to you or an authorised third party who can demonstrate that you consented to have your personal information released – this is a legal requirement. Therefore, it is important for us to ensure that we confirm your identity before we can release any personal information.
If you send us a request to provide you with a copy of your personal information then we may ask you to provide some identification.
All of this might sound very onerous but please understand that we have an obligation to protect your personal information and we need to be certain that it is being released to the right person.
WHAT IF I DO NOT CONSENT OR WITHDRAW CONSENT?
If you do not consent to us collecting your personal information then we cannot guarantee the full functionality of our site and cannot be held responsible or liable to you for any reduction or restriction in access to our site or any of our other services.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the sites of our partners and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these sites, please note that these sites have their own privacy and cookie policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these sites.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time, occasionally or when there is a fundamental change to legislation etc. We will make the updated Privacy Notice available on our site and we will also update the “Last Updated” date.
MARKETING AND OTHER COMMUNICATION
We do not use any of the personal information collected from our site or that you may pass to us by filling in "contact us" forms on our site for any marketing purposes. If you have requested that we get in touch with you then we will only use your personal information to assist us in answering your query.
WHO ELSE WILL HAVE ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION?
The information will only be accessed by own staff. The information will not be shared with other web sites to which links may be provided from our web site. We will not give, rent, sell or trade any of your personal information.
You may request access to all your personal information that we collect on line and maintain in our database by emailing info@madewithweb.com
QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@madewithweb.com
COMPLAINT
We hope that the above has been explained to you in a clear and easily understood manner. We hope that if you have any queries, you will direct them to us and allow us to try and resolve them for you.
However, if you’re not happy with the way in which we have dealt with your issue, or, you feel we have not treated your personal data with due respect etc. you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and they can be contacted at: www.ico.org.uk
Need to improve your business? Let's grab a coffee and talk about stuff.
Fill in your name and we'll get right back to you.
Name:
Telephone:
Tell us about yourself and your project:
Send us your message
Please leave empty:
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.