http://www.dlog.com/en/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy PolicyOur business is built upon trust. Advantech Service-IoT GmbH considers our client´s in trust in the protection of corporate and personal data to be of great value. Furthermore, Advantech Service-IoT GmbH abides to all applicable data protection acts and endavours to continuously improve data protection. Within the meaning of this Online Privacy Statement Advantech Service-IoT GmbH means Advantech Service-IoT GmbH, Industriestraße 15, 82110 Germering, Germany. More information is available in the website imprint (https://advantech-service-iot.eu/en/imprint/). The responsible data controller for this website is Advantech Service-IoT GmbH. 1. Operation of the Website Advantech Service-IoT GmbH processes your personal data to present the information that is available on this website and to provide the services offered on this website.
Unless it is explicitly stated otherwise in the following sections the legal basis for this processing of data is Article 6(1)f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), i.e. a balancing of interests – based on Advantech Service-IoT GmbH’s legitimate interest to provide this website and the services offered on it to internet users. 2. Processed data2.1 Data you enter For the purposes described above Advantech Service-IoT GmbH particularly uses any data you may provide to Advantech Service-IoT GmbH in connection with this website (e.g. using the contact form or by email). Advantech Service-IoT GmbH processes these data you have provided to handle and to answer your request.
2.2 Automatically collected data To present the right information to you on this website Advantech Service-IoT GmbH also processes the following data: The address of the web page on this website you visitThe address of the web page you visited immediately before (the “referrer”)Date and time of your visitProperties of your device, particularly its operating system, the browser you use and your browser’s display window sizeYour device’s IP address in the internet
Randomly assigned ID numbers, which  and third parties working for Advantech Service-IoT GmbH store on your device. With these ID numbers Advantech Service-IoT GmbH and the service providers working for Advantech Service-IoT GmbH
can recognize your device. This makes it possible to link your current website visit to your previous website visits. Technically these ID numbers are stored in so-called “cookies” on your device.
3. Website analytics 3.1 General Advantech Service-IoT GmbH strives to present the most relevant information to the users of this website. Advantech Service-IoT GmbH therefore uses tools to measure how this website is being used. With the help of these tools Advantech Service-IoT GmbH particularly collects the following kind of information: On which links on other websites do users click to get to this website?Which pages of this website are visited when, how often, and in which order?Which information do the website users look for?On which links or offers do the website users click? Based on these kinds of information Advantech Service-IoT GmbH creates statistics which help to answer the following questions: Which pages of the website are particularly attractive for the users?Which kinds of information are most interesting for the users?Which offers should Advantech Service-IoT GmbH make to its users? For these purposes Advantech Service-IoT GmbH particularly uses the automatically collected data described in Section 2.2 above. The data are always stored pseudonymously (i.e. under a randomly assigned ID number). The legal basis for this processing of data is Article 6(1)f) GDPR (balancing of interests, based on Advantech Service-IoT GmbH’ legitimate interest to tailor the website to its users’ interests and needs).3.2 Google Analytics One of the tools used is Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google”).
Google Analytics uses the “cookies” mentioned above in section 2.2. Your browser transmits the information created with the help of these cookies on your use of this website to Google servers in the USA, where they are stored for up to 14 months. Currently there is no decision of the EU Commission that the USA generally provide an adequate level of protection for personal data. Google undertakes, however, to comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. More information in this regard is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/710531...
More information on the handling of user data within Google Analytics is available in Google’s privacy notice at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/600424... You can prevent the collection and the transmission to Google of data regarding your website use (incl. your IP address) as well as Google’s processing of such data by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en4. Contact form and emails   If you send inquiries to Advantech Service-IoT GmbH via the website contact form or by email, Advantech Service-IoT GmbH processes the information you provide in such message (including your contact details) to deal with your inquiry, and to provide a reply. These communication data are stored by Advantech Service-IoT GmbH for future reference. The legal basis for this processing of data is Article 6 (1) b) GPDR (i.e. performance of a contract or pre-contractual measures) and Article 6 (1) f) GDPR (i.e. balancing of interests – based on Advantech Service-IoT GmbH’s legitimate interest to handle inquiries of its website’s users.5. External service providers Advantech Service-IoT GmbH uses various external services providers to operate this website (e.g. data center operators). To the extent it is necessary these service providers also process personal data. Advantech Service-IoT GmbH diligently selects and supervises its service providers. They process the data only in accordance with Advantech Service-IoT GmbH’s instructions and are also bound by this privacy Statement.  5. Retention periods  Advantech Service-IoT GmbH stores personal data only as long as it is necessary for the purposes described herein, or as long as it is necessary to comply with statutory retention periods. Unless it is stated otherwise herein the data you have entered pursuant to section 2.1 above will therefore not be retained for longer than the statutory retention period of six years which may apply pursuant to trade and tax laws. Unless it is stated otherwise herein the automatically collected data pursuant to section 2.2 will be deleted or anonymized after one week at the latest.
6. Your rights Upon request Advantech Service-IoT GmbH will inform you whether Advantech Service-IoT GmbH stores any data about you, and if yes which. Under the statutory conditions you may have the right to demand that Advantech Service-IoT GmbH rectifies, restricts processing of, or erases these data. You also have the right to receive from Advantech Service-IoT GmbH the personal data concerning you which you have provided to Advantech Service-IoT GmbH, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You have the right to transmit (or have transmitted) those data to another controller. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority for data protection matters. 7. Data protection officer
For questions or suggestions with regard to data protection please contact Advantech Service-IoT GmbH's data protection officer by postal mail to the Advantech Service-IoT GmbH address stated above or via email to data.protection@advantech.eu.
Helpdesk —
Your Professional Hotline
+49 (0) 89 41 11 91 999
Service portfolio
Repairs
Driver Download