http://www.sierra-bravo.com/privacy
Skip NavigationNerdery LogoPrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: January 1, 2020
The Nerdery, LLC (“ Nerdery”) is strongly committed to protecting your personal privacy. We want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to explain our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Policy applies to information we collect or is submitted to us through:
The website at www.nerdery.com (“The Website”)Social media applications like Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter (“Social Media”)Email and other electronic messages, except for personal messages sent to our clients.Interactions with advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means.Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Social Media.
All personal information that you provide on the Website or Social Media is voluntary. If you submit personal information, you agree that we may keep a record of that personal information. You also agree that if you choose not to provide all requested information, our ability to process the requested information for the purpose for which you’ve consented may be limited.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Website and Social Media, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, like name, postal address, email address, employer information, telephone number, IP address or any other identifier through which you may be contacted or identified (“Personal Information”).
Personal Information. Personal Information that we collect may also include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms, such as when you submit an employment application, register for an event, request information, enter a promotion, report a problem with the Website, or otherwise contact us via the Website. These identifiers may include your name, alias, postal address, and any other unique personal identifiers that you provide us.Content that you authorize us to access, publish, and view on Social Media.Records of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.Your search queries and content viewed on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website or Social Media, or transmitted to other users of the Website, Social Media or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of Social Media. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed or used by unauthorized persons and/or in unauthorized manners.
Other Information. Each time a computer visits the Website or Social Media to read or download information, we may collect certain information from that computer. This information is automatically collected from the user’s computer and may include information like the following:
Type of web browser being used (for example, Chrome or Firefox).Name of the Internet domain from which your computer accessed the Website or Social Media.Address of the website that connected you to Website or Social Media (like google.com or bing.com)Date and time your computer accessed the Website or Social Media.
In order to better respond to your specific requests or provide you services, we may associate such other information to Personal Information that you have provided through the Website or Social Media.
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us and automatically as you navigate through the Website or Social Media. Information collected automatically may include such other information, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
COOKIES
We may place a text file called a cookie in the browser files of computers that visit this Website. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies also allow your computer to utilize all the features on this Website.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, and those cookies will no longer collect information from you, but some parts of our Website may not work properly for you if you do so.
Certain features of our Website, or third-parties marketing on our behalf, may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To present the Website, Social Media, and its contents to you.To improve our website and customer serviceTo contact you to provide information or services that you request from us.To send periodic emails.To notify you about changes to the Website, Social Media or any services we offer or provide though it.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.In any other way that we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.
We will use other information to help us make our Website more useful to visitors and for other business purposes. For example, we may tell business partners how many computers visited this Website. We may also use other information in cookies to help us to personalize this Website according to the preferences you tell us, and make your visit a more convenient experience. We may prepare reports and other materials using other information. Since these reports and materials contain no Personal Information, we may share them with others.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not give or share Personal Information to a third party to allow that third party to market its goods or services, unless you sign up for a webinar or other event which we are co-sponsoring with a third party, or that third party is facilitating the webinar or other event, in which case we may share your Personal Information with that co-sponsor, and such co-sponsor’s use of such information will be subject to its own privacy policy. In addition, we may share Personal Information with a third party to assist Nerdery in the marketing of our services to you.
We may disclose aggregated information that does not contain Personal Information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Nerdery’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by Nerdery about the Website and Social Media users is among the assets transferred.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes, or to notify you of any changes to our terms of use and other agreements.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Nerdery, our customers or others.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, publisher networks, application providers, Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Linkedin for Business, and Google Tag Manager. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We use these third-party technologies to track aggregated website behavior, such as what pages you looked at, for how long, and so on. This information is important to us for improving the user experience and determining site effectiveness.We currently use:
Google Analytics Demographics. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads through the following link: https://www.google.com/setting…Pardot. You can opt-out of advertising and email through the procedures described in the following link: https://www.pardot.com/company/…Zoominfo. You can view their privacy policy at the following link: https://www.zoominfo.com/business/about-zoominfo/privacy-policyLinkedin Sales Navigator: You can view their privacy policy at the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
We do not directly control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly or you may contact us.
DATA PROTECTION MEASURES
Nerdery is committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Information through reasonable and appropriate measures to protect it from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information. Nerdery utilizes technological, physical and administrative security procedures to do so.
PRIVACY ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SOCIAL MEDIA
The Website or Social Media may contain links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites (“Third-Party Locations”) for your convenience and information. We do not review, control, or monitor the privacy practices of those Third-Party Locations and are not responsible for the practices employed by Third-Party Locations. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other websites, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. We do not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party Locations. Just as with the Website and Social Media, we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any Third-Party Locations with which you interact before allowing the collection and use of your Personal Information.
We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with Nerdery on various social media sites. Nerdery is not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to provide in these forums. If you post, comment, indicate interest or complaint, or share Personal Information, including photographs, to any social network, blog, or other such forum, upon which Nerdery has an account, please be aware that any information you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes over which neither you nor Nerdery have control. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN UNION USERS
Nerdery’s operations are located in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing Personal Information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
DO NOT TRACK MECHANISMS
Your browser may deliver a “Do-Not-Track (‘DNT’) signal” to this Website. Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the technology and marketing industries regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
ACCESS, CORRECTION, OBJECTION AND PORTABILITY RIGHTS
You have the right to request access to, rectification of errors in, or erasure of your Personal Information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data and to receive a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. For individuals in the EU, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you may always lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority.
You may send us an email at privacy@nerdery.com, together with proof of your identity, to request access, correction, cessation, erasure, portability and/or objection to processing of any Personal Information that you provided us. We may not fully accommodate a request if the request would violate applicable law or is not required (in full or in part) under applicable law.
NERDERY DOES NOT SELL YOUR INFORMATION
Nerdery does not sell your personal information.
California residents have the right to request that we disclose to you certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, Nerdery will provide you the following:
The categories of Personal Information collected about you;The categories of sources for that Personal Information;Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information;The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information;The specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected; andIf we sold or disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists of what was sold and what was disclosed and the categories of Personal Information in each case.
You also have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information from our records and direct any service providers to delete that Personal Information from their records. After we receive and verify your request, we will delete that Personal Information unless a legal exception applies.
Any request to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act should be submitted either via email to privacy@nerdery.com or via phone to 877-664-6373. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your above rights.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Protecting the privacy of minors is important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website or Social Media from those we actually know are under 18. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from an individual under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at privacy@nerdery.com and we will delete it accordingly.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to the Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will notify you through a notice in the footer (referencing our Policy) on the Website home page. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Policy to check for any changes.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, by your use of the Website or Social Media, you are entering into a binding contract with Nerdery and are consenting to the use of your information as explained in this Policy. We may change or add to our Policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically. If you don’t agree with these terms or any future changes, then please don’t use or interact with The Nerdery through the Website or Social Media.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
View Nerdery’s terms and conditions of service > https://www.nerdery.com/terms
CONTACT US
If you would like to request changes to any information that you have submitted, have questions, or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us online via our Contact Us page, or send us an email at privacy@nerdery.com.