http://www.unlimited-hosting.net/policy.html
Home
About
FAQs
Network
Plans
Testimonial
Policy
Signup
Home : Policy
Company Policies
All accounts are bound by our policies. Violation of these policies will result
in warnings, account suspension, account termination, and/or legal action, depending
on the severity of the violation. We will do our best to protect the interests
of our customers.
Lawful use - Customers may not use our facilities and capabilities to conduct,
or solicit the performance of, any illegal activity, or to conduct any other
activity which infringes on the rights of us or any third party.
Inappropriate material - Our accounts will not host or handle material
that contains nudity, pornography, adult material, links to adult sites, obscenity,
discriminatory/hate propaganda, "warez", hacking-related material,
material which promotes the illegal distribution of software, or any material
that results in reasonable complaints from other customers or third parties,
or sites encouraging illegal activity or racism, sites providing instructions
of performing illegal activities.
Intellectual property rights - Customers may not upload or transmit any
message, data, image or program that would violate the property rights of
others. This includes the unauthorized transmission of copyrighted text, images,
music, programs, or trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information,
trademarks, service marks or trade names used in an infringing manner. Customers
may not upload or transmit any information which is libelous or defamatory,
or which violates or infringes on any right of privacy of any person.
Interference with service - There shall be no attempt to gain unauthorized
access to our systems or accounts, disrupt service or network connectivity,
misuse our facilities, or create fraudulent accounts. We will not tolerate
violations and attempted violations of system & network security. Or any
type of tampering with the system with the purpose to inflict harm.
Viruses - In the event that any virus or destructive element is found or
furnished with any content, the customer will use their best efforts upon
learning that such situation exists, to immediately eliminate the virus or
destructive element. Customer will notify us as to the existence of any such
virus or destructive element immediately upon discovery thereof, and we will
have the right to take any steps we deem necessary to eliminate the virus
or destructive element and to be reimbursed by the customer for its costs
relating to any such commercially reasonable steps.
"Junk email" (SPAM, flames, and mail-bombs) - Our servers and
our hosted domains may not be the source, intermediary, or destination address
involved in the transmission of junk email, nor will they be listed in any
junk email message. The use of our servers to send or relay junk email is
prohibited. We define "junk email" to be a mass unsolicited message
in any medium. Violation will result in immediate termination of all services
without refund. Fines and legal action may be imposed. Any customer who is
repeatedly flamed/mail-bombed or attracts such behavior will be asked to leave.
Our mailing list services are provided for use as discussion forums only,
and may not be used to distribute unsolicited email. All users on a list must
have personally subscribed to that list.
Subhosting - Our services are provided for end users only. No subhosting
or resale of any services, for fee or for free, is permitted without the express
consent of us.
Bandwidth - We provide 5 GB of bandwidth. Extra data transfer is $6/month
per GB. We do not allow sites with contents such as porn, warez, illegal files,
file archives, or download only sites, as well as sites that offer mainly
downloadable files, or have large downloadable files. No sites offering email
services will be allowed either. No software in conjunction with IRC may be
executed (this includes bots, downloaders, etc.). Accounts may not be used
for excessive downloads through a user's shell by means of FTP, web, or download
utilities.
Disk space usage - We provide 200 MB of disk space. Extra disk space is
$5/month for each 50 MB block. Customers may use their web space to ONLY store
their web site.
You may not download files to your account, unless the file is to become part
of the web site. You may not store personal files on your account. Web space
is not for personal backups!
All files on your web space must be linked to pages. That is, you may not
have "orphaned files" (files that are not part of the web site).
Please do maintenance from time to time and delete files that are no longer
used.
Always delete temporary files. Do not store thousands of files on a single
directory. This slows down access to the file system, and will make the delivery
of your files slower.
Resource usage - CGI, SSI, PHP, database services, and other CPU-intensive
features utilize server CPU-time which is drawn from a common pool shared
by all users on a particular system. Any site which monopolizes the CPU, causes
disruption of service, or negatively impacts server performance will not be
allowed. We reserve the right to immediately terminate any harmful CGI process.
Email accounts may not be used for permanent storage. Read mail (left on the
server) is subject to removal after 30 days. Any account which, due to extraordinary
resource utilization, negatively impacts other customers, will be required
to reduce resource utilization, or leave.
Customer privacy - We respect the privacy of our customers, and will not
sell or trade the names and addresses of our customers. We do not require
customers to be listed in a customer directory. We reserve the right to provide
contact information upon request in matters relating to potential legal action,
flagrant abuses, as required by law, or when appropriate contact information
can not be found on the customer's web site.
Criminal prosecution - There are numerous federal, state and international
laws regulating the use of the Internet. We will not hesitate to initiate
criminal prosecution and/or cooperate with government agencies relating to
abuse of our services or systems.
Refusal of service - We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone at
our sole discretion. We will not be liable for any losses, damages, etc. We
have the right to deny service to a customer, if this customer is being rude
to a member of our staff, constantly creating problems on a server, constantly
having billing problems (credit card denied way too often, etc.), demanding
or expecting in a rude fashion more than what our service provides or what
we can do ("I want you to install X software for me. Do it now or else",
"I'm the customer and you have to satisfy me, etc.). Always be polite.
If you are not, we have the right to no longer provide you with webhosting
service. If we decide to stop providing you service due to any of these reasons,
we'll give you service until the end of the current month so that you have
time to move to a new webhost. If we consider the event to be too severe,
the account will be terminated immediately, and that decision will be final.
Billing, cancellation and delinquent accounts
Forms of payment - We currently accept credit cards only (Visa, MasterCard,
and American Express).
Billing period - Accounts are billed monthly/annually. Payment is due on
the date of each anniversary of the payment period. Credit cards are charged
automatically on the anniversary date of the payment period unless we receive
written explicit instructions indicating otherwise.
Invoicing - Customers will be invoiced via email.
Chargebacks - If a chargeback is submitted against a credit card used to
purchase service, the account(s) in question will be suspended immediately.
There is a $250 processing fee to re-activate.
Delinquent accounts - Accounts that are 30 days delinquent in payment of
balances due will receive a reminder email. If payment, in full, is not received
within 7 days of the reminder, the account will be suspended. Accounts which
remain suspended more than 2 weeks are subject to termination. Accounts which
are reactivated after having been suspended are subject to a $25 account reactivation
fee.
Cancellation - We reserve the right to cancel service at any time for any
reason. Should we cancel service, prepaid monthly/annually fees for service
not rendered will be prorated and refunded. Customers may cancel their accounts
at the end of their billing period.
We require written notification (by email) at least 7 days before the billing
period ends. Domain registration fees are not refundable. Your domain name
remains yours to keep. We will not be liable for any losses, damages, etc.
Account name changes - There is a $25 fee to change the primary domain
of an account.
Our policies - We reserve the right to change our policies at any time
for any reason. If you have any questions regarding our policies, feel free
to contact us.