https://www.advent-im.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Home » Privacy Policy
Terms governing your use of this website
You do not have to give us your information to have access to our website content. We collect your information only if you have signed up to marketing emails such as our newsletter or have registered an interest in our services via the Contact Us page.  Advent IM treats all data that identifies an individual as personal data and Advent IM is the Controller of the data that you provide to us.  This means we control what happens to the data in our possession.  We only collect your first name, last name, company name, email address and job title and will continue to process your information until such time you tell us otherwise.   No other 3rd parties have access to your data, and all of your data is processed on a server in the UK.
We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data. If you have any questions about our Data Protection regime email us at bestpractice@advent-im.co.uk.
If at any point you believe the information we process about you is incorrect, you can request to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at DPO@advent-im.co.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with Data Protection Legislation you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Advent IM is the UK’s leading independent information security and physical security consultancy.
Our Independence is genuine
Our expertise is Proven
Our purpose is to Enable
Our company is built on Trust
Popular Courses
Preparing for IAO
Police IAO Advanced
IAO Advanced
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Legal Information
Contact Us
contact us
Head Office:
Head Office: 0121 559 6699
London Office:
London Office: 0207 100 1124
email
bestpractice@advent-im.co.uk
Login Form
Remember me
Login
Lost your Password?
Register Form
Register