http://www.softouch.ie/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
About Us
Products
JobPro Central
JobPro2Go
College Central
Services
FileMaker Templates
FileMaker Customization
FileMaker Training
Web Development
iOS Development
Testimonials
Contact Us
You are here: HomePrivacy Policy
Introduction
We at Softouch Technologies respect your privacy and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting our Site.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other sites.
Types of Information Collected
We retain two types of information from visitors to our Site:
1. “Personal Data”: This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number and birth date. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us, for example, through our “Contact Us” email facility or by completing one of our online forms.
2. “Non-Personal Data”: Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our site. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Site.
Purposes for which we hold your Information.
Non-Personal Data:
(I) We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
(ii) Cookies
The Site uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a little piece of text stored by your browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you connect to the Internet. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of the Site.
(iii) Personal Data
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:
(a) to provide you with information about the services of our company
(b) to contact you if required in connection with your enquiry or to respond to any communications you might send to us;
Any communications submitted online or by email will be subject to the same terms and conditions as those completed by hand in paper form. If any online application forms are included in the Site, you will be notified of any additional specific data protection provisions at the time you complete the relevant application form.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our Site. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Site, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our Site, or the activities that visitors to our Site engage in while on our Site. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include our web site design, development and hosting contractors.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties outside of the company unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the disclosure is required in order to process an application or other communication from you or to perform the services you have applied for. We will however disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other valid legal process.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your Personal Data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Security
Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our Internet Service Provider. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we will take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Data, the nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. We do not currently seek your bank account or credit card details on the Site or via email and you should not send us such data by email unless expressly agreed in person with an authorised individual in this company.
We do seek your credit card details on the Site and you should not send us such data by email unless expressly agreed in person with an authorised individual in this company. Credit Card details are kept on a secure server with 128 bit encryption.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, email us at info@softouch.ie. Any such data subject requests may be subject to the prescribed fee.
You can ask us at any time to stop or change the methods by which we may send you marketing materials. This can be done free of charge by emailing us at info@softouch.ie
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
This Privacy Policy as published was last updated on 22nd August 2012.
Back to Top