http://www.spectracomcorp.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Menu
Menu
Online Store
Contact Us
Orolia | At the Core of Mission-Critical Applications
Online Store
Solutions
Solutions Home - The most effective problem solving approach is shared, between you and us.
Column 1Defense OverviewMission Timing & Synchronization
Mobile Mission Systems
Naval Operations
Combat Search & Rescue
Orolia Defense & Security
Orolia O2S
Aerospace OverviewAviation Solutions
Space Programs
Column 2GNSS Testing & Simulation
Interference Detection & Mitigation (IDM)
Critical InfrastructureProcess Control
Public Safety
Financial Services
E-commerce
Security and Access Control
Big Data
Automotive Navigation & Test
Column 3PNT Consulting & Testing Services
Custom Engineering
Resilient Timing
On OroliaMaritime.comMaritime Solutions
Products
Products Home - Our products are building blocks to meet your specific needs.
ProductsTiming & Synchronization
Atomic Clocks & Oscillators
GNSS Testing & Simulation
Interference Detection & Mitigation (IDM)
Resilient PNT Sources
Emergency Locator Beacons
Products A-Z
Product Documents & Files
The flexibility you need
We offer standard products, configurable products, and product platforms that can be adapted and integrated.
Resources
Resources Home - Ideas can literally change the world – on land, at sea or above the earth.
Education & PerspectivesJamming & Spoofing Resources
What is Resilient PNT?
PNT Executive Order
White Papers
Case Studies
Orolia Blog
News & EventsOrolia News
Events
Webinars
PNT Industry News
Interactive ContentVideo Library
Orolia Air Show Virtual Booth
Resilient PNT in Action: Operational Views
Request a Meeting
Request a Demo
Our Company
Our Company Home - We are global experts in Resilient PNT technology.
CompanyAbout
Corporate Governance
History
Code of Ethics
CustomersSuppliers
Quality Assurance Management
US Government Contracting Information
Contact Us
Consider joining us
Put your ingenuity to work.
See our current opportunities
Careers
Support
Customer Support Home
Support Column 1Orolia General Support
Spectracom Support
Testing & Simulation Support
Support Column 2Kannad Support
SARBE Support
Spectratime Support
Maritime Support
You are hereHome » Privacy Statement
Spectracom - Essential Ingenuity
Menu
Contact
+1.585.321.5800
Privacy Policy
We attach great importance to protecting the personal data of users of our website. In doing so, we strive to be as transparent as possible regarding the processing of your personal data.
Therefore, you will find in this Privacy Policy information relating to the processing of any personal data collected through this website.
1. General information
The data controller for Orolia is the affiliate OROLIA SAS, a French joint stock company, headquartered at ZI des Cinq Chemins at GUIDEL (56520), France, and listed in the Lorient Trade and Companies Register under number 500 055 744.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you of our practices regarding the collection and use of information that you may provide to us through our website.
2. Personal data processing
2.1. PurposesOrolia can, with your consent, process your personal data for marketing or statistical analysis purposes as follows:
Through a contact form, a registration form or an email address that you used, which allows us to contact you;
Through your sign-up or opt-in action to receive future information about our products and services in newsletter or other formats;
Through the use of cookies to enable certain features of the website and for statistical purposes (usage measurement). For more information about the use of cookies on our website, go to the Cookie Policy by clicking here.
All processes carried out for the purposes mentioned above are done with your prior consent.
2.2. Data subjectsData subjects are the users of our website.
2.3. Data processedFor each purpose, we collect and process some personal data detailed below:
If you are requiring us to contact you, then we will ask for information such as your name, organization, contact information, geography, and interest area in order to efficiently connect you with the person to best reply to you. If you are signing-up for future communications, we will ask for similar information. For the purpose of monitoring general use of the website, we collect your IP address and other information about your device such as browser type, operating system and display dimensions.
2.4. Data retentionThe personal data is used for the purpose of sending you information concerning the news, offers, products and services of Orolia, and when you contact Orolia through the contact form are kept for a period of up to three years from the date on which it was collected or from your last contact with us.
Upon expiration of this timescale, Orolia may get in touch with you to find out whether you wish to continue to receive such information. If requested, your personal data will also be deleted as soon as possible after your unsubscribe request.
The data that are collected using cookies, tracers and other similar tracking technologies implemented on the website shall be kept in accordance with applicable laws and regulations for a period of time not to exceed thirteen months. For more details, see the Cookie Policy.
2.5. Third partiesWe don’t share your data with any external recipients except sharing with advertisers for retargeting purposes based on your prior consent and with our storage service provider.
2.6. Data transfersThe data collected with cookies are transferred to a database located in the United States. This transfer is secured by appropriate transfer guarantees regarding EU data protection regulations.
3. Security measures
Orolia makes every effort to put in place suitable security measures to safeguard the security of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, deleted or accessed by unauthorized third parties.
However, Orolia does not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet and therefore warns users of the potential risks involved in use of the Internet.
4. Data subjects’ rights
In accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations, you have a right to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data, or restriction of processing, and to object to said processing, as well as the right to data portability to the extent applicable, subject to any overriding legitimate grounds that Orolia might invoke to retain your personal data.
You also have the right to refer to the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. French CNIL, UK ICO, etc.) for any claim relating to the manner in which Orolia collects and processes your personal data.
French website users may give Orolia specific instructions regarding their personal data after their death.
Moreover, you may at any time request that Orolia stops sending you communications by using the hypertext link earmarked for that purpose in each e-mail that Orolia sends you.
You may exercise these rights, at any time, by sending an e-mail to dpo@orolia.com.
5. Data Protection Officer (DPO) contact information
If you have any questions regarding the collection and processing of your personal data by Orolia, you may contact Orolia's Data Protection Officer at dpo@orolia.com.
6. Changes
Orolia may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. It is your responsibility to re-read the Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
Site MapContact UsPrivacy Statement
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on YouTube
Shop the Orolia Online Store
© 2020 Orolia