http://www.cryptoforge.com/privacy-policy.htm
Home | Download | Purchase | Reviews | FAQ | Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are strongly committed to confidentiality and protecting
your privacy.
Personal Details
Any personal information provided to us is held in the strictest
of confidence, and will not be given out, loaned, rented, or
sold, to any third party.
Email Addresses
We have a strictly zero-tolerance anti-spam policy. If you provide us with your email address, rest assured
that we will never reveal it, sell it, loan it, spam it, abuse
it, or forward it. We rarely send out additional information
about our products. At present, we do not have regular emailing
posts. Although we recommend keeping your copy of CryptoForge
up-to-date, we encourage our users to use the Updater feature
built in CryptoForge to check for product updates when they
want to.
Web Site
Each time you visit our site, our server automatically collects
information about which pages are visited and the domain name
of visitors for purposes of research and analysis of site content
and performance. This information is used for internal review
only, to tailor information for future updates and modifications
and for site traffic auditing.
Ordering
Most of our sales are handled by e-commerce providers, such
as share-it!. Our e-commerce providers do not give out your
information to any third parties. Their privacy statements can
be found at the following links:
Share-It's Privacy Statement
When you submit your credit card information to any of our e-commerce
providers in order to complete your purchase, they do not share
your credit card information with us. They only send us your
contact information and shipping instructions so that we can
expedite your order.
Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site,
please contact us. We are very serious on the issue of privacy
and confidentiality, and welcome any queries on the issue.
Home | Download | Purchase | Support | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2001-
CryptoForge Encryption Software. All Rights Reserved.