http://www.firecast.co.uk/privacy
S - Skip navigation
N - Go to navigation
1 - Home
9 - Contact
This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience.
By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
To find out more about cookies, and how to disable them, please see
our Cookies Page.
Accept Cookies and Close
Menu
Close Menu
Home
Portfolio
Outsourcers
Ark Creative Design
Imagine Design Associates
Miller Design
Shoestring Media
Websites
AMTLogbook
Blindcorner
Remain United
Richards Blinds
True And Fair Foundation
True And Fair Campaign
SCM Private
Lead Not Leave
Yoga Frankie
Other
Other/Historical Projects
Firecast CMS
About
News
Contact
Other
Cookies
Cookies
Cookie Guide
Terms
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Firecast Web Solutions Logo
development
call on : 01536 525544
email : info@firecast.co.uk
Privacy Policy
This policy outlines how information that you give when you use this website is used, stored, managed and protected.
It applies to our use of data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the website. You should check this page
regularly for any updates to the policy.
responsive web design
content management
database driven content
accessible markup
HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, PHP 5-7 ...
Privacy Policy
Policy
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is enforceable from 25 May 2018, provides new rights to individuals and requires organisations
to provide information about their processing in a clear and transparent way.
This Privacy Policy sets out how Firecast Web Solutions uses and protects any information that you give Firecast Web Solutions when you use this website.
Firecast Web Solutions is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and takes the privacy of your information very seriously. Should we ask
you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance
with this privacy statement. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of
the website.
Firecast Web Solutions may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you
are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01 May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
date of birth
gender
profession and job title
contact information including email address and telephone numbers
IP address, Operating system, Web browser type/version (automatically collected)
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find
interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone,
SMS text messaging, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Third-party hosting
services are used to house the website and any storage databases required.
If password access is required for certain parts of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We endeavour to do our best to protect your personal data. However, transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure
and is done at your own risk. We cannot ensure the security of your data transmitted to the website.
Links to other websites
This website may provide links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note
that we have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites or the protection and privacy of any
information which you provide whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy and it does not extend to your
use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Firecast Web Solutions and Users with respect to this website. It does not extend to any
websites that can be accessed from this website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to
do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting
if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
What choice do I have regarding the use of my data?
You can opt out of receiving information from us (via e-mail, telephone, fax, SMS text messaging or post). To control your choices you can change
preferences in any log-in/customer area via the provided forms or emailers via the unsubscribe link. Alternatively or for any other situation
where you cannot access an opt out option call (01536) 525544 or email us via info@firecast.co.uk or use the website contact form.
You may request a copy of the information held about you (and have that information corrected should it be inaccurate or incomplete) by writing
to Firecast Web Solutions at First Floor, 3 Mill Road, Kettering, Northants, NN16 0RY.
If you believe that any information held about you is inaccurate or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible to have it
corrected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their
own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required. Every effort has been made to
ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer
or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any
email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting
any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product
or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing
material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Functionality of the website
To use all features and functions available on the website, you may be required to submit certain data.
Third party websites and services
Firecast Web Solutions may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary
for the operation of the website. The providers of such services have access to certain personal data provided by Users of this website.
Any data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. Any use for other
purposes is strictly prohibited.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on
are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their
own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media
platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by
telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question.
Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform
may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have
detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track
the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard
drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be
held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy
policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability
of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or
any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will
be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Changes to this privacy policy
Firecast Web Solutions reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required
by law. Any changes will be posted on the website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your
first use of the website following the alterations.
100% carbon neutral hosting options
Standards and Guidelines
Semantic coding
Web accessibility
Website Development
True and Fair Foundation
AMTLogbook
Contact
01536 525544
info@firecast.co.uk
© Copyright 2020 Firecast Web Solutions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms & Conditions