http://www.acm.org/public-policy/public-policy-statements
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Home
Public Policy
Recent ACM Public Policy Products
Recent ACM Public Policy Products
Official ACM policy statements require adoption by the ACM Council or the ACM Executive Committee, and represent the views of ACM. The following materials are the product of, and should be attributed to, the ACM Committees that authored them identified below.
2020
Comments on the UK National Data Strategy, ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee (December 2, 2020)
Joint Comments to Dept. of Commerce Bureau of Industry Security on Foundational Technology Export Controls, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (October 29, 2020)
Joint Request to US Copyright Office for Expansion of DMCA Security Research Exemption, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (September 8, 2020)
Joint Request for Renewal of Digital Millennium Copyright Act Security Research Exemption, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (July 22, 2020)
US Supreme Court Amicus Curiae Brief in Van Buren v US, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (July 8, 2020)
Statement on Facial Recognition Technologies, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (June 30, 2020)
Comments on Voluntary Voting System Guidelines 2.0, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (June 22, 2020)
Comments on the EU Climate Ambition for 2030 and for the Design of Certain Climate and Energy Policies of the European Green Deal, ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee (June 22, 2020)
Comments on European Commission's February 2020 AI White Paper, ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee (June 19, 2020)
Statement on Security and Privacy Principles for Virtual Meetings, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (May 26, 2020)
Statement on Essential Principles and Practices for COVID-19 Contact Tracing Applications, ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee (May 5, 2020)
Statement in Italian
Statement in French
Joint Letter to Governors and Secretaries of State on the Insecurity of Online Voting, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (April 9, 2020)
2019
Joint Letter to US, UK, and Australian Law Enforcement Leaders Supporting Strong End-to-End Encryption, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (December 10, 2019)
Joint Amicus Brief in Shelby County, TN Voting Rights Litigation before US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (November 8, 2019)
Comments to National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) on Sept. 6 Preliminary Draft Privacy Framework, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (October 24, 2019)
Joint Letter to Facebook CEO Zuckerberg Urging Implementation of End-to-End Encryption Plans, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (October 4, 2019)
Letter to Senate Task Force on Privacy Chair Blackburn Calling for Maximum Public Input and Transparency in Panel's Work, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (July 22, 2019)
Comments to Food and Drug Administration on AI-Augmented Software as a Medical Device Discussion Paper, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (June 3, 2019)
Comments on Computing Community Consortium’s Draft of 20-Year Roadmap for Artificial Intelligence Research in the US, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (May 30, 2019)
Comments on US Election Assistance Commission's Voluntary Voting System Guidelines, Version 2.0, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (May 29, 2019)
Comments to National Institute of Standards and Technology on Developing a Privacy Framework, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (January 14, 2019)
Joint Comments to Dept. of Commerce Bureau of Industry Security on Emerging Technology Export Controls, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (January 10, 2019)
2018
Comments to U.S. Commerce Department and Bureau of the Census on Revision of the National Data Strategy (Phase 2), ACM US Technology Policy Committee (November 16, 2018)
Comments to NTIA re: Developing the Administration’s Approach to Consumer Privacy, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (November 8, 2018)
Letter to European Commission Scientific Advice Mechanism re: Scoping Paper on Transforming the Future of Ageing, ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee, (November 7, 2018)
Comments to NSF re: Revision of the 2016 National Artificial Intelligence R&D Strategic Plan, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (October 26, 2018)
Joint Letter to NSF Endorsing Comments of the Computing Community Consortium on Revision of the 2016 National Artificial Intelligence R&D Strategic Plan, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (October 26, 2018)
Joint Report on Email and Internet Voting: The Overlooked Threat to Election Security (October 10, 2018)
Joint Letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Leaders Urging Rapid Action to Fill Vacancies on Privacy & Civil Liberties Oversight Board (August 29, 2018)
Letter by ACM President Cherri Pancake to United Nations Group of Governmental Experts on Lethal Autonomous Weapons Systems (August 22, 2018)
Joint Petition to White House Office of Science & Technology Policy Requesting Mechanism for Public Input on Development of National Artificial Intelligence Policy (July 4, 2018)
Letter to US Senate Calling for Consumer Privacy Protections to Safeguard Data, ACM US Technology Policy Committee (July 2, 2018)
Letter to Commissioner Carlos Moedas re: Horizon Europe Funding Priorities, ACM Europe Council and ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee (June 12, 2018)
Letter to Leadership of House Appropriations Committee in Support of Examining Revival of Expert Congressional Technology Assessment Capacity, ACM US Public Policy Council (May 7, 2018)
Letter to Leadership of Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch in Support of Examining Revival of Expert Congressional Technology Assessment Capacity, ACM US Public Policy Council (April 26, 2018)
Letter to Leadership of House Appropriations Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch in Support of Examining Revival of Expert Congressional Technology Assessment Capacity, ACM US Public Policy Council (April 25, 2018)
Letter to U.S. House Committee on Appropriations RE Congressional Technology Assessment Capacity and Resources, ACM US Public Policy Council (April 25, 2018)
Statement on Mandatory Engineered Law Enforcement Access to Information Infrastructure and Devices, ACM US Public Policy Council Council (April 12, 2018)
Letter to U.S. Senators on Committee Consideration of Facebook Data Compromises, ACM US Public Policy Council (April 9, 2018)
USACM Statement on the Importance of Preserving Personal Privacy, ACM US Public Policy Council (March 1, 2018)
Comments to NTIA re: Promoting Stakeholder Action Against Botnets and Other Automated Threats, ACM US Public Policy Council (February 12, 2018)
2017
Comments to the U.S. Copyright Office on Computing Security Research Exemptions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2017)
Statement on Accessibility, Usability, and Digital Inclusiveness, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2017)
Statement on Internet of Things Privacy and Security, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council, ACM Europe Council Policy Committee (2017)
Statement on Algorithmic Transparency and Accountability, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council, ACM Europe Council Policy Committee (2017)
Statement on Computing and Network Security, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2017)
Statement on Algorithmic Transparency and Accountability, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2017)
Comments to the U.S. Department of Commerce on Internet of Things Green Paper, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2017)
ACM Expresses Concern About New U.S. Executive Order Suspending Visas (2017)
2016
White Paper on Advancing Cybersecurity Research and Education in Europe: Major Drivers of Growth in the Digital Landscape, ACM Europe Policy Committee (2016)
Comments to the U.S. Department of Commerce on the Internet of Things, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2016)
Comments to the U.S. Department of Justice on Accessibility, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2016)
Comments to the Presidential Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2016)
Comments to the U.S. Government on Regulations for Research Involving Human Subjects, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2016)
Comments to the U.S. Copyright Office on Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Section 1201 Policy Study, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2016)
2015
Statement on 25th Anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Comments to the White House on a Revised Policy for Managing Federal IT Systems, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Comments to the U.S. Copyright Office on Computing Security Research Exemptions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Comments to the National Institute of Standards and Technology on U.S. Participation in International Cybersecurity Standardization, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Comments to the National Institute of Standards and Technology on Privacy Risk Management, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Comments to the National Institute of Standards and Technology on Accessible and Usable Voting Systems, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Letters to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC) suggesting future activities, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Comments to the U.S. Access Board on Accessibility, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Statement regarding the U.S. President’s State of the Union Address, ACM U.S. Public Policy Council (2015)
Historical Archives of Public Policy Statements
Archived policy statements are available for historical purposes. They do not necessarily represent current knowledge or reflect current technology. The archives are available here.
ACM USTPC Expresses Concerns about Online Voting
ACM's US Technology Policy Committee (USTPC) is joining with organzations including the National Election Defense Coalition, R Street Institute, and Common Cause to release a report citing concerns on the security of internet and email voting. The report cites the increasing impact of cyberattacks on ballots in transit; malware on the voter’s computer/device; voter authentication; server attacks; and more. Recommendations include a return to paper ballots and other "low-tech" measures.
ACM US and Europe Tech Policy Committees Issue Statement on IoT Privacy and Security
The ACM US Technology Policy Committee and the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee have released a Statement on Internet of Things Privacy and Security addressing existing and expected privacy and security concerns in the IoT ecosystem. The principles in the statement propose policy and technical approaches to tackle privacy and security challenges while ensuring that the technology continues to move forward.
ACM US and European Policy Committees List Seven Principles to Address Algorithmic Bias
Recognizing the ubiquity of algorithms in our daily lives, as well as their far-reaching impact, the ACM US Technology Policy Committee and the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee have issued a statement and a list of seven principles designed to address potential harmful bias. The US ACM committee approved the principles earlier this year, and the European ACM committee approved them on May 25.
What Should Europe’s Cybersecurity Policy Focus On?
A new report on cybersecurity policy published by the European Commission’s top scientific advisers cites the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee’s White Paper on “Advancing Cybersecurity Research and Education in Europe” and the ACM US Technology Policy Committee’s Principles on Algorithmic Transparency and Accountability. Among the report’s recommendations, the scientific advisers call for global cybersecurity cooperation.
USACM Statement on Law Enforcement Access to Devices
USACM issued a statement warning about consquences associated with mandated extraordinary access to user-controlled encryption systems. Among them are introducing "security vulnerabilities that would expose the involved systems to attack by malicious or otherwise extra-legal actors." USACM said such actions should be "subjected to rigorous analysis and detailed Congressional consideration of all risks and benefits."