https://www.selerix.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Our Story
Leadership Team
Careers
Solution
Selerix BenSelect
Selerix Engage
Selerix ACA
Selerix BenefitAgent
Technology
Platform
Integration
Architecture
Security
Advantage
Employers
Brokers/Agents
Carriers
Implementation Process
Partners
Training
Training
Support
News/Blog
Contact
Request a Demo
Call Sales 469-452-7076
Email Sales
Client Support
Privacy Policy
loading...
Selerix Systems, Inc. (“Selerix”) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy online when visiting our web site. Selerix knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice outlines the information Selerix will collect on the Selerix web site and how we will use that information. By visiting www.selerix.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
1. TYPES AND USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
For each visitor to the Selerix web site, our web server automatically recognizes and collects the individual’s domain name, not their email address. The only information Selerix obtains about individual visitors to its web site is that supplied voluntarily by visitors (e.g., name, company name, title, e-mail address, physical address). In cases when Selerix may need additional personal information to provide visitors with customized content or to inform them about new features or services, visitors are explicitly asked for that information.
Selerix also collects certain personal information with respect to its consumers in order to provide you with its services. Such personal information collected by Selerix is kept strictly confidential and is used for internal purposes only, including, without limitation, providing you with requested services, improving our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyzing web site usage, improving our content and web site offerings and to customize our web sites’ content and layout. Selerix also uses your information to create aggregate reports; however, these reports do not contain any personally identifiable information. We believe these uses allow us to improve the Selerix web site and better tailor them to meet our users’ needs. If you scroll to the bottom of this page, you will see additional examples of the type of information we collect.
EXCEPT AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, SELERIX DOES NOT SELL, LEND, RENT OR OTHERWISE DISCLOSE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTIES. HOWEVER, YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED WITH AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR CONTRACTORS OF SELERIX.
Your personal information is used in the following ways:
User IDs and Passwords. Provides you with access to your profile areas and to protected content.
Account Information. These tell us more about who you are, how to contact you, and your shipping and billing information, if appropriate. Also contains any preferences you have provided, such as language, email format and interests.
Customer Feedback and Support. Provides a mechanism for requesting information from Selerix. Also used to tell us how we can improve our products, services and site designs. Email Correspondence. Used to raise and respond to issues and inquiries of all types. Also used to distribute information about Selerix our products, and services.
Transactions. Shows which products and services you have requested.
2. BUSINESS TRANSFERS.
As we continue to develop our business, Selerix, or substantially all of its assets may be acquired. In such a transaction, customer information will of course be one of the transferred business assets.
3. COOKIES.
Our web site places a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. “Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard disk for record keeping purposes. Our web site uses cookies during your on-line session to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies allow us to avoid showing you the same ad or other message repeatedly and allow us to tailor a web site or to better match your interest and preferences. Our cookies enable Selerix to relate your use of the web site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to our web site. Most internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
4. REGISTRATION
Our web site’s registration system requires users to give us contact information such as their name and e-mail address, and demographic information such as a ZIP code, sex, age or income level. The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may choose (opt-in) to receive future mailings; see the choice/opt-in section below. Demographic and profile data are also collected at our web site. We use this data to tailor the visitor’s experience at our web site, showing the visitor content that reflects their stated preferences. This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis, but it does not indicate the identity of individual users.
5. DISCLOSURE REQUIRED BY LAW.
Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot insure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will remain private.
6. EXTERNAL LINKS.
The Selerix web site may contain links to other internet web sites. We encourage all of our partners, contributors and third parties to implement policies and practices that respect the privacy of our users. However, Selerix is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are linked from the Selerix web site, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Because Selerix does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
7. PUBLIC FORUMS.
Selerix may provide its users with chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
8. SECURITY.
The Selerix web site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Selerix employs security measures designed to safeguard on-line transactions and personal information.
9. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.
Selerix understands the importance of protecting childrens’ privacy in the interactive, on-line world. Selerix does not intentionally target or solicit to children thirteen (13) or younger for purposes of collecting personal information. The Selerix web site may link to certain web sites which may target or solicit to children thirteen (13) or younger and may collect personal information. Those web sites are not governed by this privacy policy, but will (or should) have their own privacy policies that more fully explain how they respect and protect the privacy of children while providing them information, goods or services.
10. AMENDMENTS AND UPDATES.
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that such practices are subject to change. Selerix reserves the right to change this privacy notice at anytime by posting revisions on the Selerix web site. We ask that you periodically review this page to insure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy notice. However, this privacy policy is not intended to, and does not, create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND NOTICES.
If you choose to visit www.selerix.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Texas. If you have any concern about privacy at Selerix, please send us a thorough description to legal@selerix.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our web site frequently to see recent changes.
12. OPT-IN / REMOVAL OF INFORMATION.
Our web site gives users the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. Our web site also gives users the following options for removing their information from our database in order to stop receiving communications or our service.
You can send e-mail to: legal@selerix.com
You can call the following telephone number: (469) 452-7076
13. CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES TO INFORMATION.
This web site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send e-mail to: legal@selerix.com
You can call the following telephone number: (469) 452-7076
14. INQUIRIES.
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please call us at or send us an email at
15. AUTOMATIC INFORMATION.
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and phone number used to call our 800 number.
Whether you’re an employer, broker, or carrier, the BenSelect platform provides industry-leading flexibility to meet your organization’s needs. The BenSelect platform goes beyond BenAdmin; it includes a library of insurer products, easily configured for each case including underwriting provisions. From enrollment to ACA compliance, our unique blend of technology and service is something employers, brokers, and carriers have come to expect from the BenSelect platform.
Engage
Manage
Simplify
Industry Leading Product Library
Superior Platform Flexibility
Administrative Automation
Compliance Tools Made Easy
Standardized Integrations
Request a Demo
Learn More & Connect With Us!
SolutionsSelerix BenSelect
BenefitAgent
Selerix ACA
Selerix AdvantagePlatform
Integration
Architecture
TrainingTraining
Registration & Calendar
Social
×