http://www.infocat.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how InfoCat Limited handles your personal information that we collect through your use of this website.
Home
Privacy Policy
How We Use Your Information On This Website
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
When you access our website, we may automatically (that is, not as the result of your registering for events or to access download material or emailing us) collect information that is not personally-identifiable. This information may include for example: type of Internet browser and computer or mobile operating system used; domain name of the website from which you came; search terms you may have used that located us; number of visits; time spent on our site; pages viewed on our site.
We may use this information to measure the use of our website and improve its content.
Our website stores certain information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" file, which may be used to help to improve your use of our website in your subsequent visits. Cookies can be rejected and/or removed; this is controlled by your browser settings.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Through our website, InfoCat will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (for example your name, business address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide it to us by registering for events or to access download material, or by emailing us directly from the website.
When you provide us with personally-identifiable information, we will use it to respond to your enquiry. We may further process your personal information for our legitimate business interests. ‘Legitimate interests’ means the interests of our company in conducting and managing our business, enabling us to offer you high quality services and products. When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we ensure that we consider and balance any potential impact on you, and your rights under data protection laws.
You have the right to object to us using your personal data for our legitimate interests. If you wish to do so please email us at sales@infocat.co.uk. Please bear in mind that if you object to us using your personal data then this may affect our ability to provide a service to you.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise market your personally-identifiable information to third parties.
SECURITY
InfoCat takes precautions to ensure the security of your personal information and protect it from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation, and unauthorised access or disclosure.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to the websites of our business partners, affiliates or other third parties. If you follow a link to any of those websites, please note that this Privacy Policy will not apply to those websites and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for your use of those websites.
QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please email us at sales@infocat.co.uk or through the Contact page on this website.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. For more information, please follow this link.
Privacy Policy
Decline
Got it!