https://www.invoicera.com/privacypolicy.html
PRIVACY POLICY OF INVOICERA FOR CLIENTS TO BE SECURE
Skip to main content
By Role
For Small Businesses
For Enterprises
For Freelancers
FEATURES
Online Invoice
Time Tracking
Online Payments
Expense Management
Subscription Billing
Financial Forecasting
Staff Management
Client Management
Multi Currency and Multi-Lingual
Integrate With Legacy Systems
AR & AP Management
Create Custom Workflow
Estimate Management
Task Management
Project Management
Credit Note Management
Invoice App for iOS
Invoice App for Android
More
Company
Knowledge Base
Add-Ons & Integrations
Blog
API
Contact
Testimonials
Refer & Earn
Pricing
Need Consultation
Login
Privacy Policy
Priority among priorities.
Home
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is our top most priority. We do not sell/ rent/ trade your personal information to any other site/ source. Consider this Privacy Policy as our manifesto for engaging in legal practices through Invoicera and ensure yourself a peace of mind. We strive to provide you an Online Billing experience that would offer you convenience and user friendliness, and our interests are limited only to that year.
We have a business image of dealing with extreme clarity and strive to supersede the tag of 'clean businessman'. Therefore, we do not indulge in any practice that law considers illegal and human behavior terms as unethical.
We are an Online Billing application and gather only the amount of information that is needed to run the application smoothly. The information rests safely with us, and is not outsourced in any form whatsoever.
Clients who are paying online can also be rest assured, as the valuable and sensitive information like their credit card information, phone number and business URLs are dealt with extreme care. The payment gateways we use are highly secured (with SSL encryption) and guarantee no data leakage at any point, whatsoever.
According to the new privacy policy (GDPR) released by EU Govt, we have made the following changes in our policy.
GDPR: is a general data protection regulation. This is a new framework of European data protection legislation. The Data Protection Act of 1998 does not synchronize with the currently allowed Internet, Facebook and Google services, which requires adjustment. The new law aims to harmonize the law on the protection of personal data across Europe and to give individuals greater protection and rights
The new legal package focuses on providing new rights for people who have access to information companies, obligations for better data management for businesses and a new regime of fines. Our voucher has always made sure that it keeps all the information and data of its client 100% secure. With the advent of a new set of security laws, Invoicera keeps in line with all the issued guidelines:
Lawful, fair & transparentInvoicera processes personal data in a legal, fair and transparent manner. Its processing is based on a legitimate purpose and assumes responsibility and does not process the data for any purpose other than legitimate purposes.
Limitation of storage, purpose, & dataInvoicera has always made sure that they ask and process only the data that is needed and needed. Any data that is not relevant to the software has never been requested. The company will continue to abide by the law in the future.
Rights for data subjectInvoicera has always believed in fairplay and data processing that’s transparent. We are always ready to share the reason behind collection of data and its processes.
ConsentInvoicera has and will always make sure to take consent from its subject before using their data beyond the legitimate purposes.
Breach of Personal dataInvoicera
maintains a Personal Data Breach Register and, based on severity, the regulator and data subject will be informed within 72 hours of identifying the breach.
Design PrivacyWe have incorporated organisational and technical mechanisms to protect personal data in the design of new systems and processes; that is, privacy and protection aspects will be ensured by default.
Assessment Of Data Protection ImpactTo assess the impact of changes or new actions, when launching a new project, changes or products will perform a data protection impact assessment. The data protection impact assessment is the procedure to be followed when there is a significant change in the processing of personal data.
Data transfersInvoicera will always make sure to respect GDPR requirements and personal data of its clients is protected.
Data Protection OfficerWe have assigned a significant Data Protection Officer to make sure the data, while processing, fulfills GDPR requirements.
Awareness and trainingEach employee of Invoicera is aware about the key GDPR requirements and will make sure to fulfill the required guidelines throughout.
We however reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Statement at any point of time. However, any information that is directly or indirectly related to your privacy would be updated in this section, so you are requested to visit the page regularly.
Rate us
4.9
out of 5.0
by  52341
clients  for  Online Invoicing and Billing Software.
Tweet
INVOICERA FOR
Utility
Telecommunications
Transportation & Logistics
Freelancers
Legal Firms
Manufacturers
Real Estate
Traders
Photographers
Consultants & IT Firms
Contractors
Restaurants & Hotels
Insurance and Banking
Digital Agencies
Tours & Travels
PRODUCT
For Small Businesses
For Enterprises
For Freelancers
Add-Ons
Pricing
Invoicera Updates
Android Invoice App
iOS-Invoice-App
Free-Invoice-Generator
HELPFUL LINKS
Login
Add-Ons & Integrations
Knowledge Base
API Reference
Blog
About
Press
Partners
Contact
Case Studies
Testimonials
CONNECT WITH US
IN: +91-9582957066Toll Free +18882971251
(10:00 am - 12:00 midnight IST)
Download App
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Data Backup
Feedback
Copyright © 2004-2020 Invoicera. All rights reserved.
Request a Demo
Individual
Small Business
Enterprises
Reset
OR , Book our calendar , instantly
Talk to Customer Delight Team @Invoicera
Book a demonstration to learn more about Invoicera and how it can be better fit for your business needs.
Our specialists give you in-depth insights into the product. Take a guided tour and get all your queries answered
We are available from Monday to Friday 09.00 AM to 12.00 Midnight (IST)