https://www.informationwarfarecenter.com/privacy-policy.html
Toggle navigation
Information Warfare Center
Services
Training
Cyber Range
Cyber Intel Report
Threat Feed
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
The Policy
Information Warfare Center (I.W.C.) maintains and operates this and other web sites (collectively the "I.W.C. Sites") and are sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. Accordingly, I.W.C. believes that you should know our online information practices, the kinds of information we may collect and how we intend to use this information.
For each visitor to an I.W.C. Site, we may automatically collect the visitor's domain name and/or their IP address.
If you communicate with us by e-mail, we may collect your e-mail address; otherwise, personally identifiable information is only collected on I.W.C. Sites if you voluntarily choose to provide it. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. If we are requesting personally identifiable information, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect it from you, but before you provide it to us.
The information collected may be aggregated to analyze what pages our visitors' access, the number of visits, average time spent on the site, etc. The aggregated information is utilized to improve the design and content of the I.W.C. Sites. Usually the personally identifiable information we collect is used to respond to the visitor's inquiry, but in some instances, it may be used for market research or to provide you with information about our own or related goods or services that we believe support your business needs, or in response to inquiries about potential employment. We may make this information available to our distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates so that they may respond to a visitor's inquiry or provide information about our own or related goods or services that we believe support your business needs. Alternatively I.W.C. Sites may provide links to the Web Sites of our distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates and while we believe they have high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices they employ.
I.W.C. will not sell to third parties any personally identifiable information derived from a visitor's visit to or use of an I.W.C. Site except as part of the sale of all or a part of the company.
With respect to cookies: We may use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If I.W.C.'s Privacy Policy changes or, if in the future, we intend to use information collected at an I.W.C. Site in a new manner not previously disclosed to you, we will post such changes on our Sites. Only information collected after such posting shall be subject to the new Policy or will be put to the new use.
With respect to security: We can't guarantee that any information we transmit or receive to/from our sites are secure and private. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any such information. Any information you provide is at your own risk.