http://www.babystepsweb.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyLast Modified September 24, 2019This Privacy Policy of Baby Steps Design Group, Inc. ("Baby Steps" or "we") discloses to each visitor  to our website ("You") our privacy practices and the possible uses of the information that we gather via www.babystepsweb.com and from the submissions, if any, made by You through our website (collectively, the "Website").  If You do not agree with all of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, including having Your personally identifiable information ("Personal Information", as further defined below) used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy, You should not and may not use our Website.  Baby Steps may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion.  It is Your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy for any changes each time that You visit or use the Website, and You are bound by such changes.  Use of the Website by You following our posting a new privacy policy on our Website constitutes Your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as modified.  This Privacy Policy is part of and is hereby incorporated into our Website's Terms of Use.Information CollectedIf You are simply visiting our Website, Baby Steps does not gather or save any personal information about You, except to the limited extent through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, which are described below.  Baby Steps may collect information about You in certain circumstances and in various ways, including, but not limited to, by Your voluntary, online submissions to us and from third parties.  More specifically, Baby Steps may gather and save the following information:Personal Information "Personal Information" refers to information that tells us specifically who You are, such as Your name, e-mail address, phone number, fax number, postal address and possibly information relating to certain support or customer service issues.  In many cases, we need this information to provide to You all or a portion of the services that You may have requested; for example, in fulfillment of your online request for a quote for our services on a potential project.Aggregate Information We may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Website, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they click on.  This information represents a generic overview of our users, including their collective viewing habits, and allows us and third parties to modify our Website information, marketing emphasis, etc. based on user traffic and behavior.  We may collect this information through the use of technologies such as "cookies" and web beacons, which are discussed in greater detail below.  We collect this information in order to help enhance the Website to make for a better visitor experience.Cookies Baby Steps may automatically collect non-personally identifiable information and data through the use of cookies.  Cookies are small text files a website uses to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to the website and facilitate the use of the website.  Cookies also allow a website to track usage behavior and compile site usage information that will allow for the improvement of content and target advertising.  Most browsers allow You to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.  You may set Your browsers to notify You if You receive a cookie, or You may choose to block cookies with Your browser.  However, please be aware that some features of our Website may not function or may be slower if You refuse cookies.  You may also get cookies from our advertisers or other third parties with links on the Website as described below.  We do not control these cookies.  The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party ad servers is standard in the Internet industry.Other Tracking Technologies Tracking technologies may record information such as:  Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns, and; dates and times that our Website are accessed.  An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer whenever You are surfing the web.  Web servers (the computers that "serve up" webpages) automatically identify Your computer by its IP address.  The Website may also use technology called "tracer tags".  These may also be referred to as "Pixels", "Clear GIFs" or "Web Beacons".  This technology allows us to understand which pages You visit on our Website and other ways You interact with our Website, such as the frequency of Your comments posted through the Website.  These tracer tags are used to help us to optimize and tailor our Website for You and other users of our Website.  We may link the information we record using tracking technologies to Personal Information we collect.Use of InformationThe information Baby Steps collects is used in a variety of ways, including:for internal review and internal business analysis or other business purposes consistent with our mission;to improve the Website;to optimize third-party offers of services and/or products;to notify You about updates to the Website;to let You know about services, products and promotions that You may be interested in;for our marketing purposes, and;to fulfill and provide services, including personalized or enhanced services, requested by You.Disclosures and Transfers of InformationWe do not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except when one or more of the following conditions is true:We have Your permission to make the disclosure;The disclosure is consistent with the purpose for which the Personal Information was obtained;The disclosure is permitted by law;The Personal Information to be disclosed is publicly available;The disclosure is reasonably related to the sale or other disposition of all or part of our business or assets;The disclosure is for our own internal marketing purposes or, with Your authorization, for the marketing purposes of third parties;The party to whom the disclosure is made controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Baby Steps;The disclosure is, in our sole and absolute discretion, necessary for the establishment or maintenance of legal claims or legal compliance, to satisfy any law, regulation, subpoena or government request or in connection with litigation;The disclosure is, in our sole and absolute discretion, about users whom we believe are engaged in illegal activities or are otherwise in violation of our Terms of Use, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order, or;The disclosure is to outside businesses to perform certain services for us, such as maintaining our Website, mailing lists, processing submissions for quotes and delivering services, sending postal mail, processing claims for lost or stolen Internet certificates, providing marketing assistance and data analysis (collectively, "Administrative Contractors").Prior to sharing of Your Personal Information with others, agreements are made between Baby Steps and such outside parties to whom we are transferring data.  If Baby Steps becomes aware that any such outside party is improperly using or disclosing Personal Information, it will notify that outside party and request that it take reasonable steps to cease such use or disclosure.If You properly notify us that You no longer want us to share Your Personal Information, we will cease sharing Your Personal Information.  However, except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not control the third parties to which we share such Personal Information and You will need to further notify such third parties directly if You would like them to cease use of Your Personal Information.We may also disclose aggregate visitor data in order to describe the use of the Website to our existing or potential business partners or other third parties, or in response to a government request.  We may also share aggregated demographic and preference data with third parties to enable the provision of targeted information, promotions, offers and/or discounts on services.Choice: Opt-In/Opt-OutYou may contact Baby Steps to ask us whether we are keeping information about You, how Your information is being used, to update or delete Your information or opt-out of the collection and use of certain information, by sending an e-mail to hello@babyste.ps specifying the nature and scope of Your request.  If You choose to delete Your information or opt-out of the collection and use of Your information, You understand that certain services may no longer be available to You.  Please state in Your correspondence the details of Your request.  We may require proof of Your identity before we provide You with the requested information.  We allow You to challenge the data that we hold about You and, where appropriate, You may have the data erased, rectified, amended or completed.  Approved requests will be processed within ten (10) days of the date on which we approve the request.Data Security, Integrity and AccessThe Personal Information that You provide and we collect is stored within databases that we control directly or through our Administrative Contractors.  As we deem appropriate, we use security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls, to protect Your Personal Information.  However, since no security system is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information You supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of Your state, province or country where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those where You live.  If You are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please be aware that we transfer Personal Information to the United States and process and store it there.  By submitting Your Personal Information, You consent to having Your personal data transferred to, processed and stored in the United States.Third Party Websites and LinksPlease note that You may have cookies placed on Your computer by third-party websites that refer You to our Website.  Although we do not share Your Personal Information with these third-party websites unless You have authorized us to do so, they may be able to link certain non-personally identifiable information we transfer to them with Personal Information they previously collected from You.  Please review the privacy policies of each website You visit to better understand their privacy practices.  In addition, Baby Steps would like to inform You that, anytime You click on links (including advertising banners) that take You to third-party websites, You will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies.  While we support the protection of our customers' privacy on the Internet, Baby Steps expressly disclaims any and all liability for the actions of third parties, including, but not limited to, actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of Personal Information by third parties.Our Website may contain links to other sites operated by third parties.  Baby Steps does not control such other sites and is not responsible for their content, their privacy policies or their use of Personal Information.  Baby Steps' inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content on such sites or of their owners or operators, except as clearly and expressly disclosed on the Website.  Any information submitted by You directly to these third parties is subject to each third party's privacy policy.Children's PrivacyBaby Steps does not intend the Website to be used by individuals under the age of 18 without the supervision of a parent or guardian 18 years of age or older.  Baby Steps relies upon parents or guardians 18 years of age or older to determine if the Website is appropriate for the viewing, access or participation by such individuals under the age of 18.  If an individual under the age of 18 uses the Website, such individual may only use the Website under the supervision of a parent or guardian 18 years of age or older.We do not seek or knowingly collect any Personal Information about children under 13 years of age.  If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.Governing Law, Visitors Residing Outside the United StatesThis Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of Baby Steps will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law principles.  Baby Steps makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any country outside the United States.How To Contact UsFor all requests, questions or concerns about Your Personal Information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at hello@babyste.ps.  We also welcome your questions and comments and requests via postal mail at 4130 Cahuenga Blvd, Suite 115, Toluca Lake, California 91602 USA.
top