https://www.w3.org/TR/2012/NOTE-app-privacy-bp-20120703/
Web Application Privacy Best PracticesW3C Working Group Note 03 July 2012This version:http://www.w3.org/TR/2012/NOTE-app-privacy-bp-20120703/Latest published version:http://www.w3.org/TR/app-privacy-bp/Latest editor's draft:http://dev.w3.org/2009/dap/privacy-practices/Previous version:http://www.w3.org/TR/2011/WD-app-privacy-bp-20110804/Editor:Frederick Hirsch, Nokia
Copyright © 2012 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio), All Rights Reserved. W3C liability, trademark and document use rules apply.
Abstract
This document describes privacy best practices for web
applications, including those that might use device
APIs.
Status of This DocumentThis section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication. Other documents may supersede this document. A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This document outlines privacy best practices for web
applications that may rely upon device APIs. These web
application practices impact the user of the web application
but are not directly related to the API definition itself, but
rather the context of the use of those APIs by the web
application.
Since the last publication of this document, a new best practice
related to "active consent" has been added (best practice 6),
"informed consent" is noted in an existing practice (best practice
3), various editorial wording changes have been made, and the
practices have also been renumbered to accomodate the addition
of the new practice.
A red-line showing the changes since the
previous publication is available.
This document was published by the Device APIs Working Group as a Working Group Note. If you wish to make comments regarding this document, please send them to public-device-apis@w3.org (subscribe, archives). All feedback is welcome.Publication as a Working Group Note does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership. This is a draft document and may be updated, replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time. It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress.This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy. W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent. An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim(s) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy.Table of Contents1. Introduction2. Privacy By Design3. User Centric Design4. Minimize collection and
transmission of personal data5. Maintain the confidentiality of personal data6. Control and log access7. Best Practices SummaryA. ReferencesA.1 Normative referencesA.2 Informative references
1. Introduction
This document outlines good privacy practices for web
applications, including those that might use
device APIs. This continues the work on privacy best practices
in section 3.3.1 on "User Awareness and Control"
Mobile Web Application Best Practices [MWABP]. It does not repeat the privacy principles and
requirements documented in the Device API Privacy Requirements Note
[DAP-PRIVACY-REQS] which should also be consulted.
2. Privacy By Design
The principles of "Privacy by Design" should be reflected in the
web application design and implementation, including the use
of device APIs.
These are enumerated below and in more detail in the reference
[PRIVACY-BY-DESIGN].
Best Practice 1: Follow "Privacy By Design" principles.
Proactively consider privacy, make preservation of
privacy the default, including privacy in a
user-centric and transparent design without making
tradeoffs against privacy for other features as
privacy is possible along with other functionality.
These principles include the following:
Proactive not Reactive; Preventative not Remedial
Privacy as the Default Setting
Privacy Embedded into Design
Full Functionality — Positive-Sum, not Zero-Sum
End-to-End Security — Full Lifecycle Protection
Visibility and Transparency — Keep it Open
Respect for User Privacy — Keep it User-Centric
3. User Centric Design
Privacy should be user centric, giving the user understanding
and control over use of their personal data.
Best Practice 2: Enable the user to make informed decisions about
sharing their personal information with a service.
The end user should have enough information about a service
and how it will use their personal information to make an
informed decision on whether to share information with that service.
This should include understanding of the data to be shared,
clarity about how long data will be kept
and information with whom it will be shared (and for what purpose).
Best Practice 3: Enable the user to make decisions at the
appropriate time with the correct contextual information.
The user should have the opportunity to decide whether to
share information (and what to share) at the time it is
needed. This is necessary as the decision can depend on the
context, including the details of what the user is trying to
accomplish, the details of that task, and differences in how
the service will operate, use and share data.
The Web Application should make sure that consent is "informed
consent" and provide necessary privacy notice and other information at
the time user consent is required, either through action or
other means.
Best Practice 4: When learning user privacy
decisions and providing defaults, allow the user to easily view and
change their previous decisions.
A service may learn and remember personal information of the
user in order to improve a service. One example is
remembering a billing address; another example might be
remembering
payment information. When doing so the service should make it
clear to the user which information is retained and how it is
used. It should give the user an opportunity to correct or remove
the information.
Best Practice 5: Focus on usability and avoid needless prompting.
Focusing on usability should improve a service as well as
making it easier for the user to understand and control use of their
personal information. Minimize use of modal dialogs as they
harm the user experience and many users will not understand how to
respond to prompts, instead making a choice that enables them to
continue their work
[GEOLOCATION-PRIVACY].
Best Practice 6: Active consent should be freely given, for
specific data,
and be informed.
Active consent is where user action is
taken to also give permission, avoiding the need for consent
dialogs. Such active consent should be freely given, for
specific data,
and be informed. Thus the user should be able
to cancel the operation, know which data is shared, and have
adequate information at the time of the action regarding the
intended use of the data [CONSENT-EU-WP187]. The web
application should provide the user with information on
intended use in conjunction with device API usage.
Examples of active consent include selecting
contact fields to share, electing to create a picture by
clicking on the camera shutter, and so on.
Active consent can improve usability
and be less disruptive than consent dialogs, and can also
meet privacy requirements if appropriate criteria are met.
Best Practice 7: Be clear and
transparent to users regarding
potential privacy concerns.
The end user should understand if information is being used
by the service itself or being shared with a third
party, especially when third party services are
involved in a "mashup".
Best Practice 8: Be clear as to whether information is
needed on a one-time basis or is necessary for a period of
time and for how long.
The end user should understand whether information collected is
for a single use or will be retained and have an impact over time.
4. Minimize collection and
transmission of personal data
Review the data and how it is structured and used, minimizing
the amount and detail of data required to provide a service.
Best Practice 9: Request the minimum number of data
items at the
minimum level of detail needed to provide a service.
As an example, an address book entry is not the
natural level of granularity as the user may wish to
share various individual address
book fields independently. Thus the natural level of
granularity in an address book is a field and no
more than the necessary fields should be provided in
response to
an address book entry request.
Best Practice 10:
Retain the minimum amount of data at the minimum level of detail for
the minimum amount of time needed.
Consider potential misuses of retained data and
possible countermeasures.
As an example, retaining user payment information
entails the risk of this information being stolen and
misused. Perhaps it does not need to be retained but
if it is (with user permission) perhaps it should be
encrypted (to give one possible countermeasure).
5. Maintain the confidentiality of personal data
Best Practice 11:
Maintain the confidentiality of user data in
transmission, for example using HTTPS for
transport rather than HTTP.
Use of HTTPS can provide confidentiality of
personal data in
transport when an appropriate cipher suite is
required.
This should be done for sensitive personal
information unless confidentiality can be assured by other means.
Best Practice 12:
Maintain the confidentiality of user data in
storage.
The confidentiality of personal information should be
maintained
when in storage, to prevent inadvertent or
malicious loss (e.g. break in to a server, theft of backups
or other threats).
6. Control and log access
Best Practice 13: Control and log access to data.
Control access to information through access controls and
log access.
7. Best Practices SummaryBest Practice 1: Follow "Privacy By Design" principlesBest Practice 2: Enable the user to make informed decisions about
sharing their personal information with a service.
Best Practice 3: Enable the user to make decisions at the
appropriate time with the correct contextual information.
Best Practice 4: When learning user privacy
decisions and providing defaults, allow the user to easily view and
change their previous decisions.
Best Practice 5: Focus on usability and avoid needless prompting.
Best Practice 6: Active consent should be freely given, for
specific data,
and be informed.
Best Practice 7: Be clear and
transparent to users regarding
potential privacy concerns.
Best Practice 8: Be clear as to whether information is
needed on a one-time basis or is necessary for a period of
time and for how long.
Best Practice 9: Request the minimum number of data
items at the
minimum level of detail needed to provide a service.Best Practice 10:
Retain the minimum amount of data at the minimum level of detail for
the minimum amount of time needed.
Consider potential misuses of retained data and
possible countermeasures.
Best Practice 11:
Maintain the confidentiality of user data in
transmission, for example using HTTPS for
transport rather than HTTP.
Best Practice 12:
Maintain the confidentiality of user data in
storage.
Best Practice 13: Control and log access to data.
A. ReferencesA.1 Normative referencesNo normative references.A.2 Informative references[CONSENT-EU-WP187]WP189, Opinion 15/2011 on the definition of consent. EU Article 29 Data Protection Working Party, 01197/11/EN WP187. 13 July 2011. URL: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/policies/privacy/docs/wpdocs/2011/wp187_en.pdf
[DAP-PRIVACY-REQS]Alissa Cooper, Frederick Hirsch, John Morris. Device API Privacy Requirements 29 June 2010. W3C Note URL: http://www.w3.org/TR/2010/NOTE-dap-privacy-reqs-20100629/
[GEOLOCATION-PRIVACY]Marcos Cáceres Privacy of Geolocation Implementations, "W3C Workshop on Privacy for Advanced Web APIs" paper, 12/13 July 2010. URL: http://www.w3.org/2010/api-privacy-ws/papers/privacy-ws-21.pdf
[MWABP]Adam Connors; Bryan Sullivan. Mobile Web Application Best Practices. 14 December 2010. W3C Recommendation. URL: http://www.w3.org/TR/2010/REC-mwabp-20101214/
[PRIVACY-BY-DESIGN]Ann Cavoukian, PhD. Privacy By Design: The 7 Foundational Principles. August 2009, revised January 2011. URL: http://www.ipc.on.ca/images/Resources/7foundationalprinciples.pdf