http://www.typeculture.com/privacy
Foundry
Font Collection Technical Support Testimonials Upgrades End-User License AgreementAcademic Resource
Articles & Essays Videos Research Directory Education ExtrasServicesAfrica SchoolhouseAboutContact
Privacy Policy
TypeCulture knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting TypeCulture.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version of the Online Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
Using the TypeCulture website or purchasing TypeCulture products does not require registration, passwords, subscription or membership status with TypeCulture LLC. We will not send you newsletters or email advertisements.
Collection of personal information
When you engage in certain activities with TypeCulture, such as ordering or selecting products, or downloading software, you are not actually doing this at the TypeCulture website. By clicking on “Add to Cart,” you are transferred to MyCommerce Share-it, an e-commerce company and subsidiary of DR MyCommerce Inc., with which we have a service agreement. MyCommerce Share-it and TypeCulture are separate businesses. MyCommerce Share-it handles ordering, transactions and the electronic delivery of TypeCulture products.
You can view the MyCommerce Share-it privacy statement at https://www.mycommerce.com/privacy-policy/
When you purchase licenses to fonts, MyCommerce Share-it will ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, MyCommerce Share-it will ask that you provide them with personal information, such as: your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and your credit card details. Therefore, if you order a product that is to be electronically downloaded, the information is used to verify credit cards, issue multi-user license documents, re-deliver orders in the case of transmission failure and to maintain your customer history.
TypeCulture receives only your name, order number & content, address, phone number and email address from MyCommerce Share-it. TypeCulture keeps this information for the sole purpose of verifying orders in the event of a customer support request.
We understand your need for privacy. This information is kept confidential and is for TypeCulture’s records only. We will not sell, rent or share your details with other parties.
Google Analytics
The TypeCulture website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help TypeCulture analyze how visitors use its website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
IP-anonymization is active on this website. Therefore, your IP-address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the whole IP-address be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
The IP-address, which your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
TypeCulture does not use Google Ads.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit TypeCulture.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Maine. If you have any concern about privacy at TypeCulture.com, please send us a thorough description by email, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Expo Serif Pro
Now available in our foundry and on Typekit
This site uses cookies to deliver our services. By using our site you agree to our Privacy Policy
Dismiss