http://www.idealcomputersystems.com/privacy
Privacy
General Information
This is the privacy policy that applies to the domain(s) below. We refer to the web site(s) accessible through the domain(s) and all related web sites as “sites” and to each of them as a “site.”
idealcomputersystems.com
www.idealcomputersystems.com
When we refer to “we,” “us,” or “our,” we mean Constellation Dealership group, an operating division of Constellation Homebuilder Systems Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the province of Ontario, or the specific division, subsidiary, or affiliate that operates a site, provides its content, or processes information received through it, each as appropriate and applicable.
When we refer to “you” or “your,” we mean the person accessing the site. If the person accessing the site does so on behalf of, or for the purposes of, another person, including a business or other organization, “you” or “your” also means that other person, including a business organization.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for the sites. This privacy policy does not cover information we collect by means other than a site. If you have any questions about how we use information collected by means other than a site, you should inquire at or before the time you give such information to us.
Note that this policy contains several important exceptions, most notably the exception involving use of information to identify and/or pursue persons who are under criminal investigation or who damage, or may damage, our information or other resources. Please read the entire privacy policy to be sure that you understand these exceptions.
Information Ownership, Collection and Use
We are the sole owner of the information collected through the sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from those disclosed in this policy. We may collect information from its users at several different points on the site.
This privacy policy addresses some types of information, means of collecting information, and uses of information that may not presently apply to one or more of the sites. We tell you about these types of information, means of collecting information, and uses of information anyway because we want to maintain flexibility in offering additional features without having to revisit our terms and conditions or privacy policy every time we revise a site or offer new functions. No description of any type of information, means of collecting information, or use of information will require us to collect any particular information, make any particular use of any information, or offer any particular functionality through any site.
Child Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance and Related Information
The Child Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) regulates online collection of information from persons under the age of 13. It is our policy to refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personally identifiable information relating to any person under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not supply any personally identifiable information through the site. If you are under the age of 18 and have already provided personally identifiable information through the site, please contact (or have your parent or guardian contact) us immediately using the information below so that we can remove such information from our files.
Ordering, Event Registration and Related Processes
When and if you order products or services using a site or register for an event, we request information from you using an order form. When we already have information about you (such as through a previous order or registration, whether received through a site or otherwise), we may use such information to facilitate the order or registration process. When using an order form, you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we use this contact information to contact you.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the computer that runs an Internet browser. It can contain information about you, your computer, your browser, your session, the web sites you visit, and other information about you or others who use, or have used, the computer or browser you use to access the Internet. The cookies we use, if any, are not linked to any personally identifiable information while using a site unless you have given us permission to link personally identifiable information to one or more cookies. You give us that permission any time you register on a site, place an order through a site, or identify yourself or the computer you are using through a site.
Most or all browsers permit you to disable or reject cookies. You can do this by setting the preferences in the browser. Use the “help” feature of your browser to obtain more information about refusing cookies. As of the time we wrote this privacy policy, there was information about how to disable cookies at the following web sites. We do not operate either of these web sites and we make no representation or warranty about the information contained in the web sites to which these links will take you.
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb%3ben-us%3b283185
http://wp.netscape.com/legal_notices/cookies.html
If you set the browser you use to reject cookies, you can use the sites, but you may not be able to use the full functionality of one or more of the sites or it may take additional time to utilize such functionality.
One or more of the organizations with which we do business, or to which we provide links from a site, also use cookies. We have no control over such organizations’ uses of cookies and users should review the privacy policies of such organizations to determine the uses such organizations make of cookies.
Log Files
We or our hosting provider may collect traffic information from visitors for statistical analysis and site improvement. When you accesses a site, we or our hosting provider may collect information about your visit in a log file on a server. Log file information may include, but is not limited to, internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We or our hosting provider use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements in the aggregate, and gather demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses and other log file information are not linked to personally identifiable information. We do not try to track users or to identify users individually, but we or our hosting provider do review this information to understand overall trends and to determine what kinds of content are popular and useful to users.
Sharing
(a) Aggregated information
We or our hosting provider may share aggregated demographic information with our users, our affiliated organizations, and other organizations with which we do, or contemplate doing, business. Such information is aggregated and is not linked to any information that can identify individual users.
(b) Outsourcing providers
We may use outside shipping or other outsourcing providers to process and ship orders or perform other functions. We use commercially reasonable diligence to restrict the purposes for which these outsourcing providers may use your personally identifiable information. The requirements or requests that we impose on such outsourcing providers vary with the sensitivity of the information and can, but do not necessarily, include requirements that these outsourcing providers not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes, except for backup and recovery operations. Although we use good faith efforts to impose, and/or ensure compliance by our outsourcing providers, we cannot, and will not, be responsible to users for misuse of personally identifiable information by such outsourcing providers. This section is meant as a general description of our practices. It does not impose any duty upon us and it does not constitute a representation or warranty by us upon which you may rely.
(c) Specific services
We may have agreements with other parties to provide specific services. When you use such services, we may share personally identifiable information with such parties. In such cases, we will use its good faith efforts to restrict the information provided to the information necessary for the provision of such services.
(d) General use
We share personally identifiable information (whether in return for compensation or otherwise) with various vendors, suppliers, and advertisers. While we use good faith efforts to verify that such vendors, suppliers, and advertisers promote products and services of interest to site users, we cannot, and do not, endorse such vendors, suppliers, advertisers, products or services unless we expressly state otherwise. We share only such information as you yourself provide to us or someone else provides about you (such as through a registration process) and do not share personally identifiable information derived indirectly through IP address tracing or similar means. If you wish us to refrain from providing your personally identifiable information in this manner, please see the opt-out information and contact information provided below.
Links and Information Gathered by Others
One or more sites may contain links to other web sites. We do not operate those web sites, we cannot control the information that the operators of such web sites gather or what the operators of such web sites do with the information, and we are therefore not responsible for the activities of the operators of such web sites.
Newsletter
If you wish to subscribe to a newsletter we offer or to a mailing list that we maintain, we will collect from you contact information necessary to send the newsletter or other information to you. This is usually limited to your e-mail address, but may include other information.
Testimonials Disclaimer
The testimonials, statements, and opinions presented on our website are applicable to the individual depicted. Results will vary and may not be representative of the experience of others. The testimonials are voluntarily provided and are not paid.
Surveys and Contests
From time to time, we may request information from you using surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice as to whether to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address) and demographic information (such as zip code and type of user). We will use such contact information to notify winners and award prizes, and to monitor or improve the use of one or more sites and provide aggregated information for our own uses or to our customers or other organizations, and we may also use it to notify you of news about us or our affiliates or promotions of our products or services or the products or services of people with whom we do business.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Ideal Computer Systems website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can
opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or
permanently using a browser plugin.
Tell-A-Friend
We may offer a referral service that allows you to inform your friends and other acquaintances about content on the site. If you elect to use such a referral service, we will collect the friend or acquaintance’s e-mail address and use it to send the friend or acquaintance a one-time e-mail inviting the friend or acquaintance to visit one or more sites or providing the information you requested. We store this contact information for the sole purpose of sending the one-time e-mail.
Security
Where we collect nonpublic personal information from you, we or one or more of our services providers use industry-standard encryption and security standards to protect such information. You can tell whether encryption is being used by noting the “locked” or other status indicator on the browser you are using. If the browser you are using does not indicate that the session is secure (e.g. by displaying a key or other icon), you should assume that the connection is not secure and that third parties will receive the information shared by you and us during that part of the session.
We also use commercially reasonable efforts to protect user information offline. All sensitive user information is maintained in our offices or at the facilities of our information technology provider(s). We cause access to servers and connections to be limited by key or other access. Only employees or agents who need the information to perform specific functions are granted access to personally identifiable information. We use reasonable efforts to assure that its employees and agents are informed of our security and privacy practices.
Supplementation of Information
We sometimes supplement the information we receive from you with other information we receive from third party sources, such as credit card issuers or clearinghouses.
Special Offers
We may send to you a welcoming e-mail that may also verify password and user name information. We occasionally send newsletters or information about products, services, and special deals to users like you. You may opt to not receive such informational communications by using the contact information below.
Site and Service Updates
We may also send to you updates and service announcements about one or more of the sites. You may not un-subscribe or opt not to receive such announcements because such announcements contain important information about the services offered through the relevant site(s).
Misappropriation of Personal Information
For the purposes of any applicable law regarding notification of persons whose personal information was, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthorized person, our information security policy provides that any required notification may, where permitted by law, be made by the use of e-mail, telephone, fax, mail (including a notice printed in an available area of a bill or statement) or posting a notice on a site. The specific means used is up to us and we will use our judgment based on the circumstances. Where any notice is to be sent to a specific address or number (such as e-mail address, physical address, telephone number, etc.), we will use the latest available address in our records. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE TO THIS MEANS OF NOTIFICATION.
Correcting or Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire service, you may contact us at the email address of IdealSales@idealcomputersystems.com and we will accommodate all reasonable requests for such changes.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive newsletters or promotional materials or have their information provided to third parties may opt to not receive such communications or have information shared by contacting us using the information below. We will comply with such requests as soon as is commercially practicable. Such compliance may involve batch processing and other processes that take 30 days or longer. If you opt not to receive such communications or allow us to share your information and then give your personal information to us again using one of the sites under circumstances that permit us to use your information, we will regard your opt-out as rescinded.
In most cases, it is impractical for use to stop any other party to whom we have supplied your information from continuing to use the information and opting out will usually not stop other parties to whom we have provided your information from continuing to use it.
To change your preference with regard to the way your information is treated, please send us an email at IdealSales@idealcomputersystems.com.
Response Times
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to timely make any changes you request. Many such changes are accomplished using batch processing (i.e. collecting a number of similar change requests and making all such changes at once), so the changes may not be immediately effective. If you require an immediate change to your personally identifiable information and are unable to make such a change using the available site resources, please contact us using the information below.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on one or more sites and/or other places we deem appropriate.
Except as stated below, we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If we decide to use information about you in a manner different from that stated in the privacy policy in effect at the time of collection, we will notify you by e-mail if, and to the extent that, you have provided your e-mail address. If you reply to such an e-mail within a reasonable time and request that we not use your personally identifiable information in the proposed new manner, we will honor your request, but we reserve the right to suspend your access to all or part of the services offered through one or more sites if you do so. If you do not reply to such an e-mail, or we receive a reply of “undeliverable” or similar message from your last known e-mail address, in either case after a reasonable time, we will use the information in the proposed new manner.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS CHANGE PROCEDURE.
Exceptions
Notwithstanding anything else in this privacy policy to the contrary, we may collect personally identifiable information and use such information in ways other than those described above if we are required to do so by law or if we deem it advisable in the course of assisting law enforcement activities or protecting our site(s) or other property.
Contact Information
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy or if you have questions regarding the policy, you may contact our privacy liaison using the following information.
If you (a) wish to begin or end receipt of newsletters or promotional information (b) wish to update your user information, or (c) wish to opt in or out of any other service offered through the site, please contact our technical personnel using the following information. Please be sure to include your name and your user name (if applicable), but do not include any information regarding your password(s), if any.
About Us
Management
Support
Partners
News
Events
Industries  |  Resources  |  About Us
Contact Sales
800-737-1620
Ideal Computer Systems  |  Constellation Dealership Software
Privacy  |  Terms