http://www.cotse.net/privacy/cellphones.htm
APacketdermLLCService
CELLPHONE PRIVACY
For news stories on the use of cellphone cameras to invade privacy,
see the Surveillance section. For news stories on instant message
"spim," see the Chat and Instant
Messaging section
China's tech commissars target SMS porn
"China's Ministry of Information Industry, the regulator of telecom, Internet and information-technology development, said it is targeting cell-phone smut."
Full story - UPI
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 27 14:23:17 EDT 2005
China's porno text spammers "have gone too far," says MII
"China is expected to pass its first comprehensive law regarding short messaging service (SMS) soon, by which pornography SMS senders will be punished, Shen Yongtao, a director of Telecom Regulation Bureau under the Ministry of Information Industry (MII) told Interfax."
Full story - Interfax
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:05:18 EDT 2005
Court Nixes Some Ads Sent to Cell Phones
"The unanimous ruling by a three-judge Court of Appeals panel upholds a trial judge's pretrial ruling in favor of a man who had sued a mortgage company in 2001 after it sent two unsolicited text messages to his cell phone. Rodney L. Joffe claimed that the calls by Acacia Mortgage Corp. violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991."
Full story - BizReport
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 21 16:28:18 EDT 2005
Paris Hilton hacker sent to jail
"Reports vary on how the teenager got access to Ms Hilton's handset. One account claims he tricked a T-Mobile worker into telling him a password for the firm's internal computer system.
Another claims he tricked an employee into opening an e-mail infected with a virus that helped him get access."
Full story - BBC
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 16 12:12:16 EDT 2005
MIT researchers map city by cellphone
"Researchers at MIT may not be able to hear your cellphone call, but they have found a way to see it. They mapped a city in real time by tracking tens of thousands of people traveling about carrying cellphones."
Full story - physorg.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 16 10:57:56 EDT 2005
Cell phone operators in Japan working to filter out harmful sites
"... cell-phone operators in Japan are working to introduce Internet filtering software for cell phones to protect children from pornographic and other harmful sites, it has emerged.
Many parents find it more difficult to control Internet content on children's cell phones than on home computers, and police have welcomed the idea of a filtering function, saying it would help prevent crime."
Full story - MSN Japan
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 15 13:06:17 EDT 2005
Theft of Verizon Wireless Customer Records By Tennessee Company Halted
"Verizon Wireless announced today that it has secured a court order to halt a Tennessee-based company's illegal practice of obtaining and selling confidential telephone records of Verizon Wireless customers."
Full story - finanzen.net
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 15 09:25:51 EDT 2005
Ethical guide to hacking mobile phones from Fadia
"Hackers today have a new technological device to target.. The awareness, however, with regard to the various methods by which mobile devices can be hacked and how this can be avoided is minuscule.. "We have always assumed that data stored on mobile phones is safe. Today we use our mobile phones to send sensitive data, store important information and even digitally sign on major documents. There is, therefore, greater threat to data security on mobile phones today.""
Full story - Business Standard
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 14 15:59:16 EDT 2005
Coming for Cell Phones: 411
"The times are changing. Starting next year, millions of cell phone users will be available through the same 411 service that lists standard phone numbers, and there are moves afoot to include VOIP telephone numbers in phone directories, as well."
Full story - Ecommerce Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep 11 09:34:44 EDT 2005
Fear over EU phone details plan
"EU ministers' plans to store details of every mobile phone call in Europe were subjected to a barrage of criticism from the industry.
Experts said they feared the details they are being asked to store for at least 12 months - so police can track terrorists and crime gangs - would breach existing European privacy laws."
Full story - Daily Mail
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep
8 16:18:43 EDT 2005
Mobile Service Protects Customers' Privacy
"SK Telecom starts privacy-protecting Well Being Call service blocking incoming calls on Sunday and holidays with the exception of calls from preliminarily defined emergency callers, the mobile operator announced on Wednesday."
Full story - Telecoms Korea
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep
7 11:17:34 EDT 2005
Verizon Wireless Sues Telemarketers
""We just consider it to be a tremendous invasion of privacy," Verizon Wireless spokeswoman Robin Nicol said Friday. "Customers look at their wireless phones as one of the last bastions of privacy that they have.""
Full story - CIO Today
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep
6 13:36:44 EDT 2005
Camera Phones Give Flashers Unexpected Exposure
"When the stranger on the subway car unzipped his fly and started fondling himself, Thao Nguyen, 23, did what any woman confronted by a flasher might like to do.
She took out her cellphone, snapped him in the act with its built-in camera, then posted the image online."
Full story - L.A. Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep
6 09:10:33 EDT 2005
Police blotter: Cell phone tracking rejected
"In the first case of its kind, a federal judge chastises the U.S. Department of Justice for trying to constantly track a cell phone user's location without providing any proof of criminal behavior."
Full story - CNet News
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep
2 18:14:54 EDT 2005
Verizon Wireless files its first lawsuit against telemarketers
"Verizon Wireless is suing telemarketing companies in Florida and California, accusing them of illegally soliciting the company's cell phone users, making more than 1 million calls to its customers this summer."
Full story - centredaily.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep
2 18:07:11 EDT 2005
Handphone move a violation of people's privacy
"Kuala Lumpur: The checking of headphones by the police for obscene or pornographic images is a violation of an individual's privacy, the Bar Council said.
The police should only check people suspected of downloading smut to their handphones, said Bar Council President Yeoh Yong Poh."
Full story - Information Week
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep
2 15:02:31 EDT 2005
Top 10 Mobile Device Privacy Policies
"People are storing more types of confidential information on mobile computing devices than their employers or they themselves know. Think about where you keep your credit card and bank account numbers, passwords, and confidential e-mails. What about strategic information about your organization? Merger or takeover plans? Information that could impact stock values?"
Full story - Information Week
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep
2 15:00:03 EDT 2005
Lawsuit Says Apparent Use Of Auto-Dialers and Pre-recorded Messages In Calls To Cell Phones Violated Federal, State Laws (press release)
"... In separate lawsuits, believed to be the first of their kind by a U.S. wireless provider against telemarketing firms, Verizon Wireless is seeking injunctions against the two companies, Intelligent Alternatives of San Diego, CA, and Resort Marketing Trends of Coral Springs, FL, that apparently made hundreds of thousands of calls to cell phone customers using pre-recorded messages and auto-dialers in violation of the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act as well as state laws."
Full story - PR Newswire
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep
1 10:04:39 EDT 2005
Dutch police send 17,000 text messages in hunt for soccer hooligans
"In a high-tech hunt for hooligans, Dutch police sent 17,000 text messages Wednesday to mobile phones of fans who attended a soccer match between rival clubs Ajax and Feyenoord in Rotterdam last season... Phone companies voluntarily handed over the mobile phone numbers of people who were in or around Feyenoord's Kuip stadium on the day of the match - traceable using broadcasting masts in the area."
Full story - FOX Sports
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 31 12:49:58 EDT 2005
Other resources on CELLPHONE PRIVACY:
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.