http://www.corriganinc.com/Web05.nsf/pages/privacy?opendocument
CorriganInc.Com's Privacy Policy
Home :: Privacy
Privacy Policy For www.corriganinc.com
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This page explains how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site. To help you make an informed decision about sharing information with us, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the way your information is collected and used. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Corrigan Consulting website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Title
Organization Name
Domino Domain Name
Number of Notes UsersStreet Address
City, State, Zip
Country
Phone number
E-mail address
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when requesting assistance or requesting a download only to complete that request. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive and to send requested information. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are never shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of WinTel users and Z number of Mac users filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by e-mailing a request to privacy@corriganinc.com with a return e-mail address.
We will then send you a return e-mail that contains a snapshot of the person record we have on file for that e-mail address. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-847-394-0266 or send us an email at privacy@corriganinc.com
Customers Welcome!Would you make a difference at your organization if you could make it easier for your customers to do business with you?
You already have a team of specialists for your industry.
We help you and your team brainstorm how to strengthen your relationship with your customers by simplifying how they work with you.
Instructional videos, web site improvements, customer service initiatives or insert your idea here.
Call us today to learn more about this fun and exciting process - 847-394-0266.
ContactPrivacyAbout Corrigan
Home
Solutions
ClearMail
ClearMail Enterprise
ClearMail Personal
Customer Quotes
Demo Video
Enterprise Download Request
Personal Download Request
Information Sharing
Address Book
The Locator
SalesCor
Notes Mail Integration
LAW
Address Book
Conflict Search
Client Matter
Calendar Docket
Matter Database
Services
Internet
Extranet
Intranet
Web Site Review
Legacy Integration
Custom Development
Articles/News
December, 2005
New CorriganInc.com Web Site
Why E-mail is Bad for You
Announcing ClearMail 2.5
Knowledge Base
ClearMail
SalesCor
LAW
Extranet