http://www.crossbeam.com/terms
Crossbeam Terms of Service
Last Modified: February 10, 2020
Welcome to crossbeam.com,
the website and online service of Crossbeam, Inc. (“Crossbeam,” “we,”
“our” or “us”). This page explains the terms by which
you may use our online services, website, and software provided on or in
connection with the service (collectively, the “Service”).
By accessing or using
the Service, or by clicking a button or checking a box marked "I
Agree" (or something similar), you signify that you have read, understood,
and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service, including without limitation,
any order form that may be executed by you in connection with the Service
(each, an "Order Form,"
and collectively, this "Agreement")
and to the collection and use of your information as set forth in our Privacy
Policy, whether or not you are a registered user of our Service. Crossbeam
reserves the right to modify these terms and will provide notice of these
changes as described below. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and
others who access the Service ("Users").
1.
Our Service
1.1
Scope
Crossbeam provides a place for
businesses to collaborate with one another and submit, store and share User
Data (as defined below). Our Service allows businesses to connect with other
companies and establish collaborative relationships by sharing certain User
Data with one another via the Crossbeam interface and/or Crossbeam’s or one of
our third-party service providers’ API connections. “User Data” means any company’s, organization’s, or other entity’s
(each, an “Organization”), data, documents,
transactional data, or other information about or in connection with the Organization
on whose behalf a User is accessing and using the Service, in each case, that
is submitted, transferred, uploaded, or input, by or on behalf of such Organization
into the Service for the purpose of transmitting and sharing any of the
foregoing with other users of the Service (as permissioned by such
Organization). For the avoidance of doubt, “User Data” does not include User
Content (as defined below).
As the provider of the Service,
Crossbeam does not own, create, sell, resell, provide, control, manage, offer,
deliver, or supply any User Data. Users, including their Organizations, alone
are responsible for their User Data and whom they choose to share such User
Data with. When choosing to connect and share User Data with another User, you
are solely responsible for entering into all necessary documentation and
agreements, including without limitation, non-disclosure agreements, in
connection with or relating to such User Data, with such User, including their
Organizations, as applicable, and ensuring that all such documentation and
agreements are current and have not been terminated or expired. You should
always exercise due diligence and care when deciding whether to share User Data
with another Organization or User, or communicate and interact with other Organizations
and/or Users, whether through or outside the Service. By connecting with
another Organization and/or User and sharing your User Data, Crossbeam does not
become a party to, or other participant in, any contractual relationships
between Organizations and/or Users, as may be applicable. Crossbeam is not
acting as an agent in any capacity for any Organization or User.
While we may help facilitate the
resolution of disputes, Crossbeam has no control over and does not guarantee: (a)
the existence, quality, safety, suitability, or legality of any User Data, (b)
the truth or accuracy of any User Data, or (c) the performance or conduct of
any User, Organization, or third party, including but not limited to, a User’s
or Organization’s misleading acts or omissions conducted through or outside of
the Service. Crossbeam does not endorse any User or any Organization.
If you choose to use the Crossbeam
Service and share data with other Users or Organizations, your relationship
with Crossbeam is limited to being an independent, third-party contractor, and
not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Crossbeam for any reason,
and you act exclusively on your own behalf and for your own benefit, and not on
behalf, or for the benefit, of Crossbeam.
1.2
Eligibility
This is a contract
between you and Crossbeam. You must read and agree to these terms before using
the Crossbeam Service. If you do not agree, you may not use the Service. You
may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with Crossbeam, and
only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state,
national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Any use or access to
the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this
Agreement. The Service is not available to any Users or Organizations previously
removed from the Service by Crossbeam.
1.3
Limited License
Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a
non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the
Service solely for your internal business purpose as permitted by the features
of the Service. Crossbeam reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in
the Service and the Crossbeam Content (as defined below). Crossbeam may terminate this license at any time for any
reason or no reason, unless you execute or have executed an Order Form with
Crossbeam, setting forth an applicable license Term (as defined in the Order
Form).
1.4
User Accounts
Your account on the
Service (your “User Account”) gives
you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain
from time to time and in our sole discretion. We may maintain different types
of User Accounts for different types of Users. If you open a User Account on
behalf of any Organization, then (a) “you” includes
you and that Organization, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an
authorized representative of such Organization with the authority to bind the
entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on such
Organization’s behalf. By connecting to Crossbeam with a third-party service,
you give us permission to access and use your information from that service as
permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that
service.
You may never use
another User’s User Account without permission. When creating your User Account,
you must provide accurate and complete information, and you must keep this
information up to date. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs
on your User Account, and you must keep your User Account password secure. We
encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of
upper and lower-case letters, numbers and symbols) with your User Account. You
must notify Crossbeam immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use
of your User Account. Crossbeam will not be liable for any losses caused by any
unauthorized use of your User Account.
You may control your User profile and
how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your Settings
Page within the Crossbeam user interface. By providing Crossbeam your email
address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related
notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by
postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages,
such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not
want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences
in your Settings Page. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages
regarding updates, improvements, or offers.
1.5
Service Rules
You agree not to engage in any of the
following prohibited activities:  (a) copying, distributing, or disclosing any
part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated
or non-automated “scraping”; (b) using any automated system, including without
limitation “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., to access the Service
in a manner that sends more request messages to Crossbeam servers than a human
can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional
on-line web browser (except that Crossbeam grants the operators of public
search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy publicly available
materials from the Service for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent
necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials,
but not caches or archives of such materials); (c) transmitting spam,
chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (d) attempting to interfere with,
compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or
from the servers running the Service; (e) taking any action that imposes, or
may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large
load on our infrastructure; (f) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or
other software agents through the Service; (g) collecting or harvesting any
personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service;
(h) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (i)
impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with
a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your
identity; (j) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (k) accessing
any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those
provided or authorized by the Service; or (l) bypassing the measures we may use
to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including, without limitation,
features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce
limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.
1.6
Changes to the Service
We may, without prior
notice, change the Service; stop providing the Service or features of the
Service, to you or to Users generally; create usage limits for the Service; or permanently
or temporarily suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability
for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any
provision of this Agreement, or for no reason; provided, however, after you
execute or have executed an Order Form with Crossbeam and during the Term set
forth therein, Crossbeam will not materially decrease the functionality of the
Service without prior notice. Upon suspension for any reason or no reason,
you continue to be bound by this Agreement.
1.7
Termination of this Agreement
If
you execute or have executed an Order Form
with Crossbeam, during the Term, each party shall have the
right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other
party: (a) if the other party breaches or fails to perform or observe any
material term or condition of this Agreement and such default has not been
cured within thirty (30) days after written notice of such default to the other
party; or (b) if the other party (i) terminates or suspends its business, (ii)
becomes subject to any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding under Federal or
state statute, (iii) becomes insolvent or subject to direct control by a
trustee, receiver or similar authority, or (iv) has wound up or liquidated,
voluntarily or otherwise. If you terminate this Agreement for cause under
Section 1.7(a), then Crossbeam will provide you a refund of the fees paid for
the then-current Term, prorated by a fraction the numerator of which will be
the number of days during the Term during which you had access to the Service
and the denominator of which will be the total number of days during the Term.
If
you have not executed an Order Form with Crossbeam, Crossbeam may terminate
this Agreement at any time for any reason or no reason upon notice to you
(which may be sent by email or posted on your User Account page). In the event
of expiration or termination of this Agreement or any Order Form, (a) you will
remain responsible for payment for the Service provided prior to the date of
termination, (b) you will cease all use of the Service. Notwithstanding the
foregoing or anything else in this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement that
by their terms are perpetual or are otherwise intended to survive this
Agreement will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
1.8
Interactions with Other Users and Organizations
You are solely
responsible for your connections and interactions with other Users and/or
Organizations. You acknowledge that Crossbeam has no obligation to monitor the
access to or use of the Service by any User or Organization or to review,
disable access to, or edit any User Data, but has the right to do so to (a)
operate, secure and improve the Service (including without limitation for fraud
prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes); (b)
ensure User’s and Organization’s compliance with this Agreement; (c) comply
with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement or
other administrative agency or governmental body; (d) respond to User Data that
it determines is harmful or objectionable; or (e) as otherwise set forth in
this Agreement. Crossbeam shall have no liability for your interactions with
other Users or Organizations, or for any User’s or Organization’s action or
inaction.
1.9
Service Location
The
Service is controlled and operated from facilities in the United States. Those
who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own
volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United
States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and
import regulations. You may not use the Service if you are a resident of a
country embargoed by the United States, or are a foreign person or entity
blocked or denied by the United States government. Unless otherwise explicitly
stated, all materials found on the Service are solely directed to individuals,
companies, or other entities located in the United States.
2.
User Content; User Data and Feedback
2.1
User Content
Some areas of the Service allow Users
to submit, post, display, provide, or otherwise make available content such as
profile information, comments, questions, and communications with other Users,
including data that we may collect from you as a result of your registration
with the Service (other than User Data) (any such materials a User submits,
posts, displays, provides, or otherwise makes available on the Service is
referred to as “User
Content”).
2.2
Uploading, Transmitting and Sharing User Data
Our Service enables you to either
upload User Data from your systems into our Service or pull User Data from your
existing SaaS tools or systems into the Service using an API provided by us or
our third-party service providers. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable,
freely revocable license to access and use those certain APIs necessary to
enable the Service to communicate with your existing third-party SaaS tools or
systems to enable User Data to be pulled from or pushed to such SaaS tools or
systems solely by or on behalf of you and as permissioned by you. Crossbeam may
terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason. Once your User
Data is transferred into the Service, you may implement certain sharing rules and
permissions under which certain selected User Data may be shared with Users and/or
Organizations of your choice. We may also offer you functionality to enable you
to pull User Data received by you from another User or Organization back into
your tools or systems.
2.3
Rights to User Data and User Content
We
claim no ownership rights over User Content or User Data created by you. The
User Content and User Data you create remains yours. However,
you understand that certain portions of the Service may allow other Users and
Organizations with whom you maintain connections to view, edit, share, and/or
otherwise interact with your User Content. Additionally, certain portions of
the Service may allow other Users and Organizations (with whom you may or may
not have connections with) to view your profile information and request to
connect with you. By providing or sharing User Content through the Service, you
agree to allow such Users and Organizations to view, edit, share, and/or
interact with your User Content in accordance with your settings and this
Agreement. Crossbeam has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole
discretion to remove any User Content that is shared via the Service.
By submitting,
posting, uploading, displaying, transferring, inputting, providing, or
otherwise making available any User Content or User Data on or through the
Service, you hereby grant, and represent and warrant
that you have all rights necessary to grant, all rights and licenses to the
User Content and User Data for Crossbeam and its subcontractors and service
providers to (a) provide the Service, (b) to improve and enhance the Service, including
without limitation, for developmental, diagnostic and corrective purposes in
connection with the Service, and (c) use such User Content and/or User Data to
the extent such User Content and/or User Data is aggregated with similar
content of other Users and/or Organizations and/or does not identify you or any
of your customers as the source of such User Content and/or User Data. If
Crossbeam shares or publicly discloses information (e.g., in marketing materials, or in application development)
that is derived from User Data or User Content, such data will be aggregated or
anonymized to reasonably avoid identification of a specific individual or the
User or Organization. You further agree that Crossbeam will have the right,
both during and after the term of this Agreement, to use, store, transmit,
distribute, modify, copy, display, sublicense, and create derivative works of
the anonymized, aggregated data.
Following your use of
the Service, you may submit a written request to Crossbeam to remove from the Crossbeam
systems any User Data consisting of personally identifiable information and
following the receipt of such request, Crossbeam shall promptly delete any such
personally identifiable information from its systems. Crossbeam shall provide
to you a copy of your User Data promptly following your written request for
such User Data.
2.4
Your Responsibilities for User Data and User
Content
For the purposes of
this Agreement, “Intellectual Property Rights”
means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights,
rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill,
trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or
hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and
registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state,
country, territory or other jurisdiction.
In
connection with User Data and User
Content, you hereby represent, warrant, and agree that: (a) you have obtained
the User Data and User Content lawfully, and the User Data and User Content
does not and will not violate any applicable laws or any person or entity’s
proprietary or Intellectual Property Rights; (b) the User Data and User
Content is free of all viruses, Trojan horses, and other elements that could
interrupt or harm the systems or software used by Crossbeam or its
subcontractors to provide the Service; (c) all User Data and User Content has
and will be collected by you in accordance with a privacy policy that permits
Crossbeam to share, collect, use, and disclose such User Data and User Content
as contemplated under this Agreement, and if required by applicable law,
pursuant to consents obtained by you to do each of the foregoing; (d) you are
solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all privacy laws in all
jurisdictions that may apply to User Data and/or User Content provided hereunder,
notwithstanding Crossbeam’s obligations arising out of its data processor role
when processing User Data and User Content; (e) Crossbeam may exercise the
rights in User Data and/or User Content granted hereunder without liability or cost to any third party; and (f)
the User Data and User Content complies with the terms of this Agreement. Without
limiting any of the foregoing and in addition thereto, you agree that you will
not post, submit, upload, display, provide, or otherwise make available any
User Content that: (a) may create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental
injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or
mental illness to any person or to any animal; (b) may create a risk of any
other loss or damage to any person or property; (c) seeks to harm or exploit
children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally
identifiable details or otherwise; (d) may constitute or contribute to a crime
or tort; (e) contains any information or content that we deem to be unlawful,
harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing,
invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to
other people (publicly or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, obscene,
or otherwise objectionable; (f) contains any information or content that is
illegal (including without limitation, the disclosure of insider information
under securities law or of another party’s trade secrets); (g) contains any
information or content that you does not have a right to make available under
any law, rule or regulation or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or
(h) contains any information or content that you know is not correct and
current. For purposes of clarity, Crossbeam takes no responsibility and assumes
no liability for any User Content or User Data that you or any other User,
Organization, or third-party posts, sends, or otherwise makes available over
the Service. You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the
consequences of posting, publishing it, inputting it, submitting it, uploading
it, sharing it, transferring it, providing it, or otherwise making it available
on the Service and/or to other Users or Organizations, and you agree that we
are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution of your User
Content and User Data. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User
Content and User Data that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for
children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that Crossbeam
shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of or
relating to any User Content or User Data.
Crossbeam will not be responsible
for any backup, recovery or other steps required to ensure that User Data
and/or User Content is recoverable in the case of data loss. You are solely
responsible for backing up your User Data and User Content on a regular basis,
and taking appropriate steps to safeguard and ensure the integrity of your User
Data and User Content.
3.
Our Proprietary Rights
3.1
Crossbeam Content
Except for your User
Content and User Data, the Service and all materials therein or transferred
thereby, including, without limitation, software, images,
text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks,
copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, usage data, and User Content and
User Data belonging to other Users or Organizations (the “Crossbeam Content”), and all Intellectual
Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Crossbeam and
its licensors (including other Users and/or Organizations who post User Content
to or share User Data via the Service). Except as explicitly provided herein,
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any
such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent,
modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform,
publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any Crossbeam Content. Use
of the Crossbeam Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this
Agreement is strictly prohibited.
3.2
Ideas
You may choose to, or
we may invite you to, submit comments or ideas about the Service, including
without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products (“Ideas”). By submitting any Idea, you agree
that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and
will not place Crossbeam under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we
are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to
disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You
further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Crossbeam does not
waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Crossbeam,
or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
4.
Paid Services
4.1
Payment Service Provider.  Crossbeam’s payment processing services are
provided by a third-party payment service provider.
4.2
Paid Services.
You may choose to subscribe to our paid version of the Service. In connection
with such paid Service, you will pay Crossbeam the then applicable fees
described in the Order Form in accordance with, and for the Service period set
forth in, the terms of such Order Form.
4.3
Billing Policies. Except as otherwise set forth in an Order Form, Crossbeam may add new
services for additional fees and charges, add or amend fees and charges for
existing services, at any time in its sole discretion upon
thirty (30) days prior notice to you (which may be sent by email or posted on
your User Account page). Any change to our fees shall become effective in
the billing cycle following notice of such change to you as provided in this
Agreement.
4.4
No Refunds. You
may cancel your User Account at any time; however, there are no refunds for
cancellation. In the event that Crossbeam suspends or terminates your User
Account or this Agreement for your breach of this Agreement, you understand and
agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a
subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service,
any content or data associated with your User Account, or for anything else.
4.5
Payment Information; Taxes. All information that you provide in connection with
a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the
Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges
incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other payment method used
in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction
interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are
incurred. You will pay any applicable taxes, if any, relating to any such
purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions.
4.6
California Residents. The provider of services is set forth herein. If you are a California
resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints
to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the
California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625
North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800)
952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.
5.
No Professional Advice
If the Service
provides professional information, such information is for informational
purposes only and should not be construed as professional advice. No action
should be taken based upon any information contained in the Service. You should
seek independent professional advice from a person who is licensed and/or qualified
in the applicable area.
6.
Text Messaging and Phone Calls
You
may sign up to receive certain Crossbeam notifications or information via text
messaging and/or automated phone calls. You may incur additional charges from
your wireless provider for these services. You agree that you are solely
responsible for any such charges.
7.
Confidentiality, Security and Privacy
7.1
Confidentiality
“Confidential
Information” means any information disclosed
by either party pursuant to this Agreement that is (a) in written, graphic,
machine readable or other tangible form and is marked “Confidential,”
“Proprietary” or in some other manner to indicate its confidential nature, or
(b) in the case of oral or visual disclosure is identified as confidential at
the time of disclosure and reduced to tangible form, marked as confidential, and
provided to the receiving party within a reasonable time not to exceed thirty
days, or (c) under the circumstances should in good faith be considered to be
confidential.
Each party shall treat as confidential
all Confidential Information of the other, shall not use such Confidential
Information except as set forth in this Agreement, and will not disclose such
Confidential Information to any third party except as expressly permitted
herein without the disclosing party’s written consent. The receiving party
shall use at least the same degree of care which it uses to prevent the
disclosure of its own confidential information of like importance to prevent
the disclosure of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, but in no
event less than reasonable care. The receiving party shall promptly notify the
disclosing party of any actual or suspected misuse or unauthorized disclosure
of any of the Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
obligations set forth in this Section shall not apply with respect to any
information to the extent that it is: (a) already in the possession of the
receiving party prior to the first disclosure hereunder as shown by records or
files; (b) is already part of the public knowledge or becomes part of the public
knowledge after the time of disclosure other than as a result of any improper
action by the receiving party; (c) is approved in writing by the disclosing
party; (d) is required to be disclosed by applicable legal authority provided
that, if practicable, adequate prior written notice and assistance is given by
the receiving party to the disclosing party for the purpose of enabling the
disclosing party to prevent and/or limit the disclosure; or (e) is
independently developed by either party without use of the Confidential
Information from the other party. In the event of any termination or expiration
of this Agreement, each party will either return or, at the disclosing party’s
request, destroy the Confidential Information of the other party.
7.2
Data Privacy and Security
We have implemented commercially
reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your User
Data and User Content from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use,
alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third
parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your User Data or
User Content for improper purposes. You understand that internet technologies
have the inherent potential for disclosure. You acknowledge that you are under
no obligation to provide personally identifiable data or other sensitive
information in order to use the Service and that you provide any such
information at your own risk.
7.3
General Data Protection Regulation
To the extent that we process any
Customer Personal Data (as defined in the Data Processing Addendum ("DPA") and (a) the Customer Personal Data relates
to individuals located in the EEA; or (b) you are established in the EEA, the
parties agree to process such personal data in accordance with the DPA accessible
at https://www.crossbeam.com/assets/pdf/CrossbeamDPA.pdf. For the purposes of this Agreement: "personal
data", "process" and "EEA" shall have the meanings as set out in the DPA.
7.4
California Consumer Privacy Act
The parties acknowledge and agree
that Crossbeam shall act as a “Service Provider”, as such term is defined in the California
Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. and implementing
regulations (the “CCPA”), and shall
collect, access, maintain, use, process and transfer “personal
information”, as that term is defined by the
CCPA (“CCPA Personal Information”)
solely for the purpose of performing Crossbeam’s obligations under this
Agreement for or on behalf of you and for no commercial purpose other than the
performance of such obligations. Crossbeam shall delete and permanently destroy
CCPA Personal Information upon written request by you. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall restrict Crossbeam’s ability to
disclose CCPA Personal Information (a) to a subcontractor for a business
purpose pursuant to a written agreement to protect CCPA Personal Information in
the same manner as provided herein, (b) to a third party as necessary to comply
with applicable laws, or (c) as otherwise permitted by the CCPA.
8.
DMCA Notice
Since we respect
artist and content owner rights, it is Crossbeam’s policy to respond to alleged
infringement notices that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of
1998 (“DMCA”).
If you believe that
your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement and is accessible via the Service, please notify Crossbeam’s
copyright agent as set forth in the DMCA. For your complaint to be valid under
the DMCA, you must provide the following information in writing:
1.         An electronic or physical
signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
2.         Identification of the copyrighted
work that you claim has been infringed;
3.         Identification of the material
that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the Service;
4.         Information reasonably sufficient
to permit Crossbeam to contact you, such as your address, telephone number,
and, e-mail address;
5.         A statement that you have a good
faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not
authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and
6.         A statement, made under penalty of
perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright
owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
The above information
must be submitted to the following DMCA Agent:
Attn:                 DMCA Notice
Crossbeam, Inc.
Address:           1315 Walnut St, Suite 300
Philadelphia, PA
19107
Tel.:                  (267) 570-3944
Fax:                  (267) 907-8059
Email:               privacy@crossbeam.com
Under
federal law, if you knowingly misrepresent that online material is infringing,
you may be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury and civil penalties,
including monetary damages, court costs, and attorneys’ fees.
Please note that this
procedure is exclusively for notifying Crossbeam and its affiliates that your
copyrighted material has been infringed. The preceding requirements are
intended to comply with Crossbeam’s rights and obligations under the DMCA,
including 17 U.S.C. §512(c), but do not constitute legal advice. It may be
advisable to contact an attorney regarding your rights and obligations under
the DMCA and other applicable laws.
In accordance with
the DMCA and other applicable law, Crossbeam has adopted a policy of
terminating, in appropriate circumstances, Users and Organizations who are
deemed to be repeat infringers. Crossbeam may also at its sole discretion limit
access to the Service and/or terminate the User Accounts of any Users or Organizations
who infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of others, whether or not there
is any repeat infringement.
9.
Third-Party Links and Information
The Service may
contain links to third-party materials that are not owned or controlled by Crossbeam.
Crossbeam does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such
third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access
a third-party website or service from the Service or share your User Content or
User Data on or through any third-party website or service, you do so at your
own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and Crossbeam’s Privacy Policy
do not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve Crossbeam from
any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website,
service, or content, including without limitation User Content or User Data submitted
by other Users or Organizations. Additionally, your dealings with or
participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including
payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are
solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that Crossbeam shall not be
responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with
such advertisers.
10.
Indemnity
Sections 10.1 through 10.5 below
will apply only if the parties execute or have executed an Order Form, during
the Term set forth therein.
10.1
Crossbeam Indemnity. Crossbeam shall defend or settle, at its own option and expense, any
suit, claim, action, or proceeding brought against you by a third party to the
extent based upon a claim that (a) the Service violates any applicable law; (b)
Crossbeam engages in willful misconduct under this Agreement; or (c) the Service
infringes any U.S. copyright or trademark or misappropriates any U.S. trade
secret of such third-party, and will pay such damages or costs as are finally
awarded against you by a court (or mediator or arbitrator, if applicable) of
competent jurisdiction or are agreed to in a settlement and that are
attributable to such claim (provided that Crossbeam may not enter into any
settlement or dispose of any claim in a manner that requires you to admit any
liability or that places any material obligation on you without your prior
written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed).
10.2
Crossbeam Options. Should the Service become, or in the opinion of Crossbeam be likely to
become, the subject of such an infringement claim, Crossbeam may, at its option:
(a) procure for you the right to use the Service at no cost to you; (b) replace
or modify, in whole or in part, the Service to make it non-infringing; or (c)
if neither (a) nor (b) are, in Crossbeam’s sole and absolute discretion,
commercially practicable, terminate the Service, or remove the allegedly
offending module thereof, and, refund the fees paid for such Service or module
by you, less an amount determined by multiplying the fees paid for such Service
or such module during the then-current Term by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the number of months during the then-current Term during which you had
use of the Service and the denominator of which is the total number of months
during the then-current Term.
10.3
Exclusions from Crossbeam Indemnity. Crossbeam assumes no liability hereunder for: (a)
any method or process in which the Service may be used; (b) any compliance with
your specifications; or (c) the combination, operation or use of the Service
with non-Crossbeam programs or data, and you shall indemnify and hold harmless Crossbeam
and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns against
any damages, losses, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees)
arising from any third-party action to the extent based upon a claim of any
kind based on any of the foregoing factors in (a) through (c) (inclusive)
above.
10.4
Indemnity Procedures. The party seeking indemnification (the “Indemnified Party”) must provide the party from whom indemnification
is sought (the “Indemnifying Party”):
(a) prompt written notice of the claim for which indemnification is sought
(provided that a failure to provide such notice will not relieve the
Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder except to the extent material
prejudice results from such failure); (b) sole control over the defense and
settlement of the claim (provided that the Indemnifying Party may not enter
into any settlement or dispose of any claim in a manner that requires the
Indemnified Party to admit any liability or that places any material obligation
on the Indemnified Party without the Indemnified Party’s prior written consent,
not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed); and (c) all
reasonable cooperation, at the Indemnifying Party’s request and expense, in the
defense and settlement of the claim.
10.5
Sole Remedy for Infringement. THIS SECTION 10 SETS FORTH CROSSBEAM’S ENTIRE
LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR INFRINGEMENT AND/OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE AND THIS AGREEMENT.
10.6
User Indemnity. You
agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Crossbeam and its subsidiaries,
agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their
employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any
and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and
expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (a) your
use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or
received by you; (b) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including
without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties
above; (c) your violation of any third-party right, including without
limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (d) your
violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; (e) User Content, User
Data or any content that is submitted via your User Account including without
limitation misleading, false, or inaccurate information; (f) your willful
misconduct; or (g) any other party’s access and use of the Service with your
unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
11.
No Warranty
The
Service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Use of the Service
is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the
Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied,
including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. No advice or information,
whether oral or written, obtained by you from Crossbeam or through the Service
will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. Without limiting the
foregoing, Crossbeam, its subsidiaries, its affiliates, and its licensors do
not warrant that any content, including without limitation, User Content or
User Data, is accurate, reliable or correct; that the Service will meet your
requirements; that the Service will be available at any particular time or
location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be
corrected; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any
content, including without limitation, User Content or User Data, downloaded or
otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is downloaded at your own
risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system
or mobile device or loss of data that results from such download or your use of
the Service.
Further,
Crossbeam does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for
any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Service
or any hyperlinked website or service, and Crossbeam will not be a party to or
in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of
products or services.
Federal
law, some states, provinces and other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion
and limitations of certain implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not
apply to you. This Agreement gives you specific legal rights, and you may also
have other rights which vary from state to state. The disclaimers and
exclusions under this Agreement will not apply to the extent prohibited by
applicable law.
12.
Limitation of Liability
12.1
this Section 12.1 will apply if the parties execute or have
executed an Order Form. Except for claims arising out of
a party’s willful misconduct or fraudulent misrepresentation, to the
maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall each party, its
affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers or licensors be liable for
any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary
damages, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill,
use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of or relating to the use of,
or inability to use, the Service.
12.2
this Section 12.2 will apply if the parties have not
executed an Order Form. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in
no event shall Crossbeam, its affiliates, agents, directors, employees,
suppliers or licensors be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental,
special, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation
damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses,
arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, the Service. Under
no circumstances will Crossbeam be responsible for any damage, loss or injury
resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the
Service or your User Account or the information contained therein.
12.3
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Crossbeam
assumes no liability or responsibility for any (a) errors, mistakes, or
inaccuracies of content; (b) personal injury or property damage, of any nature
whatsoever, resulting from your access to or use of our service; (c) any
unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal
information stored therein; (d) any interruption or cessation of transmission
to or from the Service; (e) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like that
may be transmitted to or through our service by any third party; (f) any errors
or omissions in any content, including without limitation, User Content or User
Data, or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of any content,
including without limitation, User Content or User Data,  posted, emailed,
transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Service; and/or (g) User
Content or User Data or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any
third party. In no event shall Crossbeam, its affiliates, agents, directors,
employees, suppliers, or licensors be liable to you for any claims,
proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses or costs in an amount
exceeding (a) the amount paid or payable by you to Crossbeam hereunder in the twelve
(12) months immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim for
damages if you have executed an Order Form or (b) $100.00 if you have not
executed an Order Form.
12.4
This limitation of liability section applies whether the
alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or
any other basis, even if Crossbeam has been advised of the possibility of such
damage.
12.5
Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may
not apply to you. This Agreement gives you specific legal rights, and you may
also have other rights which vary from state to state. The disclaimers,
exclusions, and limitations of liability under this Agreement will not apply to
the extent prohibited by applicable law.
13.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by
the internal substantive laws of the State of New York, without respect to its
conflict of laws principles. The application of the United Nations Convention
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. You
agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and
state courts located in New York County, New York State for any actions for
which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a
court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened
infringement, misappropriation or violation of our copyrights, trademarks,
trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights,
including any provisional relief required to prevent irreparable harm.
14.
General
14.1
Assignment. Neither
party shall assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights or
obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or
otherwise, to any third party without the other party’s prior written consent.
Any purported transfer, assignment or delegation without such prior written
consent will be null and void and of no force or effect. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, each party shall have the right to assign this Agreement to any
successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by
merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise. Subject to
this Section 14.1, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted
assigns.
14.2
Notification Procedures. Crossbeam may provide notifications, whether such
notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business-related
purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through
posting of such notice on our website, as determined by Crossbeam in our sole
discretion. Crossbeam reserves the right to determine the form and means of
providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain
means of notification as described in this Agreement. Crossbeam is not
responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply
to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us.
14.3
Changes to the Agreement. Crossbeam may, in its sole discretion, modify or
update this Agreement from time to time, and so you should review this page
periodically. When we change the Agreement in a material manner, we will update
the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page and notify you that material
changes have been made to the Agreement. Your continued use of the Service
after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. If
you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Service, do not
use or access (or continue to access) the Service. This Section 14.3 will not
apply if you execute or have executed an Order Form with Crossbeam, during the
Term set forth therein.
14.4
Entire Agreement/Severability. This Agreement, together with any amendments and any
additional agreements you may enter into with Crossbeam in connection with the
Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Crossbeam
concerning the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by
a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not
affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall
remain in full force and effect.
14.5
No Waiver. No
waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing
waiver of such term or any other term, and Crossbeam’s failure to assert any
right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such
right or provision.
14.6
Conflict.  In
case of any conflict between the terms of these Terms of Service and any Order
Form, the terms of the applicable Order Form will prevail with respect to the
subject matter thereof.
14.7
Contact. Please
contact us at support@crossbeam.com with any questions regarding this
Agreement.
Product Release Log
Documentation
Partnerbase.com
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
CONTACT US
sales@crossbeam.com