http://www.intergration.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Intergration.co.uk is a website that is owned and operated by Ross Jackson Ltd, who are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, as per the rules set out in the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
This Policy outlines when and why we collect personal information about people who visit this website, plus how we use it and keep it secure.
We may update this Policy from time to time so you should check back to ensure you’re happy with any changes made.
Who are we?
Ross Jackson Ltd is a marketing consultancy based at:
85A Leverson Street
London
SW16 6DG
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example to track visits using Google Analytics.
What type of information do we collect?
The type of information we collect may include your name and email address (for eg newsletter mailings), your IP address and information regarding which pages you access on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use your information to:
– send you communications you have requested that may be of interest to you
– notify you of changes to our service
– respond to requests you make via our email address or by phone
You can unsubscribe from future mailings at any time.
How you can access your information
You have the right to request access, update or removal of your personal details from our system – which you can do by Contacting Us at anytime.
Who else has access to your information?
We do not sell your personal information to any third parties for any purpose.
Cookies Policy
A Cookie is a small file that is placed in your browser when you visit particular websites. Cookies are used for multiple purposes, including tracking and analytics, plus to enable various essential functions on, for example, shopping sites.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes – we use Cookies for the purposes of gathering statistical information and we may also use Cookies for recognition purposes, for example to recognise you are already subscribed to our newsletter.
Statistical information Cookie
We use Google Analytics for the purposes of gathering statistical information about the number of website visitors, the pages visited, time spent on site and similar details. You can read about Google’s Privacy Policy here.
Opting out of Cookies
There are different ways of turning off the use of Cookies when browsing the internet, depending on the browser you’re using. If you wish to turn off Cookies while visiting our site – you can read about disabling Cookies here.
We regularly review this Privacy Policy – last update 21 May 2018.
Categories
AdWords
Blogging
Facebook
Marketing
SEO
Years Past Archive
CookiesClick the OKAY button to allow cookies on the site. For this site's privacy and cookie policy -
Click HereOKAY