http://www.spincaster.com/privacy-policy/
×
Connect With Us
Request A Quote
General Inquiries
Newsletter Signup
Company NameYour NameEmail address*
I'm interested in a quote for?I'm intrested in a quote for?Web Site DesignSoftwareHosting or SEOBest Time to CallBest Time to Call9am-12pm12pm-4pmI would prefer email communicationCommentsCAPTCHA
Name*Email*
CompanyPhoneBest Time to CallBest Time to Call9am-12pm12pm-4pmI would prefer email communicationCommentsCAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
First Name*Last Name*Email*CompanyCAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to ensuring your privacy and we believe in giving you full disclosure about the information we gather and what we do with it. You can be confident that we do not sell or exchange our customer´s names and email addresses, or any other information about our customers, with third parties, without your consent.
We may have collected personally identifiable information from various contact forms on our website or from our electronic newsletter subscription form. This information includes, but not limited to, name, mailing address, email address, demographic information, interests and preferences, user defined settings.
What we do with our Customer´s Information
We may use the information we collect to contact our customers through both email and regular mail to alert them of new products and services or announcements. We use demographic and profile data to tailor our visitor´s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. We make every reasonable effort to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Our security policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. You always have the option to instruct us not to use your name, address, e–mail address, etc. beyond providing you with the product, information or service you requested.
Visitor Tracking
Each time you visit our website we automatically recognize your IP address, Internet service provider, operating system platform, and browser type. We also collect statistical information on which pages and images are accessed at our site, however you cannot be identified as an individual based on our website log files. We also track statistical information from our electronic newsletter campaigns such as number of impressions and number of click–throughs, however, they are not reported on a per subscriber basis.
Use of Cookies
We use, not abuse, cookies. Our website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. The text in a cookie, by itself, only tells us that you have visited our site and allows us to personalize the website so that you don´t have to re–enter information that you have previously entered. It does not store any personal information such as your e–mail address, street address or phone number. We do not use cookies to collect any information about you.
Opt–in / Opt–out Tools
We take the issue of unwanted email seriously therefore we provide the necessary tools to help assure and enforce the opt–in and opt–out nature of the service. Visitors may opt–in from the website or from the “subscribe” link provided on the bottom of each electronic newsletter. Each visitor that opts in is sent notification by email and is given the option to unsubscribe just in case that they have been subscribed in error or aussie online casino without their consent. Each electronic newsletter message that we send has an “unsubscribe” link. This gives the customer the option to be removed from the subscriber database so that they do not receive future mailings. We also provide opt–out protection so that when an email address is removed, the system remembers that you have opted–out and prevents you from being mistakenly re–added to the subscriber list.
UCE/SPAM Policy
We do not condone nor support UCE (Unsolicited Commercial Email) or SPAM. We work with all of our customers to make sure they understand and abide by common principals of email protocol and “opt–in” policy.
Security
Our web, email and database servers are hosted in a highly secure, state–of–the–art data center with the latest in firewall protection. Our servers always have the latest security updates from the manufacturers. Power to our servers is supplied from two separate power substations and we are serviced by fiber optic data feeds from 2 separate carriers with geographically diverse routes (2 feeds from different nodes, using different paths). Data is backed up on a nightly basis.