https://www.dataage.com/privacy-policy/
888-949-7296
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Linkedin
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated April 15, 2015
Data Age Business Systems, Inc. is a Florida Corporation and its partners (referred to as “Data Age”, “we”, “us” or “our”). We have established this privacy policy to explain how your information is collected, used and protected. We reserve the right to change this policy and will provide notification of any material change on this web site. You may contact us with any questions regarding this policy at admin@DataAge.com. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that Data Age does not employ or manage. In addition, certain companies with Data Age Software, such as craigslist, eBay, Gunbroker.com, Amazon, Authorize.net, PayPal, ShipWorks, ShipRush, UPS WorldShip and Integration, Inc., have their own privacy statements that we do not control.
Data Collection and Storage
During the registration and e-foro account creation process, we collect account information such as name, email and telephone number. Each of these different types of information is used to provide the Data Age service. Registration information is used to authenticate users, and contact information is used both for service-related communication and as an integral component of the application. In some cases, contact information will be sent to third party syndication partners who have the ability to anonymize email addresses.
Using our site to bid, research, sell, or buy items on eBay or GunBroker.com may require that you generate an eBay or GunBroker.com token allowing our systems to perform operations on your behalf without requiring you to enter or store your eBay password in our system. This token will remain valid for 1 year or until you reset your eBay or GunBroker.com password. By posting feedback, responding to feedback, or using other tools within our website to perform an action connected with your eBay account, you are authorizing us to transmit the provided information to eBay and retain an archive of the transaction on our server. In addition, an authorized representative of eBay or GunBroker.com may occasionally request your contact information in order to resolve a service issue or dispute. In such cases, the information provided will be limited to contact name(s), telephone number(s) and / or email address(es) associated with your account.
All user information contained within the application will remain your property. We will continue to make that data available to you as long as you are a user. If at some point Data Age sells all or a  portion of its assets, or merges with another entity, user information is an asset that may be transferred or acquired by a third party. After such a transaction, the third party that becomes the custodian of the user information would have the right to continue using the user information solely as set forth in this policy.
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider, referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information as follows: (a) in the context of operating or managing our business, including improving a customer’s experience with this website; (b) to deliver, bill for, and collect payment for products or services; (c)in connection with offering or providing products or services, or the products or services of companies with whom Data Age does business; (d) to meet legal or regulatory requirements; or (e) to obtain credit information or provide it, when necessary or appropriate, to others. We may also share personally identifiable information with companies with whom it is affiliated.
All collected information is stored in our database, and, even after deletion, may be archived. Unless otherwise stated, our web logs and other records are stored for at least 36 months. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.In order to protect consumers and businesses, Data Age cooperates with law enforcement agencies and inquiries. When requested by a verified law enforcement or government official in relation to an alleged illegal activity or criminal investigation, you authorize us to disclose your name(s), mailing and billing address(es), telephone number(s) and email address(es), and
Data Age UserID(s) and comprehensive history of activity on our Site(s) without a subpoena. Data Age may also respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or turn over other personal information to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.With respect to the constant evolution of international, national, and local regulations, we cannot ensure that your information and communications will never be disclosed or intercepted in ways not outlined within this Policy. We use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, but we do not promise (nor should you expect) that information intended to remain private will always remain so.We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Data Age terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Data Age may share some or all of your personal information with another business entity in the event that we are acquired by that business entity, have plans to merge with, or actually merge with that business entity. In this event, we may notify you but are not required to do so, before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address. Data Age does not target its offerings toward, and does not knowingly collect any personal information from users under 18 years of age.
Syndication and Links to Third Party Sites
Data Age, or others who use our e-foro service, may transfer listing information and/or provide links to third party web sites, which may have different privacy practices. We make no representations or warranties about the policies and practices of sites that are linked to by Data Age or its users. We urge you to consult the policies available on those sites to further understand your rights. Data Age will never sell, rent or share your personal information with any third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission.
Security
We have implemented processes designed to protect user information and maintain security. Each registered e-foro user is assigned a unique user name and password which is required to access their user information. It is the user’s responsibility to protect the security of their login information. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Cookies
Data Age and/or it’s partners uses cookies to assist in delivering the service and to provide a personalized user experience. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Our persistent and session ID cookies are used to identify unique visitors to our sites and to provide you with easy access to your files. If you choose to not accept cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site may be limited.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees and independent contractors who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. Your information is stored on Data Age servers located in the United States. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you. Fool-proof security on the Internet, however, cannot be guaranteed, nor does it exist.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Data Age may update this policy. We may notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Data Age account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Changes to the privacy policy will be automatically effective when posted on the site or notification has been sent.