http://www.pgware.com/privacy/
PGWARE.com Privacy Statement
Last Updated: December 13, 2014 9:28:51 PM (GMT -06:00)PGWARE is committed to protecting your online privacy. You may visit most pages on this site without giving us any information. But sometimes we do need information to provide products or services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to PGWARE.com; it does not apply to other online or offline PGWARE sites, products or services. Please read the complete PGWARE.com privacy statement.
Personal Information Collection
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are contacting us using e-mail forms on this site, requesting a serial number to be e-mailed to you, or when purchasing and/or registering PGWARE products. Personal information collected by PGWARE.com often is limited to name and e-mail address, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.For example: If you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, such as making a purchase in the online store of the Web site, we will request personal information necessary for billing and/or shipping, such as: name, e-mail, address, telephone number, and credit card number.When you buy and install a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. We keep this registration information on file with any information you've already given us on previous visits to our Web site.PGWARE.com also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of PGWARE.com.PGWARE.com also collects information about which pages our customers visit within PGWARE.com. This site visitation data is identified only by a unique ID number, and it is never linked with personal information unless a user consents as described below.We may use third-party companies to collect statistics of site visitors on our behalf. These companies may employ javascript, cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure Web site visitor analytics. Any information that these third parties collect via javascript, cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
Personal Information Use
We use your personal information for the following purposes:- To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.- To deliver services, such as services, serial numbers or software, that you request or purchase.- To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.- To alert you to product upgrades, updated information, if you so request.- To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.We will merge site-visitation data with anonymous demographic information for research purposes, and we may use this information in aggregate to provide more relevant content.We hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including sales, packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.PGWARE may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on PGWARE or the site.(b) protect and defend the rights or property of PGWARE and its family of Web sites.(c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of PGWARE employees, users of PGWARE products or services, or members of the public.
Personal Information Control
When you purchase a product or service, or otherwise give us personal information, PGWARE.com will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.PGWARE.com may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service or security issues, or updates related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
These mailings do not include any marketing content whatsoever, the contents of these mailings are directly related to products or services you requested.PGWARE.com may also send out periodic e-mails informing you of major updates to software that you have previously purchased.
These mailings may include marketing content and you can choose to unsubscribe from these mailings at any time.
Access to Personal Information
Some services offered on PGWARE.com may collect information that cannot be directly modified. However, in such cases, you can access your personal information by contacting PGWARE.com as described at the bottom of this statement, or through alternative means of access described by the service. For example, if you buy software through our shop, you can review and edit your personal information by contacting one of our Customer Service representatives Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8 AM and 5 PM Central Time (GMT -06:00) at 1-815-4258539.
Security of Personal Information
PGWARE.com is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer database servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities powered by Microsoft SQL Azure.
When you send us an e-mail; your e-mail messages are stored in computer mail servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities powered by Microsoft Office 365. When we transmit sensitive information (such as a credit card number) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Protection of Children's Personal Information
PGWARE.com is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Use of Cookies
PGWARE.com is aware of your privacy concerns.
We use cookies on this site for the limited purposes of crediting affiliates with software purchases and for web site visitor analytics.For example, when you download our software from an affiliate Web site a cookie may be written to your computer.
This cookie contains the affiliate identification data only; no personal information is stored or represented within the cookie.
The cookie is subsequently read to obtain the affiliate identification data when you buy software through our shop.
This usage of cookies allows us to properly credit affiliates for software sales.
Also when you visit our web site we may use cookies to anonymously identify unique visitors coming to our web site, this data is used for statistical purposes only.We do not use cookies on this site for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by PGWARE. Please be aware that we, PGWARE, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Enforcement of This Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should contact PGWARE.com by e-mail.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
PGWARE.com will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, PGWARE.com will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Contact Information
PGWARE welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mail.
Site Search          Privacy Statement          Terms of Use          Contact Us
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 PGWARE LLC.
All Rights Reserved.