http://www.emergencypodcastsystem.com/privacy.html
| Home | Podcast Categories | Cool Stuff | Front Door | Our TV Ad | Kool Gigz |Gigz-CHAT! | Poddy Awardz
|Games | Bands | Jamitorium! | MyFakeSpace | Tees & More | Comix4URBrain | Ringtones | Clean Shorts | About Us
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
The Emergency Podcast System site is owned and operated by Academy Leader, Inc. ("Company") which provides various internet websites, including this Website. The Company respects your privacy. In general, you can visit this Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your full name, home and/or shipping address, e-mail address and phone number. If you choose to give us personal information through our Website in order for us to correspond with you or process an order, it is our intention to let you know how we will use this information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, the Company has put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect on-line. You should, however, keep in mind that no internet transmission is wholly secure or error-free.
Information collected by the Company is used internally by its authorized employees for three main purposes. First, we collect information to determine how to improve our Website by seeing which content areas, features and products are most popular with our customers. Second, we collect information in order to personalize the Website for our returning customers. For example, in the future, we may recommend products or features you may like based on what you have liked in the past. Third, we keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it. We do not sell, rent, loan, or transfer any personal information regarding our customers to any unrelated third parties.
Cookies
There are various technologies, including one technology called "cookies", which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some pages on this Website use cookies or other technologies so that the Company can better serve you when you return to our Website. For example, we may use these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through this Website, to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited this Website previously, and to help us determine whether you came to our Website from a particular internet link or banner advertisement. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Children Under 13
Some of the content on this Website may appeal to children under the age of 13. This Website is governed by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) and the guidelines of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc.
We encourage parents to spend time online with your children and to monitor your children’s internet use. Children under 13 should get parents’ permission before giving out email addresses or any personal information. We highly recommend that parents view with their children the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/index.html to learn more about how COPPA protects children’s privacy online.
On this Website, occasionally, we may collect personal information from children under 13. However, every effort will be made to ensure that we obtain parents’ consent before collecting personal information from children under 13. Parents can provide their consent via credit card verification, by email or by an authorization form faxed to our office. Types of personal information that may be collected from children under 13 may include their name, home address, email address or date of birth. Such information may be used as part of a promotion, contest or birthday club program. Personal information will never be shared with advertisers or other third parties.
At any time, parents may request to review the personal information collected from their child, to have it deleted, or to request that no further information be collected from their child. Parents also may request to have the Company discontinue further e-mail communications to them and/or their child.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites. Once you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy and terms of use of the new website. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. The Company is not responsible to any third party posting to this Website. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site that you visit.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties and supersedes all prior written and oral agreements or communications with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.
Changes and Updates to the Privacy Policy
The Company reserves the right to update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back periodically to see if any changes have been made.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy statement, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact us at info @ emergency podcast system . com or write us at Academy Leader, Inc. 7143 State Road 54, Suite 141, New Port Richey, FL 34653.
Effective: January 2, 2006
|
Terms |Privacy | Press | Advertise | info@emergencypodcastsystem.com | © 2006 -
Academy Leader, Inc.