https://www.euroispa.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
EuroISPA is committed to protect your privacy when using this website while at the same time ensuring the best user experience. This statement should provide you with all necessary information in respect of the use of your personal information
Cookies
In order to enhance user experience and for better presentation of content, this website uses cookies. These are text files that are stored on your computer using your browser and whose information is only retrieved from our website. Cookies help to simplify the use of our website for users.
This website uses “session cookies" which are only temporarily stored on your computer and are technically necessary for the provision of the service. As soon as the web browser is closed, they are deleted again.
In addition, this website uses “permanent cookies” for the member login, which enables the website to recognize, that a user has already provided a username and password. Additionally, a cookie is used for the acceptance of the cookie notice on our website. These permanent cookies are stored for XX days.
Data subject rights
If your personal data is processed, you are a data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have data subject rights vis-à-vis the person who determines the means and purpose of processing (controller).
Amongst these rights, the most important are the rights to information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability and objection. These rights can be exercised by contacting us using the contact details provided.
If you find that your rights have been violated you can contact the responsible supervisory authority, the Belgium data protection authority:
Data Protection Authority
Rue de la Presse 35, 1000 Brussels
T: +32 (0)2 274 48 00
E: contact@apd-gba.be
Contact details
EuroISPA 38 Rue de la Loi 1000 Brussels
Tel. +32 27 89 66 18
Mail. secretariat@euroispa.org
Join our mailing list
Your Name * Your email adress *
I agree to the terms and conditions laid out in the Privacy Policy *General contact information | Privacy policy
Scroll to top
Privacy settings
In order to enhance user experience and for better presentation of content, this website uses cookies.
Accept cookie settingsIndividual cookie settingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
This website uses “session cookies" which are only temporarily stored on your computer and are technically necessary for the provision of the service. As soon as the web browser is closed, they are deleted again.
In addition, this website uses “permanent cookies” for the member login, which enables the website to recognize, that a user has already provided a username and password. Additionally, a cookie is used for the acceptance of the cookie notice on our website. These permanent cookies are stored for 30 days.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Web fonts
We also use Google Webfonts. Since the provider of this service may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy policy
1
Accept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.