https://www.unifiedworld.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
How We Use Your Personal Information
This privacy notice is to let you know how Unified World Communications Limited uses your personal information, what we do to ensure the safety and security of it, and who we share your information with. We will also inform you of your rights and how the law protects you.
Our Privacy Promise
We promise:
To keep your data safe and private
To give you ways to manage your marketing choices
Not to sell your data
Who We Are
Unified World Communications is a UK based independent business telecommunications provider delivering fixed line, mobile, Unified Communications and connectivity solutions.
Our GDPR Owner and data protection representatives can be contacted directly here:
privacy@unifiedworld.co.uk
01254 271 333
You can find out more about us by visiting the Contact Us page
Your Rights
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Bear in mind, if you ask us to erase your information from our records, we may purchase data in the future that contains your information. We can however mark it as “do not contact” therefore stopping any contact we may make to you.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Unified World Communications Limited refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain.
Should you wish to exercise any of these rights, please use the Contact Us page
All the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved in the processing of your personal data.
How the Law Protects You
As well as our Privacy Promise, your privacy is protected by law. This section explains how that works.
Data Protection law says that we are allowed to use personal information only if we have a proper reason to do so. This includes sharing it outside Unified World Communications Limited. The law says we must have one or more of these reasons:
To fulfil a contract we have with you, or
When it is our legal duty, or
When it is in our legitimate interest
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information. But even then, it must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what that is.
Here is a list of all the ways that we may use your personal information, and which of the reasons we rely on to do so. This is also where we tell you what our legitimate interests are:
What we use your personal information for
Our reasons
Our legitimate interests
Prospect for new customers
Marketing
Managing customer quotes and tenders
Quality monitoring of calls
Credit checks
Managing customer accounts/contracts
Customer retention/cross selling
Lost customer prospecting
Fault reporting
Device repair
Device Management
Making sure company property is safe and secure
Fulfilling contracts
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Commercial Proposition to sell telecommunication products and services
Protect our commercial interest against bad debt
Quality Control and Monitoring
Groups of Personal Information
We use many different kinds of personal information, and group them together like this:
Type of personal information
Description
Banking
Your bank account details for billing
CCTV
If you enter any of our buildings your images may be captured on CCTV
Communications
What we learn about you from letters, emails and conversations between us (Call recordings)
Contact
Where your place of work is and how to contact you
Contractual
Details about the products or services we provide to you
Financial
Your financial position, status and history
Open Data and Public Records
Details about you that are in public records, such as information held in Companies House, and information about you that is openly available on the internet
Technical
Details on the devices and technology you use.
Transactional
Details about payments to and from your accounts with us
Usage Data
Other data about how you use our products and services
Where we Collect Personal Information From
We may collect personal information about you (or your business) from these sources:
Where we collect personal information from
Data you give us:
When you talk to us on the phone or in person with our sales team
When you use our websites
In emails and letters
When you buy our products and services – this includes banking details for billing
Data from third parties:
Companies and people who know you that pass us your details
Credit reference agencies
Reputable data suppliers
We also obtain data from publicly available sources such as information held in Companies House, and information about you that is openly available on the internet.
Who We Share Personal Information With
Unified World Communications Limited will not pass on your personal data to third parties unless: it is a requirement of the service or product you have with us, where this will be detailed within the contract, if it is a prerequisite to the service or product you intend to have with us, you will be notified beforehand, or it is a legal requirement to do so.
Network service providers who provide the service agreed in your contract
Other service providers if purchased through us, e.g. insurance companies
Companies we have a joint venture or agreement to co-operate with
Companies we have contracts with, to provide you with the services agreed in your contract, e.g. device repair centres
If you use direct debits, we will share your data with the Direct Debit scheme
Debt collection agencies or other debt recovery organisations
Law enforcement agencies, regulatory organisations, courts or other public authorities if we have to, or are authorised to do so by law
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets as part of the process of evaluation and to ensure continuity of service
Some of the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  It will also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who are owned by and solely work for us or for one of our suppliers or business partners. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.  We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and we have the necessary legal contract in place to fulfil these services.
Credit Checks
When you make a request for the supply of any products or services from us or any of our business partners and during the course of any such supply we may carry out credit checks on you at any time. We will only use licensed credit references agencies but such agencies will keep a record of our search on your credit record.
We may search the electoral roll to verify your address.
We may use credit searches and other information, which is provided to us or the credit agencies, about you and those who are linked financially to you, if credit decisions are made about you, or other members of your household.
We’ll use this data to:
Assess whether you or your business is able to afford to make payments
Make sure what you’ve told us is true and correct
Manage accounts with us
Trace and recover debts
If, at any time during the provision of any goods and services to you, you fail to meet our credit conditions, we will contact you.
You can request a copy of your credit record by writing directly to the credit agencies.
Automated Decision Making
Unified World Communications Limited does not use automated processes for decision making. We may use a credit reference agency to perform credit checks when you apply for products or services with us however this is not an automated process, we use the credit reference agency’s recommendations and then we will manually review and make our decision based on this and other factors.
How Long we Hold Personal Information For
The length of time we retain your information is dependent on what we are holding and why we are holding it. We will not keep your information for longer that is necessary for our business or legal requirements.
Unified World Communications Limited may process personal data for up to 7 years if you are a prospective customer and for the length of your contract if you become an active customer. This is in keeping with our legitimate interests and contractual obligations.
We may also store personal data for up to 7 years for any of the following reasons:
Respond to any questions or complaints
To show that we treated you fairly
To maintain records to comply with legal and regulatory rules that apply to us
In keeping with our legitimate interests and contractual obligations
We may store your personal data in paper or electronic formats, both of which are stored securely and based on the guidelines as specified in ISO/IEC standards 17799, 27001 and 27002.
We also have processes in place to securely dispose of data we no longer require.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to tell you about relevant products and offers. This is what we mean when we talk about ‘marketing’.
The personal information we have for you is made up of what you tell us, and data we collect when you use our services, or from third parties we work with.
We study this to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
We can only use your personal information to send you marketing messages if we have either your consent or a ‘legitimate interest’. That is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information. It must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting us
Whatever you choose, you’ll still receive other important information relating to your existing products and services.
If you change your mind you can update your choices at any time by contacting us
How To Get A Copy Of Your Personal Information (Subject Access Request)
In compliance with your rights detailed above, you can request copies of all the personal information we hold on you. This is known as a “Subject Access Request”, “SAR” for short.
There are several ways of applying:
Complete the form on our website
Email: privacy@unifiedworld.co.uk
Telephone us on 01254 271 333
By writing to our Head Office
To make sure we are only sending the information to someone authorised to have it, we may at our discretion require you to provide two forms of ID from the below list:
Passport
Driving licence
Birth certificate
Utility bill (from last 3 months)
Current vehicle registration document
Bank statement (from last 3 months)
Rent book (from last 3 months)
To submit a Subject Access Request please email privacy@unifiedworld.co.uk
If Things Go Wrong And You Wish To Make A Complaint
If you are not happy with the service you have received from Unified World Communications Limited you can raise a complaint through any of the following channels:
Telephone us on: 01254 271 333
Post: Customer Services Department, Unified World Communications, Communications Experience Centre, Challenge Way, Greenbank Technology Park, Blackburn, United Kingdom. BB1 5QB.
Full details can be found in our complaints procedure on the website.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Unified World Communications Limited (or third parties as described above), or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and Unified World Communications Limited’s data protection representatives, Data Protection Officer/ GDPR Owner.
Unified World’s GDPR Owner Contact Details:
GDPR Owner
Unified World Communications
Communications Experience Centre,
Challenge Way, Greenbank Technology Park,
Blackburn,
United Kingdom. BB1 5QB.
privacy@unifiedworld.co.uk
01254 271 333
Supervisory Authority’s Contact Details:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
casework@ico.org.uk
03031 231113
Website
With regard to each of your visits to our website we will automatically collect technical information, information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs). However we do not collect the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
Live Chat currently collects and stores your IP address.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, see our Cookies Policy.
Job Applicants
All the above applies for job applicants except for the below substitutions.
What we use your personal information for
Our reasons
Our legitimate interests
Making decisions who to employ
Making sure company property is safe and secure
Check for criminal convictions
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Find and manage employees to ensure efficient running of the business
Quality Control and Monitoring
Security and safety of visitors, staff and assets
Type of personal information
Description
CCTV
If you enter any of our buildings your images may be captured on CCTV
Contact
Where your place of work is and how to contact you
Communications
What we learn about you from letters, emails and conversations between us
Criminal Convictions
If you are offered a position in certain areas/job roles we may apply for a basic disclosure
Education
Details of your qualifications and education
Employment History
Details of previous employers and references
Other Personal Information
Details of hobbies etc that you provide in your cv or application
Where we Collect Personal Information from
Data you give us:
When you apply for a job with us
Data from third parties:
Information from people and organisations you put us in contact with, i.e. references
Who We Share your Personal Information With
Unified World Communications Limited will not pass on your personal data to third parties unless: it is a legal requirement or you ask us to do so.
Where we collect personal information from
Government agencies like HMRC to provide income tax and NI contributions
How To Get A Copy Of Your Personal Information (Subject Access Request)
In compliance with your rights detailed above, you can request copies of all the personal information we hold on you. This is known as a “Subject Access Request”, “SAR” for short.
Email your request to hr@unifiedworld.co.uk You must include the words SAR and “your name” in the subject line.
Contact Details
Challenge Way
Greenbank Technology Park
Blackburn
Lancashire
BB1 5QB
Main Telephone : 01254 271 333
Email: info@unifiedworld.co.uk
VoIP Enquiries: 01254 271 334
Email: voip@unifiedworld.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Subscribe to our Monthly Newsletter
Email Address
© 2020 Unified World Communications.
Unified World
About
About Unified World
Media Hub
Customer Login
Business Telecoms
Office Phone Systems
TalkExpress VoIP System
VoCoVo Go for Retail
Business Mobiles
Business Broadband
Business Connectivity
Telecom Management
Business Telecoms Leasing
IoT & M2M
Internet of Things
M2M Data Sims
IoT/LTE Routers
Digital and Sensory
Digital Products
Visitor Management System
Interactive Digital 4k Touch Screens
Totem Touch Screen Digital Signage
Dash Camera Technology
Sensory Products
Sensory Spaces
Sensory Scents
Wizefloor Interactive Floor
Mood Ceilings
Funtronic Interactive Surface
COVID-19 Support
Cloud Office Telephone System
Internet-in-a-Box
Hand Sanitisers
Door Handle Sanitisers
Protective Shields
Steriliser Box
Contact
Tel: 01254 271 333 | info@unifiedworld.co.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy policy