http://www.linphone.org/terms-and-privacy
Jump to navigation
Logo menu mobile
Main menu
Products
Solutions
Licensing & services
Technical corner
About us
News
Menu Solutions
All use cases
Linphone and its components are divers of innovation in many sectors. Read our white papers.
Secure communications
Leverage our long-term expertise on secure user authentication and end-to-end encryption.
Menu technical corner
Linphone
An open source SIP phone for voice/video calls and instant messaging (mobile and desktop)
Liblinphone
A high-level VoIP library implementing all SIP calling and IM features within a single API
Flexisip
A SIP server implementation with proxy, presence and conference modules
Mediastreamer2
A powerful, lightweight streaming engine for voice/video telephony applications
Belle-sip
A modern library implementing SIP transport, transaction and dialogue layers
oRTP
A C library implementing Real-Time Transport Protocol
bcg729
A fully portable C99 implementation of both an encoder and decoder for the G.729 A/B codec
VoIP tunnel
A VoIP anti-blocking solution to overcome VoIP blocking and firewall restrictions
LIME
End-to-end encryption module for instant messaging, implementing the Signal Protocol
Newsletter
Tap the keyboard to perform your search
Main menuProducts
Solutions
Licensing & services
Technical corner
About us
News
En tête page de base
Terms and Privacy
Terms and Privacy
Primary tabsView (active tab)
What links here
Privacy Policy
This articles describes the key points for GDPR compliance of Linphone's Free SIP service operated on domains sip.linphone.org and sip.lindoor.org and this website www.linphone.org.
Processed but not collected data
For the purpose of providing the service, Belledonne Communications servers are constantly receiving, processing and expediting data from users. It includes:
Voice and video streams when direct communication cannot be established due to network configuration.
Chat messages and their associated auxiliary information (delivery notification, composing indication). They may be stored in RAM up to one week until their complete delivery to their destination.
File attachments (sent together with chat messages). They are stored anonymously on disk up to one month.
Phone numbers of user's mobile phone address book, for the purpose of identifying address members that are subscribed to the service, in order to facilitate communications between users. These phone numbers are only stored in RAM.
Collected data
When you register to Linphone newsletter or contact Belledonne Communications' team, by email or via the online contact form, the information that you provide is electronically stored in order to process your request. This information may also be used by the sales and marketing department of Belledonne Communications only, in accordance with GDPR’s data processing standards.
In the purpose of providing the Free SIP service, some user data is collected. It is dived in several sets:
User subscription data:
Name
Email address
IP address used while subscribing
User's password stored as a MD5 or SHA256 hash, used for SIP digest authentication.
User's international phone number, for users subscribing from the mobile application.
User-agent used for subscription: it can be the browser's user-agent string, or the Linphone app user-agent string. The user-agent string of mobile apps includes an identifier of the device, for example "Moto G7", "Samsung SM518", "Apple Ipad 2", which is used to allow users to easily track the devices on which they have used their SIP account.
User activity data:
Calls logs. They comprise: caller's SIP address, callee's SIP address, date, time, status (completed or not), duration.
Chat message logs: sender's SIP address, recipient's SIP address, date, time, status (delivered or not), type (content or delivery notification). For clarity, the actual content is not stored.
Registration logs: these logs represent the instants when a user apps connects to the service through the network. They contain: date, time, status, IP address.
Group chat activity data:
For the purpose of providing group chat and secure one to one chat, some informations are stored in database:
User's membership to group chat and secure one to one chatrooms, including user's device identification (thanks to user-agent string) actually joined to the IM session. It also contains date and time where the user has join or left a chatroom.
Subject entered by the user while creating a group chat.
Debug logs:
For the sole purpose of troubleshooting, Belledonne Communications reserves the right to activate the debug logs for the software used to provide the service. Such debug logs contain full protocol information for the calls, chat messages and other protocol events generated by the users.
Data protection
Belledonne Communications runs the Free SIP service on machines hosted by OVH SAS, in France and Germany.
The machines are secured, only Belledonne Communications workers are entitled to login.
When ZRTP option is activated in Linphone application voice and video packets are end to end encrypted. When secure chatrooms are used by users, chat messages are also end-to-end encrypted.
End to end encryption means that this content cannot be read even to somebody having control on the machines used to provide the service.
The Linphone applications connect to the service over TLS 1.2, unless configuration is expressly changed by the user.
User right to suppress data
Users can delete their account at any time, which automatically erases the "User subscription data" from the database.
For other kinds of data, users are invited to contact Belledonne Communications through https://linphone.org web site to request their deletion.
Data expiration
User subscription data:
It never expires, and is kept until the user decides to delete its account.
User activity data:
It is automatically deleted 12 months after being recorded.
Group chat activity data:
It is kept as long as the chat session (chatroom) is alive, ie there is still a user device joined to the chatroom. When all devices from all users have left a chatroom, all data associated to the chatroom is suppressed.
Debug logs:
Debug logs are automatically erased after 1 month.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, or all type of content that you may upload or send  with Linphone (e.g. text conversations, calls, videos, photos; etc.).
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Your consent
By using our services, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contact us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below :
Belledonne Communications - Le Trident Bat A - 34 avenue de l'Europe 38100 Grenoble - Franceinfo@belledonne-communications.com
Footer mentions
© Copyright 2020 - Linphone - Belledonne Communications SARL