http://www.verypdf.com/privacy.html
PDF Tools
PDF to Word Converter
PDF to Excel Converter
PDF Password Remover
VeryPDF PDF Editor
Document Printer (docPrint)
PDF to TXT Converter
PDF to HTML Converter
PDF to Image Converter
PDF to TIFF Extractor
PDF to Any Converter
CHM to PDF Converter
Free Text to PDF Converter
PDF Stamp
PDF Form Filler
Advanced PDF Tools
Encrypt PDF
PDF to PDF/A Converter
PDF Compressor
Advanced PDF Page Crop
Advanced PDF Page Cut
Business Utilities
Flipbook Maker
PDF to Word OCR Converter
PDF to Excel OCR Converter
Scan to Word OCR Converter
Scan to Excel OCR Converter
Image to PDF OCR Converter
Screen OCR
OCR to Any Converter
PDFcamp Printer Pro
Document Converter
Table Extractor OCR
PDF Tools
PDF Text Replacer
PDF Split-Merge
PDF Size Splitter PDF Manual Splitter
PDF Content Splitter PDF Table Extractor PDF Stitcher PDF Repair
Multimedia
TIFF Toolkit
XPS to Any Converter
Flash to Animated GIF Converter
Raster to Vector Converter
PDF to Flash Flipbook Converter
Flash to Image Converter
Free ShareShot
Business Utilities
PDF Batch Print GUI
HTML Converter
AutoCAD to PDF Converter
PCL Converter
PowerPoint Converter
PowerPoint to Flash Converter
PowerPoint to Video Converter
PDF to PowerPoint Converter
DWG to Vector Converter
PDF to DWG Converter
Office to Any Converter
Development and Consoles
Mini EMF Printer Driver
Metafile to PDF Converter CMD
PDF Viewer OCX Control
PDF to Text OCR Converter CMD
OCR to Any Converter CMD
HTML to Any Converter CMD
PDF to Image Converter CMD
PDFPrint Command Line
PDFPrint SDK
PDF Linearization Optimizer CMD
PDF Editor Toolkit Pro SDK
Flash to Image Converter CMD
PDF Toolbox Command Line
PDF Toolbox Component for .NET
PDF Font Extractor CMD
PDF Parse & Modify Component
PDF to ePub Converter CMD
Free Software
Free ShareShot
PDF Tools
PDF Password Remover for Mac
PDF to Any Converter for Mac
PDF to Image Converter for Mac
PDF Splitter for Mac
PDF Merger for Mac
PDF Encrypter for Mac
HTML to PDF Converter for Mac
Image to PDF Converter for Mac
PDF to Image Converter Shell for Mac
CHM to PDF Converter for Mac
PDF Compressor for Mac
PDF Toolbox Shell for Mac
PDF Content Splitter for Mac
PDF Table Extractor for Mac
PDF Repair for Mac
PDF Stitcher for Mac
Advanced PDF Page Cut for Mac
Business Utilities
OCR to Any Converter for Mac
PCL to Image Converter for Mac
PCL to TIFF Converter for Mac
HTML to PDF Converter for Mac
Table Extractor OCR for Mac
Development and Shells
PDF Toolbox Shell for Mac
PDF to Image Converter Shell for Mac
HTML to Any Converter Shell for Mac
PCL to Any Converter Shell for Mac
PDF Stitcher Command Line for Mac
One to Any Converters
PDF to Any Converter for Mac
HTML to Any Converter Shell for Mac
OCR to Any Converter for Mac
PCL to Any Converter Shell for Mac
Cloud API
VeryPDF Cloud API Platform
VeryPDF Cloud OCR API
Web to PDF Converter Cloud API
HTML to Image Converter Cloud API
Free Online Tools
Free Online PDF Toolbox
Free Online Advanced PDF Converter
Free Online PDF Compressor
Free Online PDF Splitter
Free Online DOCX to DOC Converter
Free Online Word to PDF Editor
Free Online ShareFile
Free Online RSS Feed to Email
Free Online Tools
Free Online Invoice Maker
Free Online PDF Toolbox
Free Online Web Site to PDF Maker
Free Online URL to PDF Converter
Free Online PDF to Word Converter
Free Online PDF to Image Converter
Free Online URL to Image Converter
Free Online Image Converter
Free Online DOC to PDF Converter
Free Online OCR Converter
Free Online PDF Merger
Free Online PDF Stamper
Free Online PDF Page Resizer
Store and Publish
Flipbook Maker (Desktop Version)
Free Online Flipbook Maker
Free Online PDF DRM Security
Free Online Document Editor
Free Online Document Viewer
Free Online Thumbnail Viewer
Free Online Document Sharing
Free Online Document Annotator
Free Online Document Slideshow
Free Online PDF Form Filler
Free Online Photo Slideshow
Free Online File Converter
Online PDF to Excel Converter
Knowledge Base
Submit a Ticket
Send an Email
Custom Solutions
Support Options
Contact Us
Windows
Mac
Online
Support
Current Page: VeryPDF > Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
a. To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
b. To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
c. To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
d. To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
e. To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy
Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.verypdf.com/terms-of-use.html
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on Jan. 31, 2012
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Website: www.VeryPDF.com Email:
support@verypdf.com
About Us |
Reseller |
Solution |
Contact Us |
Privacy |
Terms of Use |
Links |
Sitemap |
Affiliate |
VeryDOC |
Online |
VeryUtils
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 VeryPDF.com, Inc. All rights reserved.