http://www.mailingmanager.co.uk/privacy-policy.php
Why Outsource?
Who we work with
Solutions for Industries:
Healthcare
Marketing
Recruitment
ECommerce
Manufacturing
Hospitality
Charities
Download our FREE
Email MarketingGuide
Free stuff
Pricing
Contact
Schedule a call
0345 468 1525
Why Outsource?
Who we work with
Healthcare Solutions
Marketing Solutions
Recruitment Solutions
Ecommerce Solutions
Manufacturing Solutions
Hospitality Solutions
Charities Solutions
Free Stuff
Pricing
Contact
Schedule a call
Privacy Policy
I H M
LIMITED of 15/16 Moulton Park Office Village, Scirocco Close, Northampton, NN3
6AP ("we", "us" or "our") are committed to
protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you,
or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following
carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data
and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the General Data Protection Regulations
2016, and any and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to the
processing of personal data and privacy (the "Data Protection
legislation"), we act as the data controller. Our nominated representative
for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation can be contacted at
info@mailingmanager.co.uk
1.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
1.1 We may collect and process the
following data about you:
1.1.1 information that you provide by filling in forms on our site
www.mailingmanager.co.uk (our "site"). This includes information
provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our
service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you
for information when you report a problem with our site;
1.1.2 if you ask us to provide any services to you
the information you provide to us in relation to those services such as your
name, employer and contact details.
1.1.3 if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We
may also keep records of how you interact with correspondence we send to you
howsoever sent (and including emails and SMS’ messages where lawfully sent to
you);
1.1.4 if you complete surveys that we use for research purposes
(although for the avoidance of doubt you do not have to respond to such
surveys), the information which you provide in response to that survey;
1.1.5 details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the
fulfilment of your orders; and
1.1.6 details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to,
the search terms you used to locate our website or which you used within our
website, traffic data, location data, your IP address, weblogs, device type,
computer operating system, details of your browser, browser build and browsing
behaviour and other communication data, whether this is required for our own
billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access including the
links which you click.
2. IP
ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
2.1 We may collect information about
your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and
browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to
our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and
patterns, and does not identify any individual.
2.2 For the same reason as detailed
on clause 2.1, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by
using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies
contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They
help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised
service. They enable us to:
2.2.1 estimate our audience size and
usage pattern;
2.2.2 store information about your preferences, and so allow us to
customise our site according to your individual interests;
2.2.3 speed up your searches; and
2.2.4 recognise you when you return to our site.
2.3 You may refuse to accept cookies
by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the
setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to
access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting
so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on
to our site.
2.4 Please note that our advertisers
may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
2.5 For detailed information on the
cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy
3. WHERE
WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 The data that we collect from
you may be transferred to, and may be stored at, a destination outside the
European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff
operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such
staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the
processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By
submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or
processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and that it
is subject to appropriate safeguards, a copy of which can be provided by
sending a request to I H M Limited, 15/16 Moulton Park Office Village, Scirocco
Close, Northampton, NN3 6AP.
3.2 All information you provide to
us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you
to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
3.3 Unfortunately, the transmission
of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do
our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of
your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once
we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security
features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
4.
PURPOSE OF PROCESSING THE INFORMATION
4.1 We may process the information
held about you in the following purposes:
4.1.1 to ensure that content from our
site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer in
accordance with our legitimate interests;
4.1.2 to provide you with information, products or services that you
request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have expressly
consented to be contacted for such purposes. You may unsubscribe at any time
from receiving further communications from us for such purposes;
4.1.3 to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered
into between you and us as is necessary for the performance of our contract
with you or to take steps at request prior to entering into such a contract;
4.1.4 to allow you to participate in interactive features of our
service, when you choose to do so in accordance with our legitimate interests;
4.1.5 to notify you about changes to our service in accordance with our
legitimate interests;
4.1.6 to analyse and monitor usage behaviour in accordance with our
legitimate interests;
4.1.7 to maintain, manage and improve the Service either ourselves or
via third party suppliers in accordance with our legitimate interests; and
4.1.8 to aggregate information about you, your spending and your use of
the Service with information about other users of the Service in order to
identify trends ("Aggregated Data"). We may pass Aggregated Data to
third parties to give them a better understanding of our business and to bring
you a better Service. Aggregated Data will not contain information from which
you may be personally identified.
4.2 We may also process your data,
or permit selected third parties to process your data, to provide you with
information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or
they may contact you about these by post or telephone provided that you have
opted in to receive these communications
4.3 If you are an existing customer,
we will only contact you with information about goods and services similar to
those which were the subject of a previous sale to you where we believe these
will be of interest to you and so where we have a legitimate interest in doing
so.
4.4 If you are not a customer, and
where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will
contact you by electronic means only if you have given express consent to this.
4.5 If you no longer want us to
process your data in the manner set out in this clause 4, would like us to make
any amendments or rectifications to your data or would like us to delete your
data from our system, please email us at info@mailingmanager.co.uk to advise
us.
4.6 We do not disclose information
about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with
aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500
men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may
also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience
they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the
personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our
advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
For the
purposes of this Privacy Policy, our ‘legitimate interests’ include the proper
administration, monitoring and improvement of our business and our site, the
provision of the mailing manager services, the promotion of our business
including direct marketing and the maintenance of the goodwill and reputation
of I H M Limited which includes the provision of excellent customer service and
care.
5.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
5.1 We may disclose your personal
information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our
ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of
the UK Companies Act 2006 where we have a legitimate interest in doing so such
as where a decision has been made to consolidate support services or where
required by such companies professional advisers in the performance of their
services.
5.2 We may disclose your personal
information to third parties in the following circumstances, where we have a
legitimate interest for doing so or where it is necessary for our performance of
our contract with you or where we are legally obliged to do so:
5.2.1 in the event that we sell or buy
any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the
prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets as part of the sale or
purchase process and to allow this transaction to proceed;
5.2.2 if I H M Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired
by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers
will be one of the transferred assets; and
5.2.3 if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in
order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to
protect the rights, property, or safety of I H M Limited, our customers, or
others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
5.3 On occasion we may need to
engage third party suppliers, web hosts and developers for the purpose of the
maintenance, management and improvement of the services which we provide to you
and to our other customers. We require all third parties to respect the
security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We
do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for
their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for
specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. YOUR
RIGHTS
6.1 You have the right to ask us not
to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform
you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such
purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for
such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by not
checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also
exercise the right at any time by contacting us at I H M Limited, 15/16 Moulton
Park Office Village, Scirocco Close, Northampton, NN3 6AP or by clicking the
unsubscribe link on any marketing communications we send to you by email.
Similarly you can request any amendments or rectifications to your data by
contacting us at this address and can use this address to notify us if you
would like us to delete or erase your data or, in certain circumstances, if you
would like us to restrict the way in which we process your data. Please note
that, in certain circumstances, we may not be able to delete or erase your
personal data such as where this is still required for the purpose for which it
was provided or where we have overriding legitimate interests in retaining your
data.
6.2 Where you have given us your
consent to the specific processing of your personal data please note you have
the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Should you wish to withdraw
your consent please contact us at the address above.
6.3 Our site may, from time to time,
contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and
affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that
these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any
responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies
before you submit any personal data to these websites.
7. ACCESS
TO INFORMATION
7.1 The Data Protection Legislation
gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access
can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation
8.
STORAGE OF YOUR DATA
8.1 We shall store your data in
accordance with our Data Retention Policy a copy of which can be viewed here.
9.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
9.1 Any changes we may make to our
privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where
appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
10.
CONTACT
10.1 Questions, comments and requests
regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to I H M
Limited, 15/16 Moulton Park Office Village, Scirocco Close, Northampton, NN3
6AP.
11.
COMPLAINTS
11.1 If you are unhappy with the way
in which we have collected or processed your data or have any other complaint
in relation to our handling of your data you can make a complaint to the
Information Commissioner, further information can be found on the Information
Commissioner’s website at www.ico.org.uk or via their helpline on 0303
123 1113.
12.
GOVERNING LAW
12.1 This Policy and any dispute or
claim arising out of it or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and
the parties irrevocably agree that the courts of England have exclusive
jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection
with this policy or its subject matter.
Version 2.3 - 14/04/2020
Home
Why Outsource?
Free Stuff
Template Ideas
Charities
Contact
Schedule a call
Pricing
Blog
Industries
Who we work with
Healthcare
Marketing
Recruitment
Ecommerce
Manufacturing
Hospitality
Social
© 2020 mailingmanager | mailingmanager is a registered trade mark of IHM LTD
terms
anti spam
privacy policy
cookie policy
site map