http://www.goemerchant.com/privacy/
(888) 638-7867
Support
Contact
Careers
Sign In
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
goEmerchant - Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about personal information collected through your interactions with https://www.goemerchant.com/ or any other website that links directly to this Privacy Policy (each a “Site” and collectively, the “Sites”).
Personal Information We Collect
Information You Provide. We collect any personal information that you provide to us through your use of our Sites. Personal information you provide to us through the Sites may include: your login ID and password, your name, your company name, your mailing address, your email address, your phone number, your fax number and additional information used to contact you. This information is used to provide you with access to our services, data and information regarding the services we provide to you and/or your customers, and any other information that you request from us. If you request information from us about our services, you give us and our agents permission to send you emails or place phone calls to you related to the information that you requested.
Information Collected Automatically. We may also collect certain technical and usage information automatically, such as time of day of your visits, browser type and version, browser language, your operating system and platform, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect to our Sites. This information is used for analytical purposes and to help us provide services to our clients. We may also use this information to administer and troubleshoot our Sites and servers and to remember your computer or device when you return to a Site you previously visited.
We may use “cookies” or similar technologies to collect this information. "Cookies" are small pieces of information stored as a text string on your computer's hard drive that are placed and used when you visit our Sites. You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other website. Controlling cookies via browser controls may not limit our use of other technologies. Please consult your browser’s settings for more information. However, blocking cookies or similar technology might prevent you from accessing some of our content or Site features.
How We Use Your Personal Information
In addition to uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we use the personal information we collect to communicate with you, provide our products and services, customize or personalize content for you, identify and authenticate you, improve our products and services, including the content on the Sites, to market to you, and for administrative purposes, system security, and research.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We have taken precautions to protect your personal information under our control from misuse, loss or alteration. Unfortunately, however, no system can ensure complete security and you should take all necessary steps to protect your information and its transmission to us. As a result, we cannot guarantee the protection of your personal information.
Disclosures to Third Parties
We may share the personal information that we collect among our affiliates, subsidiaries, and related companies, as well as with certain third parties that assist us in providing the products or services that you request or improving our marketing or administration.  We also may use or disclose information to third parties, such as law enforcement agencies and government authorities, when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of goEmerchant, respond to and resolve claims or complaints, prevent fraud and comply with or respond to law enforcement, a legal process, or a request for cooperation by a government or other regulatory entity.
In the event that we sell, assign, or transfer all or part of the goEmerchant business or its assets, we may transfer your personal information to the buyer, assignee, or transferee that is a party to that transaction. However, the buyer, assignee, or transferee will be required to safeguard personal information in a manner that is consistent with the requirements in this Privacy Policy. In such situations, your continued use of certain products or services may signify your agreement to be bound by the privacy policy and other applicable terms of the subsequent owner or operator.
We reserve the right to provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our clients, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns, but typically does not contain personally identifiable information about any individual user.
Links to Other Websites
We may provide links to third-party websites. Because we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted by these third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites or the information collected on such websites.
Your Choices – Marketing Communications
To opt out of receiving our email marketing communications, you can follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in any marketing email you receive from us. If you receive communications from us that you prefer not to receive, you may also opt out from receiving these communications by specifically indicating this preference in a communication to us sent to: sales@goemerchant.com.
Children’s Privacy
We do not provide services to children. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical.
California Privacy
California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal information collected by businesses. If you are a California resident who has interacted with us in a non-professional capacity, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information.
The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information. Although we do not currently engage in sales of personal information, opting out will ensure your personal information is not included in any future sales.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below:
By email at customer-privacy@merchantnotification.com
A request must be provided with sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond. The CCPA requires us to also verify the identity of the individual submitting the request before providing a substantive response to the request. As a result, we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.
Privacy Policy Updates
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. Any updates to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page, so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Continued use of the site following our posting of the change notice or an updated Privacy Policy will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.
Last Updated: April 2020
Copyright ©2020 goEmerchant, LLC. All rights reserved.