http://www.data-8.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This page aims to help you understand what information we might collect about you and how we use it.
Data8 ltd (company number 04773536) help our clients ensure that their databases are of the best possible quality. We do this making available by using various services including data cleansing, data validation, data supply and database hosting.
Data8 is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and will comply with the applicable data protection laws in all of our dealings with your personal data.
What personal information we collect about you
We may collect information about you regarding:
your name;
job title;
telephone contact details including company switchboard, direct dial and mobile;
your email address;
your business name;
addresses relating to your business or your role in your business;
the size and nature of your business;
website details relating to your business.
We do not collect sensitive personal data about you or your company.
If you contact us, or when we contact you, we may keep a record of that correspondence. This may include call recordings, details of your visits to our site and emails exchanged.
Where we collect information about you from
This information may be provided to us in various ways:
provided by you in day to day business communication through phone calls, emails or meetings;
provided through information found on publically accessible websites, including your company websites, online directories, social media and other websites;
bought in from lists that we purchase of potential customers that we feel may be interested in our products and services;
provided to us through trade shows or other similar events.
Uses made of the information
We may use information held about you in the following ways. To:
market our products and services to you via direct marketing methods including email, telephone or direct mail;
analyse the database in order to find out how to best market our products and services;
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
answer queries regarding orders that have been placed in the past;
manage credit control and invoicing tasks relating to your account;
cleanse or enhance the data to ensure that it is accurate and up-to-date;
notify you about changes to our products and services, this privacy policy or our terms and conditions.
We collect and store personal data for the purpose of our business database. As such, we will only retain your personal data for as long as we believe it is accurate and up-to-date. We verify and cleanse our data periodically and will remove your data from our records if we think that it is no longer accurate.
Where we store your personal data
We will store your data in a central CRM solution, and other standard business tools such as email, spreadsheets, mobile phones and phone systems.
Legal basis to process your personal data
The law allows for personal data to be legally collected and used if it is necessary for a legitimate interest of the organisation – as long as it is fair and balanced and does not unduly impact the rights of individuals.
We have assessed our business interests in carrying out our services and we have carefully considered the impact the collection and use of personal data could potentially have on individuals’ rights. Our databases contain data relating to companies and contacts, which is used to promote our business and such activities are unlikely to affect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals concerned. You have the option to opt out of being included in our CRM solution at any time. We have therefore concluded that unless we have documented evidence of valid consent being available for your data, the most appropriate lawful ground for the processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest.
In the event that you request any goods and/or services from us, we will rely on our contractual relationship to process your personal data to provide such goods and/or services to you.
Your rights including opting out
You have various rights under data protection law, including the rights to:
Request to see the personal data we hold about you;
Request that we correct or delete any inaccuracies in the personal data that we hold on you;
Object to processing that is likely to cause or is causing damage or distress;
Prevent processing for direct marketing
If you wish to talk to us about any of the above or if you simply would like to be removed from the online directory, please email us at datagovernance@data-8.co.uk.
If you have any concerns or complaints about our activities, you can contact us on datagovernance@data-8.co.uk.
Additionally, you have the right to raise a concern or complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office on 0303 123 1113 (www.ico.org.uk).
Data Processing Activities
Data8’s business activities involve us acting as a Data Processor to process our clients’ data on their specific instructions. This data may contain personal data that belongs to our clients (in legal terms they are the Data Controller). We do not do anything with this data other than as instructed by our clients. Appropriate technical and organisational measures are taken against unauthorised or unlawful processing of our clients’ personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, our clients’ personal data. Our clients’ data is not kept for longer than is necessary for that purposes provided to us.
In the performance of our Data Cleansing and Data Validation services, we are often requested to cross reference our clients’ data to data we receive from our suppliers. Both the clients’ data and our suppliers’ data contain Personal Data that may relate to individuals. Our website provides more details on the Data Cleansing services and the Data Sources that we use. When we process our clients’ data against our suppliers’ data we do so on the legal basis of Legitimate Interest.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this privacy policy please contact the data protection lead at Data8 ltd via email on datagovernance@data-8.co.uk or by post at:
Data Protection Lead Officer
Data8 LimitedUnit 2Venture PointStanney Mill RoadChesterCH2 4NE
Last updated: 23rd Sept 2020
Start a Free 30 Day Trial Today
Start a free trial today
Let's get started
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies