http://www.asetek.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Please Read These Terms Carefully Before Using This SiteThe materials on this website (the 'Site') are provided by Asetek as a service to its customers and may be used for informational purposes only. Single copies may be downloaded subject to the provisions below. By downloading any materials from this site, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to them, do not use the site or download any materials from it.TrademarksThere are a number of proprietary logos, service marks, and trademarks found on this Site. “Asetek”, the Asetek logo, and the phrase “Liquid Cooling Done Right” are trademarks of Asetek, and are used under license. Other proprietary logos, service marks, and trademarks are the property of Asetek or other owners. By making them available on this Site, Asetek is not granting you any license to utilize those proprietary logos, service marks, or trademarks.Performance InformationPerformance tests and ratings are measured using specific computer systems and/or components and reflect the approximate performance of Asetek's products as measured by those tests. Any difference in system hardware or software design or configuration may affect actual performance. Buyers should consult other sources of information to evaluate the performance of systems or components they are considering purchasing.LicenseThe materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You may download one copy of the information or software ('Materials') found on Asetek's sites on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial internal use only unless specifically licensed to do otherwise by Asetek in writing or as allowed by any license terms which accompany or are provided with individual Materials. This is a license, not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions: you may not:
(a) modify the Materials or use them for any commercial purpose, or any public display, performance, sale or rental;
(b) decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble software Materials except and only to the extent permitted by applicable law;
(c) remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Materials;
(d) transfer the Materials to another person. You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials.
OwnershipMaterials are copyrighted and are protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. They may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without Asetek's prior written permission. Except as expressly provided herein, Asetek and its suppliers do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information. Other rights may be granted to you by Asetek in writing or incorporated elsewhere in the Materials.
Termination: Asetek may terminate this license at any time if you are in breach of the terms of this Agreement. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy the Materials.DisclaimerTHE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL ASETEK OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF ASETEK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Asetek and its suppliers further do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. Asetek may make changes to these materials, or to the products described therein, at any time without notice. Asetek makes no commitment to update the Materials.External LinksThe linked sites are not under the control of Asetek and Asetek is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Asetek reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. Asetek does not endorse companies or products to which it links and reserves the right to note as such on its web pages. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.GeneralAsetek may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
clear
Important Cookie Information - this message will appear only once - Dismiss
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies and by continuing to use the site you agree that we can save them on your device. Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer and which remember your preferences/some details of your visit. Our cookies don’t collect personal information.For more information, please read our updated privacy and cookie policy, which also explains how to disable cookies if you wish to.