https://www.sandtechnology.com/about-sand/terms-of-use/
Nucleus
Integration
Performance
Scalability
Support
Free Version
Free Version Download
Free Version EULA
Documentation
Contact Us
About SAND
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home »  About SAND »  Terms of Use
All SAND.com pages and associated documents and files ©1996-2020 SAND Technology Inc. All Rights Reserved. SAND Technology, Nucleus, N-Vector, and MPSO are registered trademarks, and SAND CDBMS, SAND DataConnect and all related SAND- and Nucleus-based marks and designs, are trademarks of SAND Technology Inc. Other trademarks remain the property of their respective owners.
If you have any questions about SAND’s legal notices, the practices of this site, or your dealings with SAND Technology and/or SAND.com, please contact us.
Copyright ©2020 SAND TechnologyA division of N. Harris Computer CorporationTerms of use. Privacy policy.
Invert Theme By SketchThemes
This Website Uses Cookies.In order to provide a better user experience, this website uses cookies and similar technology to save your preferences and store session information to keep you logged in. To learn more about this, please review our Privacy Policy.By clicking "I Accept," dismissing this message, or continuing to use this site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them. I ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.