http://www.digitalalchemy.tv/2007/05/digital-alchemy-privacy-policy.html
taking you on a guided tour of the web
Local:
Digital Alchemy
About
Wiki
Contact
« Home
| Why Bloggers Need a Good Web Analytics Package » | Blogging From The Top of Mount Everest » | Saturday Siesta: The Sarah Connor Chronicles Trail... » | Optimus Maximus: It's a Keyboard, Not Transformers! » | Advertise on Digital Alchemy » | Joost Information Leak: Hiding Deal Plans in Plain... » | Google to Acquire FeedBurner? » | The Pirate Bay to Launch Video Streaming (YouTube)... » | Which Celebrity Do You Look Like? » | Dealing with RSS Overload: How Scoble Reads 622 RS... »
Saturday, May 19, 2007
Digital Alchemy Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or social security number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:• To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)• To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)• To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureDo we use cookies?Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsBy using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Labels: Technology
Send to a Friend!
Subscribe!
Digital Alchemy Privacy Policy
Comment Archive
Reader Comments:
Previous Posts
Why Bloggers Need a Good Web Analytics Package
Blogging From The Top of Mount Everest
Saturday Siesta: The Sarah Connor Chronicles Trail...
Optimus Maximus: It's a Keyboard, Not Transformers!
Advertise on Digital Alchemy
Joost Information Leak: Hiding Deal Plans in Plain...
Google to Acquire FeedBurner?
The Pirate Bay to Launch Video Streaming (YouTube)...
Which Celebrity Do You Look Like?
Dealing with RSS Overload: How Scoble Reads 622 RS...
« Home
Get our daily email newsletter:
Recent Posts
Why Bloggers Need a Good Web Analytics Package
Blogging From The Top of Mount Everest
Saturday Siesta: The Sarah Connor Chronicles Trail...
Optimus Maximus: It's a Keyboard, Not Transformers!
Advertise on Digital Alchemy
Joost Information Leak: Hiding Deal Plans in Plain...
Google to Acquire FeedBurner?
The Pirate Bay to Launch Video Streaming (YouTube)...
Which Celebrity Do You Look Like?
Dealing with RSS Overload: How Scoble Reads 622 RS...
Celebrities
Levi Johnston Photo Gallery
Miss Wasilla (Sarah Palin) Photos
Bristol Palin Photos
Sheyla Hershey Photo Gallery
Entertainment
How to Watch TV Online
Kim Kardashian Dash Store
Watch Beijing Olympics Online
Listen to Pandora From Outside USA
Anti-Censorship Tips
Sidestep ISP Throttling: Increase BitTorrent Speeds
Big List of Anti-Censorship Resources
Dodge YouTube Ban in Thailand, Iran, and Morocco
Watch ABC, NBC, FOX, and CBS TV Streams From Outside USA
Bypass Flickr Ban in China, Iran, UAE, and Saudi Arabia
How to Create Your Own Web Proxy
Movies and Videos
Bulk Download YouTube Videos
Free DivX Movie Subtitles
Increase Your Productivity
Use Craigslist Like a Pro
Secrets of Laptop Ergonomics
10 Tips to Deal with Information Overload
The Wiki Way to Getting Things Done
Windows XP/Vista Tips
Upgrade to Vista for Free (Kind of)
Disable Automatic Updates Restart Nag
Download Windows Vista Wallpapers
Tabbed Browsing in Windows Explorer
Upgrade Alt-Tab Switching
Install Complete Software Suite in 5 Minutes
Gmail/Email Tips
Generate Unlimited Gmail Addresses
Import Email to Gmail
How to Backup your Gmail Account
Schedule Emails for Future Delivery
Access All your Email Accounts with Gmail
50 Gmail Invites
Gmail Power Tips
How to Deal with Email Spam
Internet Tips
Keep your Browsing History Safe
Speed Up your Internet Connection
Clear Firefox Usage Tracks
Working with Photos Online
3 Free Powerful Photoshop Alternatives
10 Must Have Flickr Greasemonky Scripts
Fix Photo Weirdness with Wiredness
Hide Secret Files in JPEG's
Simple Picture Editing with Snipshot
Backing up your Flickr Photos
Need a MySpace Profile Picture Fast?
Editing Photos with Picnik
Create Animated GIFs in Seconds
Want to use MS Paint Online?
Elements of Blogging
The Three Pillars of Blogging Success
Using Web Analytics to Increase Traffic
How to Create a Favicon
Show off your RSS Subscribers
6 Missing MyBlogLog Tools
Create Your Own Browser Toolbar
Forget Chicklets: Get a FeedButton
Three Steps to make a Firefox Search Plugin
Features
Complete Guide to Free Legal Music
Emperor's Club VIP Pictures
Watch Live Webcams and Security Cameras
Tab Mix Plus for Firefox 3
Deactivate Facebook Account
Shoutcast: Watch TV in Winamp
Archives
- Click for Blog Archives -
^Back to Top
Privacy Policy