http://www.imagecreation.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Image Creation Website Design Yorkshire
Home
Web Hosting
Domain Name Search
Our Hosting Packages
Super Budget
Budget Account
Home Starter
Home Professional
Business Starter
Business Professional
WordPress Hosting
Joomla Hosting
About Our Web Hosting
Why Choose Us for Hosting
Our Hosting Technology
Managing Your Website
We Give You More!
Web Hosting Hints & Tips
Website Design
Our Design Packages
1 Page Website Design
2 to 4 Page Website
5 to 8 Page Web Design
9 to 15 Page Website
Online Shop Design
Business Blog & CMS
DIY Website Projects
Online Shops / Ecommerce
Web Design Hints & Tips
Internet Marketing
SEO Website Report
Website SEO Packs
Bronze SEO Package
Silver SEO Package
Gold SEO Package
Portfolio
Interactive Websites
Shops & Ecommerce
Brochure Websites
Affiliate Marketing
About Us
IC Website News
Meet the Team
Contact Us
1 Page Design
2 to 4 Pages
5 to 8 Pages
9 to 15 Pages
Blog/CMS Design
Online Shop
DIY Projects
Other Options
Home
Terms and Conditions
Domain Name Search
Enter your chosen Domain Name to check the current availability.
.com
.co.uk
.net
.org
.org.uk
.biz
.info
Standard Web Features
Get FREE Domain Name
1st Years Hosting
FREE
Personalised
Email
Pro Stock Photography
Expert Technical Support
Search Engine Optimisation
Visitor Statistics & Reports
& Much More....
Conditions of Supply of Network/Internet Services.
General Terms.
We Do Not allow Adult, Warez, illegal MP3 Sites or IRC Bots.You May Not store more data in your account than your allotted virtual server space. Your virtual server (inc FTP and Telnet access) is for your personal/company use only. You Must Not divulge the password to any other persons, and you should take reasonable precautions to ensure that it is not discovered by other people. Data stored on our servers is Not guaranteed to be backed up. It is recommended that you keep an independent backup of all data stored on your virtual server. You May Not run server processes (eg. talkers/IRC Bots) from your virtual server.We Shall Not be held liable for any loss or damages caused by the use or misuse, unavailability or removal of services. When your account is closed, all files (including web pages, etc.) will be deleted. When your account is suspended you will lose all access to email accounts, files stored on the virtual server and any other data that may have been set up. We reserve the right to cancel your account at any time without notice. We reserve the right to amend and update these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice. To protect your privacy we never distribute your name or e-mail address. Please see our privacy policy for more information.Users Must Not participate in any form of un-solicited bulk e-mailing or spam.
By logging into your account, or uploading files to it, you are indicating your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Refunds.
By signing up for one of our yearly packages we expect you to commit for this period of time. Because of your commitment, we offer all of our accounts at a discounted rate. If you cancel your account within your service period then ImageCreation.co.uk will not make any refunds on any unused portions of your account. While we do not offer refunds for our yearly service (beyond our 30 day money back guarantee which is applicable to some accounts only) you have no obligation to continue using our service.
Our 30 day money back guarantee (applicable to some accounts only) excludes the refund of domain name registration fees.
Telnet Access.
Telnet shell accounts are made available for editing and setting up your web site. It is not a development platform for issues unrelated to your web site. You Must Not leave your home directory at any time. You Must Not attempt to gain the privileges of another user.
Interfering with the following files will result in your telnet access being removed without notice – .bash_history – bash_logout – .bash_profile – .bashrc.
MyServerWorld™ 10.0 Control Panel.
MyServerWorld(tm) is a trademark/copyright of Host Europe PLC. Any attempt to use the MyServerWorld™ 10.0 for purposes other than it’s intended use will result in your account being terminated.
Any attempt to obtain the source code and internal functionality of the MyServerWorld™ 10.0 will result in legal action.
Bandwidth.
If your bandwidth reaches the points where it has an adverse affect on other clients we reserve the right to disable your site until you can reduce your bandwidth usage.
Each virtual server includes a nominated amount of bandwidth, if you use more than this amount then you agree to pay for this bandwidth at a rate of 7p (seven pence) per 1 MB.
Website’s & Pages.
Commercial use of web and ftp space is permitted. You will be responsible for the content of your pages, including obtaining the legal permission for any works they include and ensuring that the contents of these pages do not violate UK law. You will be held responsible for and accept responsibility for any defamatory, confidential, secret or other proprietary material available via your page(s).
We reserve the right to remove material deemed inappropriate from your web pages, without prior notice. ImageCreation.co.uk do not allow adult, warez or illegal MP3 web sites on their servers.
Remote Computer Support
Occasionally we are requested to perform computer support via a remote control session, however we cannot be held responsible for any data loss as a result of such works. It is the responsibility of the client to ensure that backups are available before any work commences. Should any issues arise throughout the support session and a data loss occur it will be the responsibility of the client to supply a suitable back up for full data restoration.
Remote Computer support is not available as part of our packages and any work performed will become chargeable as an extra to any of your agreed package costs.
Credit and Renewals
If your account/service is activated/renewed before payment is made then payment must be paid in full on reciept of your invoice. If payment/renewal is not made in full within 21 days your account may be deactivated without notice.
Deactivated accounts can be reinstated for a limited time only after deactivation, however there is an administration charge of £49.95 for this service. This is to cover our credit control and technical costs due to non payment of your products/services.
We require that you provide 14 days written notice for cancellation of your products/services, failure to do so may result in you still being liable for payment in full.
Domain Name Search
Enter your chosen Domain Name to check the current availability.
.com
.co.uk
.net
.org
.org.uk
.biz
.info
Latest Website Designs
Astral Hygiene / Blog & CMS
www.Astral-Hygiene.co.uk
Ren Regress / Brochure Site
www.RenRegress.com
Torbridge / Property Portal
www.torbridge.com
What Our Clients Say"I want you to know that we are delighted with the website. I don’t think Jeanne had quite realised how the automatic feed would work...."Nicholas IrwinNicholas Irwin"Thank you so much the site looks fantastic, many people have commented already saying its a massive improvement on the old one & looks great! "Darren WordsworthEasySitges.com
Latest Website News
Image Creation Web 2.0 Launched
Help, Hints and Tips
How to Limit Archive Links
eShop Not Processing Orders
Animated Charts for WordPress
FTP (File Transfer Protocol)
Our Special Offers
Professional SEO Website Report
How to Contact Us
01723 890922
sales@imagecreation.co.uk
Online Contact Form
©2020
Image Creation Website Design Yorkshire, North Yorkshire | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | Designed & Powered by Image Creation
Website Design Scarborough Yorkshire.
close me