http://www.stlads.com/i/policies/Store-Policies.html
Sign In
Modules & More
•Merchant 5 Modules
•Merchant 4 Modules
•Paid Services
Services
•Web Commerce
•Web Development
•Consulting Services
•Web Hosting
•SEO & Marketing
•Multimedia & Graphics
•ADS Site Starter
About Us
•Why ADS?
•Customer Showcase
•Testimonials
•Contact Us
•Mail List
Site Tools
•Sign In
•Search
•My Cart
•Checkout
•My Favorites
•Order Status/History
•Make a Payment
•Store Policies
•Module Docs
•Home
Items in Cart: 0Cart Total: $0.00
My Cart - Checkout
Have Questions About Getting Started? Try our Web Starter
MIVA Merchant 5, with Store Morph Technology™, now provides complete control over your entire online store design. Learn More
Home >
ADS Store Policies
Software and License Key Delivery 	All Advanced Development Solutions(ADS) software is available for immediately download, right after purchase. Our secure product and license key delivery system is free of charge. The invoice screen and email confirmation will contain your software download link and license key. Non-ADS software will be sent manually via email to the customer provided Ship To email..
Support Policies
Software and Services purchased through stlads.com website are fully supported by Advanced Development Solutions, Inc. support team. ADS also provides first level of support for any third party module or system sold through our site. Additional support for third party modules will be provided directly by the developer. The Contact information for each developer will include preferred methods of contact, and occasionally a Support Alert.
Advanced Development Solutions will intervene, where necessary on a customers behalf where a developer is not supplying satisfactory support.
Payment Methods and Security 	STLADS.com accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express via our PayPal account. ADS and PayPal process your credit card in real time across a secure connection. We DO NOT store your credit card details to protect the security of your information. This credit card transaction will appear on your bill as "PAYPAL *ADVANCEDDEV".
Privacy Notice 	This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Advanced Development Solutions, Inc.. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, during checkout or other direct contact from you. We will never sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will never share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We will only contact you by email about specials and store updates if you opt in to our Newsletter during checkout or through the manual signup form.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
If you subscribe to our ADS Newsletter you may opt-OUT at any time by following the Unsubscribe instructions found in the footer of all Email Newsletters or by using the form here.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as name, address and email address), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. When you enter highly sensitive data ( your credit card information ) we process the transaction via PayPal, in real time and do NOT store your credit card details. You can verify that sensitive information is being protected by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Order information ( excluding payment details ) is the only data stored offline, and this is for backup purposes only. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 314-434-2867 or via Contact Form.
Sales Tax 	Sales tax is charged on all order placed in the state of Missouri.
Refund Policy 	Advanced Development Solutions, Inc. understands that products are sometimes ordered in error, or do not meet expectations. In the event that you are not completely happy with your ADS software purchase, you may request a refund within 30 days of purchase.
ADS can issue a refund if the following conditions are met:
Refunds must be requested within 30 days of purchase
Customers must have first requested support to resolve the issue or report the inadequacy.
ADS may request proof that a product has been completely uninstalled and is no longer in use. We will disable refunded license keys to stop future installation. Refunds of Installation Charges are non-refundable.
Developer Installation fees are not be refunded if the developer installation is complete	A restocking fee may be applicable on refunds*	ADS reserve the right to refuse refunds if they believe that customers are engaged in license violations.
ADS will not issue refunds for the following reasons:
Customers expectation of the software bears NO relation to product description and features Customers hosting account is inferior and incapable of supporting third party modules
Customer purchased the software for evaluation purposes. Purchased Software function as described but customer decides to abandon MIVA Merchant as a solution
ADS finds evidence of license abuse for this or other software products registered to customer
Once approved, refunds are batched and processed every 2 weeks. You can find can request a refund or request more details here.
License Violation Policy 	MIVA Central reserve the right to revoke all MIVA Central licenses of customers who have been found to violate any license agreements, of if requests to bring licensing into compliance are refused. Licence violations include the installation of products in multiple stores or on multiple domains without the required number of licenses. Licenses are automatically deemed void when violations occur and no refund will be given. MIVA Central partners reserve the right to include procedures within their installation processes which verify the validity of licenses and log installations.
STLADS.COM is Owned and Operated by
Advanced Development Solutions, Inc.
1748 Schulte Hill Dr.
Maryland Heights, MO 63043
314-434-2867
"architects of the web since 1998"
Learn more about our services Build Your Business Online!
SERVICES | PRODUCTS |
ACCOUNT LOGIN
|
STORE POLICIES |
ABOUT US |
CONTACT US | HOME
Copyright © 2010, Advanced Development Solutions, Inc.   -  Hosting by HOSTASAURUS MIVA and related terms used on this page are registered trademarks of the MIVA Corporation.