https://www.drivehq.com/help/Features/Comparisons/comparisons.aspx
Feature Comparison
Price Comparison
Expert Reviews
DriveHQ Plans Comparison
DriveHQ has been a leading enterprise cloud IT service provider since 2003. Our technologies are generations ahead of our competitors.
Choose a long-term service provider that has proven to deliver the best enterprise features.
Cloud Service Features
Drive HQ
Drop box
Carbo- nite
Box
Egnyte
Google Drive
Cloud File Storage, Cloud Drive
Web Browser-based Cloud Storage
Explorer-like File Manager Software
Users need to access and manage cloud files using a program similar to Windows Explorer. Why do they have to sync their cloud storage to all computers? It wastes a lot of disk space on each computer, and it also wastes time and bandwidth. What if you don't have enough free storage space on your computer?
WebDAV Drive Mapping
Accessing cloud storage just like a local drive, it is the most straight-forward way of accessing cloud files. It is easy for anybody in your organization. There is literally no change, it's even easier than Dropbox.
The WebDAV feature seems to be available, but Box's own website says it's not officially supported on PC. So use at your own risk.
Folder Synchronization
Real-Time Folder Sync
One-way Sync (cloud-to-local or local-to-cloud)
Scheduled Sync
Real-time folder sync can be very inefficient if you keep changing a large file, and the file is sync-ed again and again. Many Internet connections (such as ADSL and Cable Modem) have a much slower upload bandwidth than download bandwidth. Sync-ing a large file will slow down your Internet connection significantly. That's why you need scheduled sync. Many users asked for this feature.
Multiple Sync Tasks with Different Schedules
Users may need to sync one folder in real-time, and another folder at night time. If files are being changed frequently, sync-ing in real-time can be very inefficient.
Sync Any Local Folder to Any Cloud Folder
Select any folder on a PC and synchronize it to a folder in the cloud. Why should it be limited to a special folder such as "Dropbox", "Box", "Google Drive" or "Local Cloud"? With DriveHQ FileManager, you can keep using any folder that you have used before.
This feature is more powerful than "Selective Sync" offered by Dropbox. With Selective Sync, you can only select a cloud folder(s),
but you cannot select a local folder.
Synchronize Open Files
If a file is opened by another program for writing, then the file is locked. Directly sync-ing the file will fail or it may corrupt the file. To sync / backup a locked file, it must first create a snapshot of the file using VSS (volume shadow copy) technology.
Without supporting this feature, if you worked on a file at work, and if you forgot to close the file, then the latest version file won't be synchronized to the cloud. You won't be able to work on it from home!
Protection From Accidental Deletion
In general, folder synchronization is not as safe as online backup. If you delete a file from a synchronized folder, then it will delete all copies of the file from any folders synchronized to the folder!
DriveHQ has a mechanism to protect files from being deleted in a sync-ed folder accidentally.
Sync Network Drives / External Drives / Servers
Cross Office Sync, Hybrid Cloud Storage
In one office location, all employees will access files on a local storage server or a NAS device. To sync files across multiple office locations, or to access files remotely, files on the storage server or NAS device must be synchronized with the cloud. Hybrid cloud storage can dramatically reduce the bandwidth requirement. In one office, employees will not notice any differences. The benefit is they can access the same files from multiple office locations. To support this feature, a synchronization service must support syncing storage servers or NAS devices
Max Items That Can Be Sync-ed
Unlimited
Unclear
40,000
According to Box, Box Sync has a techical limit of max 40,000 files and folders. Even worse, the recommended maximum items should be fewer than 10,000! No wonder so many customers are complaining on their support site!
20K / folder
Egnyte limits maximum 20,000 files in a folder, and possibly limits 600 sub-folders in a folder. It also has a max file size of 5GB limit.
Unclear
Exclude Certain Files from Being Sync-ed
Very often you don't need to sync certain file types, e.g. you don't need to sync temp files created by MS Office or other programs, you don't need to sync cache files, and you don't need to sync *.obj files. DriveHQ FileManager allows you to exclude certain files / folders using wild cards such as *.obj, *.bak, ~*.tmp, etc.
Client Software
Folder Sync Software
Explorer-like File Manager Software
Users need to access and manage cloud files using a program similar to Windows Explorer. Why do they have to sync their cloud storage to all computers? It wastes a lot of disk space on each computer, and it also wastes time and bandwidth. What if you don't have enough free storage space on your computer?
Online Backup Software
Online Backup and Folder Sync are very different. Online Backup truly protects your data. A modern backup program should support real-time and scheduled backup. It can run as a service process backing up your computer even if nobody is logged on.
Due to Dropbox's popularity, many users have used folder sync for online backup. However, it is not as safe as online backup, and it lacks the advanced backup features. If you delete a file from a sync-ed folder, it will delete the file in all folders sync-ed to it.
Email Backup Software
DriveHQ has a backup program that is designed to backup Outlook emails. It can backup emails one by one without backing up the entire PST file. This way, it can incrementally backup your emails, and you can drag and drop restore your emails
Mobile App for iPhone and iPad (iOS)
Mobile App for Android
Mobile App for Windows Phone
Metro App for Windows 8
Support 3rd party FTP and WebDAV software
According to Box Support, it supports FTP for Business & Enterprise customers. However, it says it's not recommended and should only be used for
initial bulk uploading and occasional bulk downloading, which means it is not designed to be a real FTP hosting service. Similarly, it seems Box has WebDAV, but Box does not officially
support it on PC, so use at your own risk.
Egnyte's FTP service is designed as an alternative upload/download tool. According to Egnyte's support page, it can be used to upload
up to 100GB of data. It is different from a full-blown FTP hosting service. A true FTP hosting service should be able to handle any amount of data, very high number of concurrent connections,
and host large files for many people to download at the same time. Clearly, Egnyte does not support anonymous FTP so it cannot host large files for many Internet users to download.
Online Backup Files and Emails
Basic Online Backup Features
Multiple Backup Tasks with Different Schedules
Backup Open Files (such as Outlook PST and Quickbooks files)
Backup Outlook Emails Instead of PST Files
Backup Network Drives and USB Drives
Backup Servers with Nobody Logged On
Only the highest level plan (Business Premier Plan) supports Server Backup.
Group Backup with Central Monitoring
Group Backup with Central Management
FTP, Email, Web and File Hosting
FTP Server Hosting (Custom Domain)
According to Box Support, it supports FTP for Business & Enterprise customers. However, it says it's not recommended and should only be used for
initial bulk uploading and occasional bulk downloading, which means it is not designed to be a real FTP hosting service. So use at your own risk.
Egnyte's FTP service is designed as an alternative upload/download tool. According to Egnyte's support page, it can be used to upload
up to 100GB of data. It is different from a full-blown FTP hosting service. A true FTP hosting service should be able to handle any amount of data, very high number of concurrent connections,
and host large files for many people to download at the same time. Clearly, Egnyte does not support anonymous FTP so it cannot host large files for many Internet users to download.
Email Server Hosting (Custom Domain)
Static Web Hosting (Custom Domain)
File Download Hosting, CDN Replacement)
Upload & Download Technologies
Data Compression for Fast Upload & Download
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Upload / Download Task List with Progress Bar
Monitor the list of files being uploaded / downloaded, the transfer speed and the progress info in real-time.
Pause/resume a transfer task, delete files from the transfer task list.
It not only provides more detailed transfer information, but also can be used to manage the transfer tasks.
For example, you can pause uploading a very large file, so that other smaller files can be uploaded faster.
Bandwidth Throttling
If you upload / download very large files, the software may use all your network bandwidth. It could make your Internet
connection much slower. For small offices, one person sync-ing or backing up a large file could affect the Internet speed of everybody in the office.
To avoid it, you can throttle the maximum upload / download speed of the software. DriveHQ FileManager supports this feature.
Unclear
Unclear
Magic Upload & Data De-duplication
If a file has already been uploaded by another user, and if you upload the same file,
the software can detect the same file and skip uploading. It can make upload extremely fast.
Unclear
Unclear
Incremental Upload / Download
Resume Interrupted Uploads / Downloads
If a file is partially uploaded, and your network connection dropped or your computer is rebooted,
can Dropbox resume from where it was interrupted? It seems no.
If a file is partially uploaded, and your network connection dropped or your computer is rebooted,
can Carbonite resume from where it was interrupted? It seems no.
If a file is partially uploaded, and your network connection dropped or your computer is rebooted,
can Box resume from where it was interrupted? It seems no.
If a file is partially uploaded, and your network connection dropped or your computer is rebooted,
can Egnyte resume from where it was interrupted? It seems no.
If a file is partially uploaded, and your network connection dropped or your computer is rebooted,
can Google Drive resume from where it was interrupted? It seems no.
Maximum File Size
Unlimited
Unlimited
Unlimited
250MB-5GB
Very restrictive. According to Box's support page:
Free users: 250MB
Paid Personal: 1GB
Paid Business: 2GB
Paid Enterprise: 5GB.
2.5-10GB
Office Plan: 2.5GB Business Plan: 5GB Enterprise Plan: 10GB
2MB-10GB
Max size for Google App Doc files: 2MB
Google Doc spreadsheet files: 20MB
Google Doc presentation files: 50MB
Other files: 10GB
Data Caching & Offline Access
File Sharing
Share files to non-members
It seems you can share files to non-members? However, the other user must sign up a Dropbox account! Moreover, if you share a large folder to a (free) Dropbox
member, the member must have enough free storage space in his account. Otherwise, he must upgrade his subscription to access the shared folder! Do you really want to push your friends or clients to
order Dropbox subscription?
Egnyte does not offer free service at all. You cannot share files to non-members.
Share files to members
If you share a very large folder to another Dropbox user, and if the user does not have enough free storage space, then he must upgrade his subscription! Do you
really want to push your friends or clients to order Dropbox subscription?
You can not share files to other Egnyte members (except within the same group)
ACL-based File Sharing
Share files to groups and sub-groups
Share files to contact groups
Set Share Expiration Time
Automatic New File Notification
On DriveHQ.com, if a folder is shared to 10 users, and if a user uploads a new file to the shared folder, the system can send a new file notification email to all 10 users.
Publish Files and Folders
Publish Individual Files (Create Static Links)
Publish Folders (incl. All Files in It)
Regular Publish URL
A regular publish URL usually includes the file name in the URL. It is easier for users to understand the content of the link. It is also more convenient for the content publisher as he only needs to publish a folder, then he will have the publish URLs for all files in the folder.
A regular publish URL has two weaknesses:(1) If the file name contains invalid characters for URL, then the publish URL will not work;
(2) A regular URL may include the account username, foldername and filename.
Safe Publish URL
A safe publish URL does not include the account username, foldername and file name. It will work even if the file name contains invalid characters for URL.
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
File Hosting for Large Files or Large Volumes
Most cloud storage services limit the maximum number of downloads for a published file, or it limits the maximum file size. Therefore, they cannot be used for hosting large files or large download volumes.
True Drop Box Folder
Like a real drop box in the post office, it allows anybody to upload files to you securely without the hassle of signup or logon. It is totally different from Dropbox.com service. In fact, Dropbox.com appears to be a misnomer - a more precise name would be "Syncbox".
True Drop Box Folder
Embed a Drop Box Folder in Your Own Web Page
Security and Privacy
Client-side Data Encryption
Encrypt data on your own computer using your own encryption key before transferring the data to the cloud. The cloud server and other users cannot decrypt your files without your encryption key. For ultimate security and privacy, this feature is a must. Server-side encryption is not secure because the cloud server has access to the unencrypted version of your files. It can also decrypt your files on demand.
File Versioning
Recycle Bin Folder
Password Policy
Such as: require strong password; force changing password at next logon; automatically expire a password after certain number of days, etc.
Unclear
IP Address Restriction
Event Log
Costs extra $75/month!
Unclear
Business and Enterprise Management Features
Support Sub-users
Support Sub-group Administrators
On DriveHQ.com, sub-groups can be created for departments and branch offices. A sub-group is a permission group and a management group. The sub-group administrator and create and manage sub-users in his sub-group. A folder can be shared to a sub-group, and then all sub-users in the sub-group can access the shared folder.
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Contact Groups / Mailing List
On DriveHQ.com, a contact group is a list of contacts (i.e. a "folder" in an address book). A contact group is used as a mailing list on DriveHQ email service. It is also used as a permission group in file sharing. If a folder is shared to a contact group, then all users in the contact group can access the shared folder.
Storage and Download Bytes Quota
Unclear
Manage Guest Users for External Clients
A guest user has much lower privilege than a regular sub-user. He cannot see other group members; he cannot access group-shared folders. He can only access the folder(s) shared to him directly.
Batch Import / Export Users
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Batch Provisioning Many Accounts
Batch allocate storage space / download bytes quota; batch set user options, etc.
Active Directory Integration and SSO
Dropbox uses 3rd party solution that is not free.
Box uses 3rd party solution that is not free.
Egnyte uses 3rd party solution that is not free.
Other SSO integration such as integrating with Salesforce, or your company’s web service, etc.
Customization, Branding, Integration and API
Custom Logo and Landing Page Service
Custom domain FTP, Email and Web Hosting service
Only FTP feature, seems it is not designed for FTP hosting.
Only FTP feature, seems it is not designed for FTP hosting.
Only offers email hosting service.
Full website customization and localization (provide website template files for customization and localization.)
Complete White label service
API
DriveHQ has both open standard APIs and proprietary APIs.
Customer Support
Phone Support
We offer better phone support that is based in U.S.; we don't put people on hold for a long time.
Unclear
Unclear
Email Support and Support Forum
Service Demo, Walkthrough and Initial Training
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Remote Desktop Support
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Courier Data Upload
Emergency Data Download / Restore
Service Level Agreement
A written service level agreement that guarantees service up-time with terms on penalties.
HIPAA / Business Associate Agreement
Unclear
Unclear
Unclear
Note: Not all DriveHQ features are available in all service plans.
Please visit DriveHQ Plans Comparison Page for more info.
Even with more features and better services, DriveHQ's price is significantly lower than our competitors. In some cases, the price is dramatically lower!
Please visit the Price Comparison with Other Cloud Services page.
In fact, our price is even lower than AWS, which is often used as the raw infrastructure service or the building block for
other cloud services such as Dropbox! In comparison, DriveHQ has its own data center years before Amazon launched its AWS service, that's why our price can be significantly
lower than Dropbox.
Compare with Amazon Web Service (i.e. AWS: S3 and EC2)
Features
DriveHQ
Amazon
Virtual Machine
Cloud Storage
Ready-to-use Business Cloud Services
Ready-to-use FTP Server
Ready-to-use Email Server
Ready-to-use Static Web Server
Ready-to-use WebDAV Server
Online File and Email Backup Software
Explorer-like File Management Software
Folder Synchronization Software
File Sharing & Collaboration
ACL-based Folder Access Control
Group, Sub-group and Contact Group
Price Comparison
Cost Comparison & Analysis
The price is based on the subscription plan. It bundles storage, bandwidth, server requests and advanced features.
The price is charged separately for raw cloud storage,
raw virtual machine, bandwidth, server requests
Raw Cloud Storage Price
+ Raw bandwidth
+ Raw Request Price
DriveHQ bundles raw storage, bandwidth, requests with advanced features. The prices below do not include the initial charge for plans below 10TB (which is very small when you order plans over 10TB).
AWS can offer potentially more flexible or even more advanced
features, but it requires technical expertise and software development work.
5 TB Storage
+ 2.5 TB/month download bytes
+ x server requests
$416/month (based on annual service)
$715/month + $x/month
10 TB storage
+ 5 TB/month download bytes
+ x server requests
$750/month
$1415/month + $x/month
20 TB Storage
+ 10 TB/month download bytes
+ x server requests
$1332/month
$2895/month + $x/month
50 TB Storage
+ 25 TB/month download bytes
+ x server requests
$2916/month
$6565/month + $x/month
>500 TB
+ 250 TB/month download bytes
+ x server requests
$ 25000/month
$52315/month + $x/month
DriveHQ's subsidiary CameraFTP.com offers a separate service called "Cloud Surveillance". CameraFTP is a leading Cloud Surveillance service provider.
Cloud Surveillance is more secure than regular surveillance services. Your cameras will record data to CameraFTP's Cloud Storage. Intruders cannot destroy your recorded footage even if they steal your cameras.