http://www.sentrymetrics.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Herjavec Group is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who interact with our organization by engaging us for Services or visiting our website (“Users” and “Visitors”).
This Privacy Policy applies to data provided on or through the Herjavec Group website located at www.herjavecgroup.com. This Privacy Policy describes Herjavec Group’s privacy practices in connection with the use of Herjavec Group’s website. It also describes the choices available to you with regard to the use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. The use of information collected shall be limited to the purposes of providing the offerings of Herjavec Group (“Services”) for which the User engaged Herjavec Group and as otherwise described below in more detail in this Privacy Policy.
Things You Should Know
When a Visitor contacts Herjavec Group and/or requests information about Herjavec Group, we may collect the Visitor’s email address and other contact information so that we may fulfill the Visitor’s request. Some information provided to us may individually identify a Visitor or User, and that information may be referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Information.”
Herjavec Group uses information, including Personal Information, as supplied by you to provide the Services and for internal operations purposes such as fulfilling contact requests, research, marketing, invoicing and for other similar internal purposes. Herjavec Group utilizes third party tools such as software, Software-as-a-Service or cloud applications to help facilitate some of these internal operations.
Herjavec Group collects the minimum amount of Personal Information we believe is required to interact with Users, generally limited to contact information without which we would not be able to communicate with you at all and therefore would not be able to effectively deliver our Services. Should you choose to limit the disclosure of this information even further, you are able to call us and inquire about our Services thereby choosing to share whatever level of Personal Information you desire. However, please note that should you engage us for Services, without at least your contact information, we are not able to effectively offer our Services to you. If your desired Services require further Personal Information to what is described in this Privacy Policy, we will not collect such Personal Information until you opt-in via your written consent.
Herjavec Group will share your information, including Personal Information, in order to respond to investigations, court orders, legal process, or to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Please be aware that third party websites that may be accessed through our site may collect your Personal Information. Herjavec Group does not share your Personal Information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. Please check the applicable Privacy Policy of those sites.
All of your Personal Information remains private and confidential. The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
By providing Herjavec Group with your e-mail address you may be subscribed to our newsletter(s) or provided with requested information. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each of these emails, or you can contact us.
To be in compliance with Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation, on an annual basis you will be sent an e-mail where you will be asked if you wish to continue to receive e-mails from Herjavec Group. We will retain your information for as long as you remain on our mailing list. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Herjavec Group uses a technology called “cookies” to store session information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use session ID cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited. You may change your acceptance and revoke cookies at any time. Revoke Cookies
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track Visitors’ and Users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Herjavec Group may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and will notify users of such changes in the way we treat any Personal Information. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Herjavec Group commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and will comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship.
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting the Privacy Officer at PrivacyOfficer@HerjavecGroup.com.
Herjavec Group complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Herjavec Group has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit  https://www.privacyshield.gov/list. As a participant in the Privacy Shield program, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and/or the Department of Transportation.
Where information is transferred to a third-party or another agent, Herjavec Group shall remain liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you believe that we have infringed your rights, we encourage you to contact us so that we can try to address your concerns or dispute informally. Our contact information is:
Herjavec Group Inc.9200 Sunset BlvdSuite 970West Hollywood, California90069
Herjavec Group’s commitment to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks entitles you to lodge a complaint via our Privacy Shield independent dispute resolution mechanism. To send your privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles, please contact the International Centre for Dispute Resolution (ICDR) https://www.icdr.org/. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please contact ICDR-AAA at 1-800-778-7879.
As a last resort and under limited circumstances, EU and EEA individuals with residual privacy complaints may invoke a binding arbitration option before the Privacy Shield Panel.
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement. You can find the relevant supervisory authority name and contact details here.
Our EU Representative for GDPR inquiries is Andy Woolford who may be contacted at EURep@HerjavecGroup.com.
For questions related to this Privacy Policy, contact Charles Karstadt, Chief Privacy Officer at PrivacyOfficer@HerjavecGroup.com.
Connect With Herjavec Group
We’re here to help
Have a question, want to book a meeting or looking for more information?
Connect with an HG Security Specialist.
Contact Us
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience. By pressing Accept you agree to our Terms of Use and confirm that you have read our Privacy Policy, which details our cookie use. You may change your settings at any time and your choices will not impact your visit.AcceptDisable
Revoke Cookies