http://www.ispq.com/privacy.html
Download
Features
Purchase
Support
iSpQ VideoChat Privacy Statement
Effective October 18, 2005
Updated January 19, 2007
Related Topics
End User License Agreement
Community Policies
Protecting your privacy and ensuring a safe online environment is important to nanoCom Corporation, "nanoCom". nanoCom is the developer of iSpQ VideoChat software and operator of the iSpQ VideoChat online service, "iSpQ System". nanoCom is committed to respecting your privacy and right to keep your personal information and communications confidential.
This statement explains our practices for collecting and handling personal information.
If you have questions or comments about this statement please Contact Us or write to: nanoCom Corporation, 2000 Kraft Drive, Suite 2020, Blacksburg, Virginia, 24060.
Information Collection and Use
We will not sell, share, or rent personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. nanoCom classifies all information into two groups: private or public. Private information is not available to other visitors or users of the iSpQ System, but may be used by nanoCom staff or community monitors. Public information is available to all users of the iSpQ System.
The iSpQ System collects and stores the following information on a central server in order to offer you video chat services:
• Account
• Profile
• Software settings
• System and Usage
• E-mail address
The iSpQ system stores or reflects the following information on a temporary basis:
• Messages
• V-Mail
• Live video/audio communication
Account
Your account consists of a unique login name and password. All information and transactions with the iSpQ System are based on the account. This information is private and is not shared with any other users. Given proper identification, the password for the account can be changed. Account information can be viewed from within the iSpQ Software and from the Members area of www.iSpQ.com. You should always keep your account information private and secure your password.
Profile
Your profile information is accessed and modified from within the iSpQ VideoChat software when you are properly logged in with your account. Profile information is optional and is publicly available to all users of the iSpQ System. Profile information is accessed through search and directory listings and may be disabled through the iSpQ VideoChat software.
Software Settings
Every account has specific software settings that are stored on the central server. These settings include font preferences, security settings, home directory, etc. This information is private.
System and Usage
Information that is used to identify your connection, such as IP address, operating system, and machine fingerprint is automatically collected and stored to identify your session and provide online security to the community. Usage information is recorded and utilized for aggregate statistical purposes only in order to improve services.
E-mail Address
Your email address is collected as part of the account process and during software registration. It is used for two purposes: to allow others to search for you and to inform you of important iSpQ system changes. Your address is private and is not made available to any third party or used to send SPAM email. To stop all email communication from nanoCom, visit http://www.iSpQ.com/newsletter/ and select "Unsubscribe".
Messages
Personal messaging in an important component of the iSpQ System. Messages are transmitted in two ways: peer-to-peer and through the iSpQ service. In the case of peer-to-peer, a record of the message is recorded for security purposes, but message content is not conveyed to the iSpQ service. Messages sent through the iSpQ service are not accessible by nanoCom staff, community monitor or otherwise unintended recipient. Messages that are not received by the recipient in 30 days are removed automatically. You will receive automatic system messages with valuable upgrade and product offerings while you use the iSpQ system.
V-Mail
Email with your webcam picture can be sent to any person with a valid email address. The content of these messages are stored by the iSpQ VideoChat service. This information is private. The recipient email address is not shared with any 3rd party. Messages are automatically removed from the system after 30 days.
Live Video/Audio Communication
The iSpQ VideoChat software and service provide high quality live voice and video communication to 2 or more parties. Live communications are sent unencrypted over the public Internet and may be reflected through a third party in order to provide high connectivity and quality. Video and audio communication sessions are not recorded by the iSpQ system and are private.
Order Processing
When licensing the iSpQ Software, you are asked to provide additional information such as your credit card number and physical address. The order processing system uses SSL encryption to protect your information. Your credit card information used during the transaction and not stored by our system or any third party. Third party payment systems are used to process your transaction.
Contact Us
Customer and technical support for the iSpQ software and service is provided through an online support system. You may provide email address and technical information during this process in order to assist in a solution to your issue. You may also be asked to provide additional technical information such as a log file or screen captures. This information will not be shared with any third party.
Newsletter
If you sign up for our monthly newsletter from our website, we will collect your email address for the purposes of sending you a monthly newsletter. We will not share your email address with any third party. To unsubscribe from the newsletter visit http://www.iSpQ.com/newsletter/ and select "Unsubscribe".
Policies and Information Access
Disclosure to Law Enforcement
nanoCom will permit authorized officers of the court access to all available and relevant information to comply with valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order. In addition, nanoCom will authorize officers of the court access to protect nanoCom Corporations rights and property or in special emergencies when we believe physical safety is at risk.
Community Monitors
The iSpQ system utilizes volunteers to maintain a safe online community. iSpQ Community Monitors (ICM) are responsible for ensuring a safe environment by enforcing standard online policies which are posted in our FAQ section. All ICM's must adhere to a code of conduct that protects the rights of all users. Certain private information such as IP address, last login date and system ban status are available to ICM's so that they can perform their duties as a volunteer monitor. ICM's are bound by this privacy statement and respect the individual privacy of all users. If you have an issue with the actions of an ICM, please Contact Us.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Cookies are used on our sites to increase the usability of the site and to track usage trends in order to provide you with a better service.
Aggregated Demographic Data
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers (such as number of hits, unique visitors, number of males and female). This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We may/do partner with other parties to provide specific services. Our servers automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information such as the type of browser, screen resolution and pages viewed when you visit our sites. We use this information to understand the effectiveness of our sites in order to improve their usefulness.
Links and Posted Information
nanoCom web sites and the iSpQ service contains links to other web sites. Be aware that we, nanoCom, are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. Unless produced by nanoCom, information that you access or receive by using the iSpQ System, information sent to you directly by other users, entered or posted by the users is not reviewed, controlled, examined, verified, endorsed or stored by nanoCom.
Commitment to Security
All user information, public and private, is physically and electronically protected by security systems in a secure environment. Encryption algorithms, firewalls, passwords and physical security (intrusion detection systems, cameras, and others) are employed to protect information. All employees, contractors and associates are bound through legal agreements to protect information accessed.
All employees, contractors and associates are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Our staff values your privacy and security and will always guard it to their greatest abilities.
Notification of Changes
nanoCom reserves the right to change this privacy statement when necessary. Changes will be posted to our websites and notification will be made. You consent to the changes made to the privacy policy statement by continuing to use the iSpQ System.
Copyright 1999-2012, nanoCom Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Newsletter
About nanoCom
Legal
Contact
Members
Home
iSpQ - Global video chat and social network