https://www.netcraft.com/terms/
Fair Use: Please note that use of the Netcraft site is
subject to our Fair Use and Copyright policies.
For more information,
please visit https://www.netcraft.com/terms,
or email info@netcraft.com.
Warning! You are using an unsupported browser, which means some features may not work as expected. Netcraft recommends upgrading for a better experience.
Terms and Conditions
When you use Netcraft’s websites, or the Netcraft Anti-Phishing Extension client applications, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms, you may not use this site. These terms may be changed at Netcraft’s discretion by changing them on this site. The current version of these terms will apply whenever you use this site.
All information and content on Netcraft’s websites belongs to Netcraft, except as otherwise noted. Excerpts from Netcraft’s public websites may be reproduced if Netcraft and the url https://www.netcraft.com/ are attributed.
Netcraft, and the Netcraft logo, are trademarks of Netcraft Ltd. You may not use or copy these without Netcraft’s prior written permission (except as noted above).
You accept that you are solely responsible for ensuring that your computer system is compatible with and able to access content on these websites, or that your computer is compatible with any software download made available by Netcraft via its websites.
Netcraft endeavours to make the information accurate to the best of its knowledge at the time of publication, but makes no warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of information posted on or available via its websites.
Types of Use
You are permitted to access Netcraft’s public websites using any web browser or other manually-operated client program for the purpose of viewing particular information on Netcraft’s site.
Any automated program (including, without limitation, spiders and web crawlers) to retrieve information from Netcraft’s public websites (including, but not limited to, “What’s that site running?", Anti-Phishing Extension site ranks or “Site Report"s, and data provided for the use of the Netcraft Anti-Phishing Extension client program)
is only allowed subject to the following restrictions:
It must clearly and uniquely identify itself in the HTTP User-Agent header.
It must either only access our home page https://www.netcraft.com/ and/or the RSS feed on that page; or it must be fully compliant with the Robots Exclusion Protocol.
At Netcraft’s discretion any automated program (or particular network suspected of operating an automated program) may be blocked at any time.
Any use or attempted use of an automated program to access pages that are disallowed by Netcraft’s robots.txt file, or that fails to identify itself as an automated program, is strictly unauthorised and shall be a misuse of our system and this site. If you are unsure whether a given use would be allowed, please contact us.
Netcraft may, at any time and without notice, choose to block your access to its websites, without liability to you or any third party. This is entirely at Netcraft’s discretion in order to protect its intellectual property and to protect its systems from misuse. If you are not operating an automated program and receive a message that your access is blocked, you may contact us at webmaster@netcraft.com and Netcraft may unblock you at its discretion.
Company
Netcraft is company number 02161164 registered in England and Wales, whose registered office is 2 Belmont, Bath, BA1 5DZ, UK.
This website makes use of cookies to improve your experience and supply you with relevant advertising around the web. Read our privacy policy for more information
Reject
Accept