http://www.3mex.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - 3MEX
+44 (0) 20 3008 6550
consulting@3mex.com
Home
About Us
Services & Solutions
Case Studies
Partners
Contact Us
Proven domain expertiseProactive supportRisk-based approachScalable resourceGlobal partner
Proven domain expertiseProactive supportRisk-based approachScalable resourceGlobal partner
Proven domain expertiseProactive supportRisk-based approachScalable resourceGlobal partner
Proven domain expertiseProactive supportRisk-based approachScalable resourceGlobal partner
Privacy Policy
3MEX Limited (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.3mex.com and by providing personal data to us, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act (the Act), the data controller is 3MEX Limited of 148 Leadenhall Street, London, EC3V 4QT.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This may arise from you contacting us on www.3mex.com (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to administer your membership;
for the provision of services requested;
providing always that you have given to us the necessary consent, to provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
providing always that you have given to us the necessary consent, to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about other services we feel may interest you. Where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you decide at any time that you no longer want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please contact us at 3MEX Limited, 148 Leadenhall Street, London, EC3V 4QT or Operations@3mex.com;
to notify you about changes to our service;
in-house research and statistical analysis;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any partner or third party organisations that are directly involved in the engagement and provisioning of services to you.
Provided always that you have provided the necessary consent(s), we may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you; and
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If 3MEX Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers and consultants will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of 3MEX Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be stored at a location within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and will not be transferred outside the EEA unless we have your explicit consent to such transfer and storage. In any event, your data will only ever be transferred to organisations where an approved code of practice in relation to data protection is adopted. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
While we use strong encryption, both when your information is moving to or from our web services and also whilst your information is held by us, unfortunately the transmission of information via the internet can never be completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will always inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at 3MEX Limited, 148 Leadenhall Street, London, EC3V 4QT or Operations@3mex.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
If, at any time, you want to verify, update or amend your personal data or preferences please write to us at 3MEX Limited, 148 Leadenhall Street, London, EC3V 4QT or Operations@3mex.com Verification, updating or amendment of personal data will take place within 28 days of your request.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to The Data Protection Controller, 3MEX Limited, 148 Leadenhall Street, London, EC3V 4QT or Operations@3mex.com .
QUICK LINKS
Home
About 3MEX
Services & Solutions
Case Studies
Partners
Contact
LATEST NEWS
Courtesy: Banking Technology
Global card spend grows 13% in 2019, mostly down to China’s UnionPay10/09/2020Capitec Bank selects HPS PowerCard to power new product launches10/09/2020
OTHER LINKS
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
CONTACT US
+44 (0) 20 3008 6550
consulting@3mex.com
FIND US ON
© 2020
3MEX.
All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more