http://www.spectraqest.com.au/terms_of_use
Quality Engineering Software Tools
Quality Engineering Software Tools
menu
home
How we can Help
Testing and Inspection Consultants
Construction Materials Testing Laboratories
Geotechnical Testing Laboratories
Field Inspection and Testing
Construction Materials Producers
Concrete Producers
Asphalt Producers
Aggregate Producers
Infrastructure Construction
Road Builders
Departments of Transportation
Industry expertise
Contact us today and see how Spectra QEST can deliver a solution for your
business.
Contact us
Products
Products Overview
QESTLab
QESTField
QESTConcrete
Construction Hive
Live Webinar
Contact us to request a live, private webinar. We will personally answer your questions about our company and products.
Contact us
About
About Spectra QEST
Mission and Values
Customers
Careers
News
Anniversary Booklet
Learn more about Spectra QEST's 30 years of history.
View booklet
Contact
Terms of Use
About
Terms of Use
In these terms:
a reference to us, our or we means Spectra QEST Australia Pty Ltd (Australian Company Number 120 735 408), Spectra QEST America Corp and any subsidiary or company related to the same; and
website means all of the pages located on the website you are currently viewing being (as applicable) all of the pages located via www.spectraqest.com and those pages provided by us via the third party website located at spectraqest.atlassian.net.
By accessing our website you agree to accept these terms.
Reliance and Liability
The information on our website is of a general nature only and is not to be relied upon as being complete, accurate, or up to date. You should contact us for full and current information about any of our products or services. You agree that you do not rely on the information on our website in deciding to enter into any contract with us and such information does not form part of any such contract.
The information on our website is subject to change at any time without notice.
We exclude all implied conditions and warranties in respect of our website except to the extent the same cannot be exclude by applicable law.
We exclude liability for all consequential loss you incur from using or relying on our website (including loss of profit or revenue, loss of data and losses relating to security failures, computer viruses or the disclosure of confidential information).
You release us from all claims in respect of your use of our website. Our total liability to you for loss or damage arising from your use of our website is limited to a maximum of ten cents.
Intellectual Property and Privacy
Copyright in the information contained in our website is protected under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) and through international treaties. Copyright is owned by us unless otherwise stated and we reserve all of our rights in our website.
You may download any page for viewing and to produce a hard copy. Except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or any other applicable law no part of our website may be otherwise reproduced, adapted or transmitted without our prior written consent. You must not use any information from our website on another website.
All trade marks on this website belong to their respective owners.
You agree to the terms of our Privacy Statement located on our website.
Australian Law
The information in this website has been prepared in accordance with Australian laws.
Linking
We are not responsible for the content of any third party website accessed from our website. The content of any such third party website is the responsibility of the owner of the same. A link from our website to a third party website is not an endorsement by us of the owner of the third party website, its contents or of the products or services offered on same.
We revoke any implied licence for the owner of any other website to link to our website. The owner of a website who wishes to link to our website site must obtain our prior written consent.
Electronic Messages
We cannot guarantee that any electronic messages (including email) you send to us will be received by us or that the same will be safe from any third party interception. We cannot guarantee any email we send you will be free of computer viruses.
© 2007-
Spectra QEST Australia Pty Ltd (Australian Company Number 120 735 408) and/or related companies.
Copyright ©
Spectra QEST
Terms of Use
Privacy statement
Sitemap
Contact Us
Construction Hive
Linkedin