http://www.resolume.com/company/legal
Copyrights
This website and its content is copyright of Resolume B.V.
© Resolume B.V. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
* You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
* You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Trademarks
All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.
NDI® is a registered trademark of NewTek, Inc.
Return Policy
We will gladly accept returns of any products sold on our website within 30 days of purchase.
There are evaluation versions of our software available via download to anyone interested. This allows all prospective buyers to evaluate the product at their leisure to ensure that the software meets their needs before purchasing.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Resolume B.V. and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Resolume B.V. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Resolume B.V. takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Pictures
By Q-Dance, Eyesupply/250K, Jessica Dreu, KBK Visuals, Epic Visuals. Hardwell & Avicii shows on Ushuaia produced by High Scream. Thanks guys and gal!Is your picture on our website without your credit? Shame on us, please let us know!
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Resolume's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term "Resolume" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Zwaardstraat 16, The Hague, The Netherlands. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
* The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
* Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
* Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
* This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics and videos. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
* Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
* From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
* Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of The Netherlands.
FFmpeg
The Windows versions of Avenue and Arena use code of FFmpeg licensed under the LGPLv2.1 and its source can be downloaded here.