https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130927/17175624683/helping-build-surveillance-state-is-good-business-palantir-gets-196-million-more-funding.shtml
Sign In
Register
Preferences
Techdirt
Techdirt
Greenhouse
Tech & COVID
Free Speech
Deals
Jobs
Support Techdirt
Funniest/Most Insightful Comments Of The Week At Techdirt
NSA Has Built Its Own, Secret, Warrantless, Shadow Social Network, And You've Already Joined It
Helping Build The Surveillance State Is Good Business: Palantir Gets $196 Million More In Funding
Venture Capital
from the money-money-money deptMon, Sep 30th 2013 3:43am —
Mike Masnick
Palantir is definitely a fairly well-known (if somewhat secretive) company in Silicon Valley. While Silicon Valley firms actually tend to have a reputation for being skeptical of partnering up with the intelligence community, Palantir has always focused on trying to work directly with the intelligence community, quite successfully. Palantir got a bit of notoriety a couple years ago, when it was revealed to be associated with HBGary Federal when Anonymous leaked plans to try to discredit Wikileaks and various critics (including Glenn Greenwald) in a pitch to Bank of America and the US Chamber of Commerce. However, with the latest stories about NSA surveillance, and questions concerning the involvement of Silicon Valley, more and more attention has been paid to Palantir. Andy Greenberg and Ryan Mac did a profile in Forbes of the "deviant philosopher" who built the company. And the Telegraph recently called it the creepiest startup ever.
Apparently all the revelations concerning the surveillance state haven't been bad for business either. Reports are that the company has recently closed on a little under $200 million from investors, bringing its total raised to around $500 million. Supposedly the latest valuation has the company around $8 billion -- which would mean that the $200 million only bought around 2.5% of the company.
Obviously, there's money in feeding the surveillance state. In fact, we've argued that so much of the hype around "cybersecurity" has really been about efforts to drum up more business for contractors, including Palantir. It's just a shame that all these revelations don't seem to have dampened the interest in building the surveillance state. Apparently the 4th Amendment doesn't mean too much when all that money is on the table.
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post. With so many things competing for everyone’s attention these days, we really appreciate you giving us your time. We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community.
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets. We do not have a giant corporation behind us, and we rely heavily on our community to support us, in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small, independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis.
While other websites have resorted to paywalls, registration requirements, and increasingly annoying/intrusive advertising, we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone. But in order to continue doing so, we need your support. We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us, from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps. Thank you.
–The Techdirt Team
Filed Under: nsa, nsa surveillance, surveillance state, venture capitalCompanies: palantir
17 Comments | Leave a Comment
If you liked this post, you may also be interested in...
Patriot Act Used By The FBI To Collect Internet Browsing Data, Contradicting Claims Made To Oversight
Government Argues In Court That It Can Kill US Citizens At Will With Zero Judicial Oversight
Senator Wyden Wants To Know If The NSA Is Still Demanding Tech Companies Build Backdoors Into Their Products
Palantir Presentations Show How The LAPD Is Able To Turn Tons Of Garbage Data Into Ineffective Policing
ICE Is Hauling In More Data Than Ever And Palantir Is Helping It Turn Data Into Detainments
Reader Comments
Subscribe: RSS
View by: Time | Thread
That Anonymous Coward (profile), 30 Sep 2013 @ 3:49am
Huh...
Wasn't Palantir unable to discover who people actually were?
Didn't it make connections that didn't actually exist because the person behind it was working on his own flawed premise?[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
beech, 30 Sep 2013 @ 4:10am
Response to: That Anonymous Coward on Sep 30th, 2013 @ 3:49amDuh. That's why they need more money! If at first you don't succeed in a government contract, spend more money.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 5:34am
Re:So what you're saying is that using that software could end up killing innocent people with drone attacks?
US gov: ...ok. What seems to be the problem again?![ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 4:10am
These companies probably will do pretty well since they will not do business only with the government but also with other companies.
Microsoft stopped using their piracy tracking company they used because it was so bad at what they did.
There are uses for this type of tech and it will get developed, the tools will get created, how they are used though is anyones guess.
Any hacker knows this by instinct that they need good int/inf/data on targets, they develop the tools and others improve upon them.
Some new this day was coming, the day that governments would realize how much data is out here to be analyzed and how much knowledge and insight one may gain by tapping that stream.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 8:28am
Re:There is no reason to stop the development. As long as the results are accessible for people to protect against it is not a problem. The problem is only if the secrecy of NSA covers up too many traces in legally dubious territory so as to stop countermeasures from being developed...
Actually this story is a bit thin on facts and lacks a bit in angle. It seems build up just to throw out a political statement:
"It's just a shame that all these revelations don't seem to have dampened the interest in building the surveillance state."
It might have been better to speculate a bit more about what the company could be doing or focused more on statements/lobbying ties to give the article a little dept.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Ninja (profile), 30 Sep 2013 @ 4:35am
Apparently the 4th Amendment doesn't mean too much when all that money is on the table.
For a portion of humanity nothing means much when a lot of money is on the table. Not Human Rights, not Religious valors, not ethics, nothing. They are that despicable.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
That One Guy (profile), 30 Sep 2013 @ 4:40am
Re:And for those few of that lot worried about running afoul of the law, the government has several incentives to offer, things such as 'retroactive immunity' and 'selective enforcement', where the companies either have their actions legalized after the fact, or are simply assured that they won't be prosecuted no matter what comes to light.
Amazing what can get done when both the private sector and the government come together to screw the public over.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
That Anonymous Coward (profile), 30 Sep 2013 @ 4:47am
Re: Re:Well hopefully they are as inept as their parent company was and someone will leak all of the dirty secrets they hold to make those in power be more compliant.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Spaceman Spiff (profile), 30 Sep 2013 @ 4:55am
No sh!t Sherlock!Our tax dollars "at work"... :-([ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Brazilian Guy, 30 Sep 2013 @ 5:57am
I sense a disturbance in the Force, as if 8 Billions U.S. dollars worth of privacy expectations cried out in terror and were suddenly violated.
Palantir, Gotham and Metropolis. The Evil Nerd Power Rises.
(The fact that they still didn't mess with either Marvel or Star Wars franchises in naming is evidence to me that probably even the Military Industrial Complex is afraid of those particular brand of lawyers).[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Pragmatic, 30 Sep 2013 @ 6:17am
Re:At last, someone noticed the nerd value in the names. Why hasn't the Tolkien estate come down like a ton of bricks over the name "Palantir?" They were chasing scientists last year over the use of the word "Hobbits," even though that word wasn't invented by Tolkien.
http://www.techdirt.com/articles/20121026/09562920855/scientist-refused-permission-to-ca ll-hominids-hobbits-even-though-word-first-used-print-1895-not-tolkien.shtml
While I generally don't approve of such things, if it's going to be legal to shake companies down over copyright or trademarks, let it be this one.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 6:47am
Re: Re:Even the MAFIAA is not that stupid, not yet at least.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
ShellMG (profile), 30 Sep 2013 @ 3:13pm
Re:They must be using the Palantir that belonged to Sauron.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 9:56am
Remember, we are in dire straits with government funding. So much so that we need to cut back on SNAP and Social Security.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 10:05am
and people wonder why these companies pump thousands in the form of back handers to politicians?[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 30 Sep 2013 @ 10:09am
Waste of everyone's money. Nothing like someone taking your money, then building a using that money to build spy programs to use against the very people who fund these unconstitutional spy programs.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Torg (profile), 1 Oct 2013 @ 2:50pm
I'm calling bullshit. Palantir is too perfect a name for an evil surveillance corporation. The only logical explanation is that we're all characters in a comic or a video game or something.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Add Your Comment
Close
Add A Reply
Have a Techdirt Account? Sign in now. Want one? Register here
Subscribe to the Techdirt Daily newsletter
this is for spambots, do not use this
Comment Options:
Use markdown.
Use plain text.
Remember name/email/url (set a cookie)
Funniest/Most Insightful Comments Of The Week At Techdirt
NSA Has Built Its Own, Secret, Warrantless, Shadow Social Network, And You've Already Joined It
Follow Techdirt
Techdirt Daily Newsletter
Insider Shop - Show Your Support!
Essential Reading
New To Techdirt?
Explore some core concepts:
Saying You Can't Compete With Free Is Saying You Can't Compete Period
An Economic Explanation For Why DRM Cannot Open Up New Business Model Opportunities
The Future Of Music Business Models (And Those Who Are Already There)
read all »
Trending Posts
TSA Oversight Says Agency's Suspicionless Surveillance Program Is Worthless And The TSA Can't Prove It Isn't
Tillis Release Details Of His Felony Streaming Bill; A Weird Gift To Hollywood At The Expense Of Taxpayers
Florida State Police Raid Home Of COVID Whistleblower, Point Guns At Her & Her Family, Seize All Her Computer Equipment
Techdirt Insider Chat
Join the Insider Chat
Recent Stories
Thursday19:52
Nintendo Hates You: DMCA Takedowns Of Game Music Continue While Nintendo Offers No Legit Way To Listen (3)15:35
Tillis Release Details Of His Felony Streaming Bill; A Weird Gift To Hollywood At The Expense Of Taxpayers (25)13:48
As A Parting Shot, Tulsi Gabbard Teams Up With Paul Gosar To Introduce Yet Another Unconstitutional Attack On Section 230 (51)12:23
AZ GOP Goes Full Bullshit: Claims It took Down Violence-Inciting Tweet Over Copyright Concerns (28)10:50
New Report Shows Cellphone Encryption Isn't Really Stopping Cops From Searching Phones (8)10:47
Daily Deal: The Complete Web Developer Coding Bundle (0)09:37
Not This Again: Senator Tillis Tries To Slide Dangerous Felony Streaming Bill Into Must Pass Government Funding Bill (28)06:17
Stupid Cable TV Retrans Feuds And Blackouts Make Their Way To Streaming TV (13)03:14
TSA Oversight Says Agency's Suspicionless Surveillance Program Is Worthless And The TSA Can't Prove It Isn't (8)Wednesday19:55
Nintendo Plays 'Control Inception', Cancelling Splatoon Broadcast After Teams Protest Canceling Smash Bros. Tourney (18)
More
Tools & Services
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
Podcast
Research & Reports
Company
About Us
Advertising Policies
Privacy
Contact
Help & Feedback
Media Kit
Sponsor/Advertise
Submit a Story
More
Copia Institute
Insider Shop
Support Techdirt
Brought to you by Floor64
CA Advertising Privacy Preferences
This site, like most other sites on the web, uses cookies. For more information, see our privacy policy.
Got it
Close
Email This
This feature is only available to registered users. Register or sign in to use it.