http://www.bio-comp.com/content/company/privacy.html
CALL: 1-503-444-3434
Toggle Navigation
HOME
MARKETS
HealthCare
Manufacturing (IntelliDynamics...)
Oil and Gas (IntelliDynamics...)
Utilities (IntelliDynamics...)
Finance
Marketing
PRODUCTS
Predictive Analytics
NeuroGenetic Optimizer
Financial Analytics
BioComp Dakota
BioComp Profiit
BioComp Patterns
Analytical Cloud
System Seeker
Industrial Systems (IntelliDynamics...)
SERVICES
TECHNOLOGIES
Machine Learning
Genetic Algorithms
NeuroGenetics
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
Home
Company
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
BioComp will only collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, title, company name, address, telephone number and/or email address that you voluntarily provide through our website, email correspondence or through associated websites. We may collect general information as well, including your browser type, IP address, files you request, domain name and country, use Google Analytics or other similar services, so that we may improve our website and better meet your needs. Your personally identifiable information is kept strictly confidential and is used to respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information on our products and services, track orders and/or provide technical support. This information is given to no other party except where required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations. If you have submitted personal information to us electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us at info@biocompsystems.com. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
We Encourage Communication Between Our Customers
If someone requests us to provide them with your email address, with the requestor's permission we will reverse the request and send you the requester's email and offer you the choice, without any obligation, to respond.
This usually involves two good customers wanting to get together to discuss tips and techniques to their mutual advantage.
Discussion Groups
Any information you post in our private discussion groups and forums, personally identifiable or otherwise, is visible to the other participants of those groups and may be to the public as well. Additional terms and conditions apply to the use of those discussion groups / forums and can be found there.
This Site Links to Other Sites
Our on-line order processing uses an external supplier of such services and any information you provide them, including name, credit card information, phone numbers and the like, falls under their policies.This policy is subject to change at any time without notice.
If you would like to contact us to discuss this policy, please send an email to info@biocompsystems.com.Thank you.