http://www.vmug.com/about-vmug/vmug-policies
Skip to main content (Press Enter).
LOGIN
Skip auxiliary navigation (Press Enter).
Communities SiteFind EventsUpgrade to AdvantageMy VMUG Account
Skip main navigation (Press Enter).
Toggle navigation
Content types
AnnouncementsBlogsCommunitiesDiscussionsEventsGlossarySite ContentLibraries
Date range
on this day
between these dates
Posted by
Membership Membership BenefitsVMUG General MembershipVMUG Advantage MembershipEvents All EventsLocal MeetingsVMUG UserConsMeet the ExpertsVMUG Virtual EventsEducation Webcasts NSX EMEA WebcastsvSphere 7 Webcast SeriesEducation ResourcesVMUG TelecomVMware On-Demand TrainingGet Involved Benefits of VMUG CommunitiesVMUG Mentorship ProgramBecome a LeaderCall for ContentJob BoardVMUG All Star ProgramSponsorships Sponsorship OpportunitiesLocal Groups SponsorshipVMUG CollectiveAbout VMUG COVID-19 UpdateWhat is VMUG?In the PressVMUG VoiceVMUG Board of DirectorsVMUG TeamVMUG Policies
VMUG Policies
Thank you for being a part of the VMware User Group (VMUG) Community. To ensure the best possible experience for all members, we have established some basic guidelines for participation. By joining and using this community, you agree that you have read and will follow these rules and guidelines. You also agree to reserve discussions, shared files, and content to that best suited to the medium. This is a great medium to solicit advice of your peers, benefit from their experience, and participate in an ongoing conversation.
Please take a moment to acquaint yourself with these important guidelines. If you have questions, contact us at memberservices@vmug.com. To preserve an environment that encourages both civil and fruitful dialogue, VMUG reserves the right to suspend or terminate membership in this community for anyone who violates these rule.
VMUG Privacy Statement
The VMware User Group (VMUG) understands your need for security and privacy. To that end, the following document describes how we control your private information. In our privacy statement we will outline:
What personally identifiable information VMUG collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.
What organization collects the information.
How VMUG uses the information.
With whom VMUG may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under third party vendor’s control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Please read the following document carefully, and if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact memberservices@vmug.com.
Information Collection
The VMUG collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration In order to access all offerings through the Web site, a user must first complete a profile to register. During registration, a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which the user has expressed interest or based on the user profile. It is optional for the user to provide some profile information, but it is encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience to our members.
User and Group Information Other members of the VMUG may view information you provide about yourself and your organization through Higher Logic, the VMUG community platform. This information includes such items as Name, Title, and other information you provide. At any time you may adjust your privacy settings or opt-out of allowing other users to view this information through community.vmug.com. Updating your privacy information here will adjust your profile visibility to others, but your main profile data will remain visible internally within the VMUG. If you wish to update your main profile or your communication settings, visit  community.vmug.com, navigate to your profile, and click the pencil icon under “Contact Details.”
Partners Partners are members of the VMUG community and may view user profiles at community.vmug.com at any time.
Online Community During your use of this Web site, you may wish to participate in our Online Community Platform managed by Higher Logic at community.vmug.com. By joining and using this online community, you agree to the VMUG Community Rules and Etiquette below. Any information you provide within this area may be viewed by other members of the VMUG community. It is encouraged that you never provide any sensitive or private information in this area. When these items are displayed for others to see, VMUG website will display your name and your message.
Library During your use of this Web site, you may wish to participate in our Library by downloading or providing files for other users. Any information you provide within this area may be viewed by other members of the VMUG. It is encouraged that you never provide any sensitive or private information in this area.
Events During your use of this Web site, you may wish to register for events. When registering for webcasts, virtual, and one-day events, you have the option to share or not share your contact information with partners. When registering for local meetings, your contact information is not shared with partners unless you choose to do so in person at the meeting.
Photography The VMUG reserves the right to use any photograph/video taken at any event sponsored by the VMUG, without the expressed written permission of those included within the photograph/video. VMUG may use the photograph/video in publications or other media material produced, used, or contracted by VMUG including and not limited to: brochures, invitations, social media, and websites. To ensure the privacy of individuals and children, images will not be identified using full names or personal identifying information without written approval from the photographed subject, parent, or legal guardian.
Information Use
Profile We store information that we collect through cookies and log files and users to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's experience with VMUG. Your profile will only be shared as part of an aggregate form with no personal or identifiable information.
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use cookies for advertising, social media, and analytics purposes.
Log Files Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information, and are never given to third parties. Aggregate information may be used by the VMUG in order to provide partners with more detailed information on our member's usage, and for the VMUG to enhance our services.
Communications from the Site
Partner Mailings Partners may request us to send occasional emails to our membership. You as a user have a right to opt-out of receiving these emails and may do so by updating your profile online. By selecting 'Prevent vendors from sending email to you' will stop any further mailings. Alternately, you may send an email to memberservices@vmug.com and a support representative will handle your request promptly.
Emails We send all new members a welcoming email and established members will receive information from the VMUG. If you wish to update your communication settings, visit  community.vmug.com and click the pencil icon under “Contact Details.” You may also email memberservices@vmug.com for assistance updating your communication settings.
Customer Service We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account, we reply via email or phone, in accordance with information the user provides.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable) We share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Intermediaries We use an outside shipping company to ship orders. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, the VMUG, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line. Should you ever need to provide sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just "surfing".  While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment. If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to memberservices@vmug.com.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by editing your profile online at community.vmug.com by clicking the pencil icon under “Contact Details.” You may also email memberservices@vmug.com for assistance.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice, we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Email: memberservices@vmug.com
Community Rules and Etiquette Guidelines
The Rules
Respect others. Focus on the content of posts and not on the people making them. Please extend the benefit of the doubt to newer guests and members.
Respect the purpose of the community. Use the community to share successes, challenges, constructive feedback, questions, and goals instead of products or services that you provide. If you’ve found a product or service helpful, please share your experience with the group in a respectful way.
The community is not a place fo solicitation or sales activity of any kind.
Use caution when discussion products. Information posted on the discussion groups and in the libraries is available for all to see, and comments are subject to libel, slander, and antitrust laws.
All defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials are strictly prohibited. Do not post anything that you would not want the world to see or that you would not want anyone to know came from you.
Respect intellectual property. Post content that you have personally created or have permission to use and have properly attributed to the content creator.
When posting items in our collaborative environment, please indicate if the item is not amiable for reuse. It’s also advisable to contact the owner of any material if you would like to reuse it.
Discussion Group Etiquette
State concisely and clearly the topic of your comments in the subject line. This allows members to respond more appropriately to your posting and makes it easier for members to search the archives by subject.
Send messages such as “thanks for the information” and “me, too” to individuals, not the entire list. Do this by using the “Reply to Sender” link in every message.
Please do not send messages, such as “remove me for the list,” to the group. Instead, use the web interface to change our settings or to remove yourself from a list. If you are changing email address, you do not need to remove yourself from the list and rejoin under your new email address. Simply change your settings or contact memberservices@vmug.com.
MembershipMembership BenefitsVMUG General MembershipVMUG Advantage MembershipEventsAll EventsLocal MeetingsVMUG UserConsMeet the ExpertsVMUG Virtual EventsEducationWebcastsEducation ResourcesVMUG TelecomVMware On-Demand TrainingGet InvolvedBenefits of VMUG CommunitiesVMUG Mentorship ProgramBecome a LeaderCall for ContentJob BoardVMUG All Star ProgramSponsorshipsSponsorship OpportunitiesLocal Groups SponsorshipVMUG CollectiveAbout VMUGCOVID-19 UpdateWhat is VMUG?In the PressVMUG VoiceVMUG Board of DirectorsVMUG TeamVMUG Policies
Copyright 2020 VMUG. All rights reserved.
VMUG Office113 Seaboard Lane, Suite C-250, Franklin, TN 37067 info@vmug.com  +1 312-321-6886Copyright 2019 VMUG. All rights reserved.
Site Designed by Brightfind and Powered by Higher Logic.
Powered by Higher Logic