http://www.iomarthosting.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. Using this website indicates that you accept these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this website.
Please check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. Using this Site following the posting of changes indicates that you accept them as changed.
A. General Use Restrictions
All information, documents, products, software, services and other materials (the “Materials”) provided on this Site are the property and copyrighted work of iomart Group plc. Except as explicitly stated on the web site or as described in these legal terms, none of the Materials may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, distributed, republished, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the prior express written permission of iomart Group plc. No part of this Site, including but not limited to any logo, graphic, sound or image, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of iomart Group plc.
iomart Group plc grants you permission to display, copy, distribute and download iomart’s Materials provided that: (1) both the iomart Group plc copyright notice – © CURRENT YEAR iomart Group plc – and the permission notice appear – “Used by permission of iomart Group plc” – in such Materials, and no modifications of any such Materials are made. If you breach any of these provisions, this permission terminates automatically without notice, and you must immediately destroy any Materials in your possession or control.
Any unauthorised use of any Materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
B. Links to Other Materials
This Site provides links to other iomart Group plc web sites and to third party sites. The linked third party sites are not under the control of iomart Group plc, and iomart Group plc is not responsible for their content. If you decide to access any such third party site, you do so at your own risk.
C. Disclaimer
All information or advice provided as part of this web site is intended to be general in nature and you should not rely on it in connection with the making of any decision. iomart Group plc tries to ensure that all information provided as part of this web site is correct at the time of inclusion on the web site but does not guarantee the accuracy of such information. iomart Group plc is not liable for any action you may take as a result of relying on such information or advice or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of you taking this action. Further, iomart Group plc does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any of the Materials. All prices quoted on this website are indicative, subject to change and, where applicable, dependent on volume/quantity. Additional costs such as set up fees, account management etc are not included. The Materials and related graphics published on the website may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. iomart Group plc may change any of the Materials at any time without notice.
D. Trade Marks
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and other indications of origin displayed in this website (“Trademarks”) are owned by iomart Group plc or a third party who has granted iomart Group plc a right to use them in this website. Nothing contained herein should be construed as granting the browser or user of this website the right to use any Trademark displayed in this site without the written permission of the owner of the Trademark.
E. Use and Access Restrictions
This Site is owned and operated in the United Kingdom by iomart Group plc. If you choose to access this Site from outside of the United Kingdom, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with local laws.
F. Limitation of Liability
In no event will iomart Group plc, its suppliers, or third parties mentioned on this site be liable for any special, indirect or consequential or any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any web sites linked to this site, or the materials or information contained at any or all such sites, or in connection with the use or performance of software or of failure to provide services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, negligence or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages.
G. Complaints Procedure
If you have a complaint or query concerning this web site, please contact: info@iomart.com
H. Jurisdiction
Any dispute relating to this website in any manner shall be governed in accordance with the laws of Scotland.
I. Ownership
This web site is owned, managed and operated by:
iomart Group plc
Lister Pavilion
Kelvin Campus
West of Scotland Science Park
Glasgow
G20 0SP
United Kingdom
Telephone: 44 (0) 141 931 6400
We've updated our privacy policy in line with data protection requirements. Please go here to see the full policy
Ok