https://www.symplr.com/privacy-policy
Vendor Credentialing & Visitor Management
ProviderManagement
CVO Services
Compliance, Quality, & Safety
Compliance
Quality
Patient Safety
Workforce Management
Outcomes
Solutions & Services
Contact
Log In
Vendor & General Credentialing
Cactus Customer Portal
Cactus Quality Review
Exclusion Screening
symplr Provider Management
Payor Enrollment Services
IntelliSoft Customer Portal
Visitor Management
Workforce Management
Get Started
Request a Demo
Vendor Registration
symplr Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (as amended from time to time, this “Privacy Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for the website under the  www.symplr.com domain name (including all subpages thereto, the “Website”) and all services provided by Vendor Credentialing Service LLC d/b/a symplr (“symplr”), the owner of the Website. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Website and all users of the online services provided by symplr and the Website (the “Services”), including visitors to the Website (“Visitors”) and registered users of the Website and Services (“Registered Users” and together with Visitors, “Users”), whether used for a fee or for free, and governs the collection, processing, storage, transmission and use of information provided by Users in connection with use of the Website and the Services. This Privacy Policy has been created to demonstrate and inform you that symplr takes seriously its commitment to protect the private information of Users. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Website and the Services and not to information collected offline or through any other third party websites that may linked to the Website. The use of the Website and the Services is further governed by the additional Terms of Use, as posted from time to time by symplr on the Website (the “Terms of Use”). PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE BEFORE YOU CONTINUE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT CONTINUE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES. SYMPLR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO UNILATERALLY MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, AND ALL SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE UPON BEING POSTED ON THE WEBSITE. CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES AFTER MODIFICATIONS ARE POSTED ON THE WEBSITE IS DEEMED TO BE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Use of certain portions of this Website and certain Services require a User to register and establish an account with symplr thereby becoming a Registered User. Once you become a Registered User, you will receive login credentials (i.e. User ID and password) to access certain portions and features of the Website and certain Services. symplr reserves the right to modify the Website and the Services from time to time. By continuing to use the Website and/or any Services, you are acknowledging and accepting this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use and you consent to the collection, processing, storage, transmission and use of your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT CONITUNE TO USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF THE SERVICES.
I. Collection and Use of Personal Information.
a. Personal Information. Visitors of the Website are not required to disclose any personal information in order to visit the Website. When a User becomes a Registered User and creates an account, symplr may collect a variety of personal information, including name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information. During the course of providing Service to a Registered User or updating a Registered User's profile, symplr may collect additional personal information, including, but not limited to, job title, job description, professional qualifications, educational history, vaccination records, medical history and user comments, in order to allow healthcare providers and other customers of symplr’s credentialing services to locate, credential, communicate with, and authenticate Registered Users.
b. Associated Facilities. symplr’s Services involve collecting information provided to symplr by Users directly (whether business, medical or personal information) (“Information”) and sharing such Information to those customers of symplr that subscribe to its Services (“Associated Facilities”), including, but not limited to, vendor credentialing services, provider credentialing services and payor enrollment services. In addition to using your Information in connection with the provision of Services to Associated Facilities, we may also use your Information, from time to time, to help symplr develop, deliver, and improve its products, services, content and advertising. From time to time, we may use your Information to send important notices, such as:
communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
Communications from Associated Facilities in your geographic territory or from Associated Facilities that you have previously visited; and
Communications from symplr to you regarding the issuance, renewal and expiration of your credentials, new Associated Facilities added to or included within the symplr network of customers, and new product features.
c. Consequences of Denying or Withdrawing Consent. Failure to consent to the symplr Privacy Policy will prohibit you from using certain areas of the Website and the Services. Failure to provide complete and accurate personal information, as request, may limit your access to certain Services provided by symplr and made available to you through the Website.
II. Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information. symplr also collects non-personal information. Non-personal data is data that is in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
- We may collect information such as occupation, language, and zip code of Users (without associating such information with a particular User) so that we can better understand Users’ behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
- The Website uses an extended log file format which captures: date and time of visit, referring address (location from which a visitor comes to Website), type of Internet browser, and visitor's IP address and DNS name. Each computer that connects to the Internet is assigned a unique number, an IP address, for identification purposes. The log file does not capture a visitor's email address, or any other personal information or financial information.
- We may also collect information regarding User activities on our website.
When Non-Personal Information becomes Personal Information. If we combine non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined and will be subject to the use policies listed above in “Collection and Use of Personal Information.”
Cookies and Other Technologies.
- Use of Cookies. As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, symplr uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. All instances within the Website where you are prompted to use your login or that are customizable, require that you accept cookies. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service.
- Removal of Cookies. Cookies can be removed from your computer's hard drive, and depending on what type of web browser and what browser version you are using, you may be able to change the properties on your cookie file so that cookies are not used or saved. Please check with your browser provider for more information related to removing cookies.
Disclosure to Third Parties. symplr may share your Information with its Associated Facilities as described in this Privacy Policy. symplr may share your Information with third parties performing services such as data hosting/facility management, background checking or any credentialing verification services and any other services requested by the Associated Facilities. symplr will notify all third parties with whom it shares your Information about the terms of this Privacy Policy, including, all Associated Facilities.
Retention and Disposal of Personal Information. symplr will retain your Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The disposal of symplr devices or media will be in accordance with symplr’s information technology policies. Any third party accessing or using devices or media containing symplr information must provide reasonable assurance of compliance with symplr IT Policy.
Access to and Accuracy of Information. You can help ensure that your information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by logging in to your Account (as defined in the Terms and Use). For other information, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access so you can request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if symplr is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy.
- Protection of Personal Information. symplr takes commercially reasonable precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. symplr uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all webpages where personal information is collected. You are required to use an SSL-enabled browser such as Safari, Firefox, Chrome or Internet Explorer in order to avail yourself of the SSL security used by symplr – doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
- Policy Enforcement. symplr regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate this Privacy Policy and our security guidelines to symplr employees and strictly enforce privacy standards within the company.
VIII. Inquiries and Complaints; Opt-Out.
a. Inquiries regarding Privacy. Please feel free to direct any questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or symplr's treatment of your Information by contacting us by email at privacy@symplr.com or by writing us at the address provided below. When we receive a formal written complaint at this address, it is symplr's policy to contact the complaining party regarding his or her concerns – as such, please include your contact information with any such question, concern or complaint. All complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or our treatment of your Information (including protected health information) will be investigated in a timely manner and where commercially practicable, mitigated promptly.
b. Opt-Out. If you decide that you do not wish to receive communications from us, you can opt-out of such communications by contacting us in writing at privacy@symplr.com or at the address provided below and indicating that you no longer want to receive information relating to this Website or the Services.
Effective: March 01, 2016Vendor Credentialing Service LLC d/b/a symplr Attn: Privacy Policy Manager315 Capitol Street, Suite 100Houston, TX 77002
Solutions
Who We Are
Management Team
Careers
News
Events
Our Clients
Case Studies
Testimonials
Partners
Get Credentialed
Resource Library
Our Blog
Case Studies
Webcasts
White Papers
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
Join the Symplr Mailing List
©
symplr. All rights reserved
hello@symplr.com
866-373-9725