http://www.tcstirepower.com/privacy-policy
Request a Demo
Request a Demo
Software
Overview
Tire Retailer Software | TirePower
Tire Wholesaler Software | ePower
Business Management Software | TireWorks HD
Websites
Overview
Retail WebSites | WebPower
Wholesale Websites | ePower
Facebook Applications | Widgets
Marketing
Overview
Search Engine Optimization
Web Directory Management
Social Media
Paid Search
Data
Overview
TCS Direct Connection
Tire & Wheel Data
Data Intelligence
About Us
History
Why TCS
Testimonials
Partners
News
Careers
Site Feedback
Client Login
TCS Email Account Login
Contact
888-449-8473
888-449-8473
888-449-8473
Technology Done the Right Way
Software, Websites, and Marketing for Tire and Auto Repair Shops
Call 888-449-8473 and get started today!
See our plan to grow your business... In Action!
Request a Demo!
Privacy Policy
We are serious about protecting our customers' personal information. You can always browse our site without providing any personal information. Please read this privacy policy carefully.IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
While doing business with you, we may have to gather certain information, such as your name, home address, vehicle and email address. We will not sell, rent, trade or give away individual, personally identifiable information entered on this site to any third party. We collect such information so that we can provide quotes, process orders, personalize your shopping experience, or send you the latest product and other useful material. If you do not wish to receive further material from us, you can simply respond to our email or otherwise tell us that you do not want to receive future communications.
Online Orders
We also collect credit card information from you to process purchases from the site. Reputable third-party financial institutions handle our credit card transactions.
Whenever you transmit credit card information and other personal information through our site, the numbers and letters are scrambled using encryption technology, making it nearly impossible for the information to be stolen or intercepted. To protect your security, we do not allow you to store your credit card number from session to session.
SSL Secured
Our website is SSL Secured. Secured sites must employ encrypted data transmission and a secure online payment infrastructure. The SSL Secured seal indicates that we have chosen the very best SSL and/or payment processing solution to help protect credit card and other confidential information and ensures that all online transactions are protected. The SSL Secured seal also validates a website owner's identity and via their official records confirms us as a valid business.
Cookies
We, like most Web sites, use a feature of your browser to set a "cookie" on your computer. We cannot tell your name or any personal information about you based solely on the cookie. Unless you specifically tell us your name and other identifying information, we will never know who you are. All the cookie tells us is what functions you perform when you are on the site so that we can keep track of your transaction. A cookie also helps us note particular traffic patterns on the site so that we can improve what we offer.
Every browser allows you to reject cookies or to choose which cookies you will accept. Rejecting cookies, however, may sometimes interfere with your ability to use all the features and benefits of our site.
Third Parties
On occasion, we provide non-personal, aggregate information about our users to third parties such as manufacturers and business partners. For example, we may inform a tire manufacturer about what other products our users buy. This information will not identify any user personally.
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share the names, or other contact information
Outside Links
We may offer links to other sites. Any time you click on a link and are transported to another site, you should be aware that the other site may have a different privacy policy than we have. We cannot control the policies of other sites.
Changes
This privacy policy is subject to change at our sole discretion. When we modify it, we will post the changes in a revised policy statement.
How Are We Doing?
We value your business and want to deserve your trust. If you have comments, questions or suggestions, please contact us.
About TCS Technologies
TCS, an ARI company, develops and supports an innovative suite of point of sale and business management software, eCommerce websites, digital marketing services and data-as-a-service products designed exclusively for dealers, wholesalers, retreaders and manufacturers within the automotive repair, tire and wheel verticals. TCS is the industry's only complete technology provider, and our platform outperforms the competition through its seamless integration and superior functionality. For more than 20 years, we have provided our customers the best customer support in the industry, giving them the tools to build stronger, more loyal customers and ultimately a strong ROI.
Contact Us
3313 Williams Enterprise Dr.
Cookeville, TN 38506
View on map >>
(P) - 888-449-8473
(F) - 888-338-8473
Monthly Newsletter
Thank you for signing up for email updates.
>>
Home
Software
Websites
Marketing
Data
About
Privacy Policy
Contact
Accessibility
© 2020 TCS Technologies, an ARI company | All Rights Reserved
Keep Connected
×
Learn More!
Do you still have some questions about the TCS Website Program through the Tire & Service Network Ad Program?
Tell us the best way to contact you and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Or call us at 888-449-8473
Message:
CloseSubmit