https://www.pivotpointsecurity.com/company/cookie-policy/
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Social Menu
Search
Services
CMMC Preparation
CMMC Compliance Services
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 Certification
ISO 27001 Maintenance
ISO 27017 – Cloud Security for CSP’s
ISO 27018 – Data Privacy for CSP’s
ISO 27701 – Data Privacy Management System
SOC 2 Readiness
Virtual CISO (vCISO)
IoT Security
IoT Security Consulting & Assessments
Network Security
CREST Network Penetration Test
Vulnerability Assessment
Penetration Test
Architecture Review
Application Security
Penetration Test
API Penetration Testing
Architecture Review & Threat Assessment
Vendor Due Diligence
Accelerated Vendor Due Diligence
Third Party Risk Management
SaaS Security
Business Continuity
Blockchain Security
Compliance
CMMC
CMMC Compliance Services
CCPA
SOC 2
CIS CSC
PCI
FedRAMP
NYDFS
GDPR
HIPAA
HITRUST
Industries
Legal
Financial
Government
Healthcare
More Industries
Resources
ISO 27001 Resources
ISO 27001 Audit & Cost Guide
ISO 27001 Checklist
ISO 27001 Cost Blog
ISO 27001 : Recipe & Ingredients for Certification
ISO 27001 Roadmap
ISO 27701 Cost
CCPA
CCPA Compliance Roadmap
CMMC
CMMC Certification Guide
CMMC C3PAO FAQs
CMMC Capabilities
CMMC Cost
CMMC Gap Analysis FAQs
CMMC Marketplace FAQs
SSP for CMMC
vCISO
vCISO Cost
FedRAMP
FedRAMP Cost
Third Party Risk Management
VRM Best Practice Guide for Small to Medium Businesses
Application Security
Ready for a Pen Test? Infographic
Business Continuity
BCP Table Top Exercise Template
About Us
Locations
Client Satisfaction
Giving Back
Jobs
Working at Pivot Point Security
PPS Partners
Our Stance on Inclusivity
The Virtual CISO Podcast
Blog
Contact Us
1-888-PIVOT-POINT1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Talk with an Expert
1-888-PIVOT-POINT | 1-888-748-6876
info@pivotpointsecurity.com
Get Your Information Security Questions Answered
Access The Latest Episodes from The Virtual CISO Podcast
Cookie Policy
Last Updated: August 9, 2018
Cookies at Pivot Point Security Inc.
Pivot Point Security (“us,” “we,” or “our”) uses cookies on the https://www.pivotpointsecurity.com website (the “Site”). By using the Site, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Site, your choices regarding cookies, information on the specific cookies we use, and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Site or a third party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Site more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How Pivot Point Security uses cookies
When you use and access the Site, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies to enable certain functions of the Site and may use both session and persistent cookies.
Analytical purposes: Analytical cookies allow us to recognize, measure and track visitors to our Site. This helps us to improve and develop the way our Site works, for example, by determining whether site visitors can find information easily, or by identifying the aspects of the site that are of the most interest to them.
Usage preferences: Some of the cookies on our Site are activated when visitors to our sites make a choice about their usage of the site. Our Site then ‘remembers’ the settings preferences of the user concerned. This allows us to tailor aspects of the site to the individual user.
Terms and conditions: We use cookies on our Site to record when a site visitor has seen a policy, such as this one, or provided consent, such as consent to the terms and conditions on our Site. This helps to improve the user’s experience of our Site – for example, it avoids a user from repeatedly being asked to consent to the same terms.
Session management: The software that runs our Site uses cookies for technical purposes needed by the internal workings of our servers. For instance, we use cookies to distribute requests among multiple servers, authenticate users and determine what features of the site they can access, verify the origin of requests, keep track of information about a user’s session and determine which options or pages to display in order for the site to function.
Third party cookies. When you visit our Site, you may receive cookies that are set by third parties. These cookies are used for the purposes described in the bullet points above. We do not control the setting of these third-party cookies, so we suggest you might wish to check the third-party Sites for more information about their use of cookies and how to manage them.
Amending Internet browser settings to disable cookies. You can configure your browser to send accept all cookies, reject all cookies, notify you when a cookie is set, or delete cookies that have already been set. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our Site. In addition, a number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Sites anonymously.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
You can use your web browser to:
Delete all cookies;
Block all cookies;
Allow all cookies;
Block third-party cookies;
Clear all cookies when you close the browser;
Open a ‘private browsing’ / ‘incognito’ session, which allows you to browse the internet without storing local data; and
Install add-ons and plug-ins to extend browser functionality.
The cookies we use
Here is a complete list of cookies the Site uses with descriptions and expiration information.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies on the following third-party website:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/