http://www.fusionapps.com/terms.cfm
We Design, Develop, Manage and Host
Let us turn your vision into a software-based reality.
Learn More
Privacy Policy
Fusionapps provides software development and hostings solutions to a large number of clients. We have responsibility to protect each client and provide the best possible service available. The following guidelines have been established to insure this intent is met.
Content
All services provided by Fusionapps, LLC. may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any United States Federal, State or City law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene, or material protected by trade secrets and other statutes. Fusionapps, LLC. is not responsible for any claims resulting from the use of our service. This is also true for sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may be damaging to servers or any other server on the internet. Links to such materials are prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to adult sites (both legal/illegal), warez/pirated software, serials, hacker programs/archives, and MP3 files.
Unsolicited Commercial Email (SPAM)
Spamming, or the sending of unsolicited email, from a Fusionapps, LLC. server or using an email address that is maintained by Fusionapps, LLC. is STRICTLY prohibited and will subject your account to a $100 per incident charge and immediate deactivation with no refund.
Server Abuse
Any attempts to undermine or cause harm to any server or customer is strictly prohibited. We hold no responsibility for the use of our clients' accounts. Any account the abuses resources and actions are not taken to desist, calls for immediate de-activation without any refund of payments made thus far. Any site using what we deem to be using excessive CPU cycles or any resources that cause strain to other sites may also be offered new terms.
Data Transfer
Each account is allocated a pre-specified amount of data transfer per calendar month. Sites are not restricted to a traffic rate but if your account's monthly usage is above your monthly total allotment you may choose to either upgrade to a higher package or purchase additional data transfer. We will work with clients to keep their sites alive and fast at all times.
Backups
We perform periodic backup of critical system files for emergency purposes. Clients should not rely on us to backup for them. An easy-to-use instant backup facility is available via the client's online control panel. MySQL data dumps can be easily performed by the client via the included phpMyAdmin or Telnet/SSH. Clients are advised to backup all of their own files to their local drives. We are NOT responsible for lost data, time, income or any other resource due to hardware failure, faulty backups or non-existent backups.
Refusal of Service
We reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or suspend service at our sole discretion. In no event will we be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consewuential, or punitive damages arising out of the use of or ibability to use our services or any content thereon.This disclaimer applies, without limitation, to any damages or injury, whether for breach of contract, tort, or otherwise, caused by any failure of performance; error; omission; interruption; deletion; defect; delay in operation or transmission; computer virus; file corruption; communication-line failure; network or system outage; or theft, destruction, unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of any record.
Policy Updates
These terms may be modified at any time and without notice.All users previous and new are always subject to the newest terms posted here at all times.
Contact Information
160 Pehle Ave
Saddle Brook, NJ 07663
Toll-Free: 1-888-514-8100
Phone: 201-751-9988
Fax: 201-751-9989
Let's Talk