http://www.ultimus.com/privacy?hsLang=en
Products
Ultimus Digital Process Automation Suite
- Composed Process Solutions
- Ultimus BPM Software Suite
Software Suite Modules
Ultimus Process Designer
- Ultimus WebClient / UATS
AI Digital Process Automation
Blockchain Digital Process Automation
Credit Process Digitization
Test Drive CPS
DPA Solution Starters
Request a Demo
Solutions
Ultimus Solution Starters
Solutions Overview
Solutions by Industry »
Banking and Finance
Energy and Utilities
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Insurance
Legal Services
Manufacturing
Government / Public Sector
Telecommunications
Solutions by Function »
Business Services Management
Compliance
CRM
Finance and Accounting
Human Resources and HCM
Solutions by Application »
Artificial Intelligence
Application Servers
Blockchain and Distributed Ledger
Enterprise App Integration
Enterprise Content Mgmt
Enterprise Resource Planning
SharePoint Integration
Service Oriented Architecture
Supply Chain Management
Services
CPS Training & Certification
BPM Suite Training & Certification
UATS/WebClient Training & Certification
Process Consulting & Services
Product Consulting & Support
Ultimus Knowledge Exchange
Customers
Ultimus Customers
Success Stories
Testimonials
Product Upgrades
Customer Portal Login
Resources
Press Releases, News & Events
Case Studies
Analyst Coverage
Videos & Webinars
White Papers
Solution Starters
Solution Profiles
Ultimus Community
Learn More »
Ultimus Blog
What is BPM Software?
BPM vs. Workflow vs. Low-Code
Lean Six Sigma and BPM
Product Collateral
About
Contact and Office Locations
Why Ultimus?
Ultimus Partners »
DPA Suite Premium Partners
North American Partners
EMEA Partners
Latin American Partners
APAC Partners
Company History
Management Team
Ultimus Careers
Language
English
German
Spanish
<
Privacy Policy
ULTIMUS PRIVACY POLICY
Revised: May 25, 2018
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Ultimus, Inc. (“company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@ultimus.com.
When you visit our website https://www.ultimus.com, contact us electronically, and/or use our services, you trust us with certain Personal Information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our contact with individuals within our clients, business partners, suppliers, or other individuals or organizations that contemplate a relationship with Ultimus, including contact through our website (such as https://www.ultimus.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the " Sites ").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal Information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, and company information.
We collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or otherwise contacting us.  We use this information in connection with your request and to communicate with you. This information may also identify you when you visit our websites. We will retain your information for potential future interactions with you.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information is collected automatically when you visit our Sites.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites including device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites and other technical information.  This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
This information will only reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) if you have voluntarily provided us with such information when you expressed an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or when otherwise contacting us
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
Except in the case of social media profile information, when we do so, we will ask the providers of such information to confirm that the information was legally acquired by the third party and that we have the right to obtain it from them and use it.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To provide access to and use of websites, customer support, or other online services.
To respond to your request for information, employment, or support.
To contact employees of our clients, prospects, partners and suppliers.
To send you marketing and promotional communications for Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time.
To request feedback for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Ultimus Subsidiaries. Ultimus is a global organization offering a wide range of products and services, with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. As a global company, we may share information about you with our subsidiaries world-wide and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Vendors, Consultants, partners and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, partners, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
When visiting our websites or online services, you may have the possibility to set your preferences regarding cookies and other similar technologies by using the options and tools made available to you by either your web browser or Ultimus.
If a cookie manager has been implemented by Ultimus, it will be displayed at your first visit to our website. By clicking 'Continue' at the footer of an Ultimus website, you can choose to accept our Cookie Policy. You can delete cookies already on your device via the settings of your web browser.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 13 years of age. By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 13 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites. If we learn that personal information from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at privacy@ultimus.com.
8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Sites, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Sites. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Sites, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact us at privacy@ultimus.com or by mail at the following addresses:
Ultimus GmbHBrunnenbachstr. 40Königsbrunn, 86343Germany
Ultimus, Inc.136 Madison Ave. 6th FloorNew York, NY 10016United States
Learn More
About Ultimus
Contact & Office Locations
Why Ultimus?
Ultimus Partners
Company History
Management Team
Ultimus Careers
Ultimus Leadership
The Ultimus Executive team is made up of a proven, successful group that has been instrumental in their past organizations. Together this team offers unmatched technology experience in the BPM sector. To see Ultimus' leadership positions, please visit the Leadership page.
Products
Ultimus Digital Process Automation Suite
Composed Process Solutions
Ultimus BPM Suite
Ultimus WebClient / UATS
AI Digital Business AutomationBlockchain Digital Business AutomationCredit Process Digitization
Solutions
Services
Customers
Partners
Resources
About Us
Latest News
Ultimus Inc. Headquarters 136 Madison Ave. 6th Floor New York, NY, USA 10016
(919) 678-0900
View All Office Locations
Search
Special offer to the organizations most impacted by COVID-19
Ultimus Careers | Privacy Policy | © 2020 Ultimus