http://www.paramwebs.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Web Design
Static Web Design
Dynamic Web Design
Bootstrap Web Design
Responsive Web Design
Mobile Web Design
Website Redesign
Website Maintenance
Website Development
Web Programming
Php Programming
Custom Web Development
Landing Page Design
CMS Web Development
Joomla Website
Drupal Development
Wordpress Development
Ecommerce Solutions
Magento Ecommerce
X-cart Development
Zen Cart Development
Oscommerce Development
Online Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media Marketing
Content Writing
Email Marketing
Online Branding
PPC Management
Hire Dedicated Resource
Hire Php Developer
Hire Web Designer
Hire Web Developer
Hire SEO Expert
Hire .Net Developer
Portfolio
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy - Param Webs committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
pandyarajiv(@)yahoo(.)com
pandyarajiv(@)hotmail(.)com
paramwebsolution(@)gmail(.)com
pandyarajiv(@)skype(.)com
Our policies and procedures for handling customer information have
been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still
evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to
meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a
result, Param Web Solutions’s policies and procedures are subject to
change.
In the course of serving its customers, Param Web Solutions acquires,
stores and transmits customer communications and information that
customers may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information
such as the customer's name, address, telephone number and credit card
data are provided to Param Web Solutions by its customers in order to
establish service. Other information such as the customer's account
status, choice of services and customer logs are created and maintained
by Param Web Solutions in the normal course of providing service and
doing business.
Param Web Solutions will protect the confidentiality of its
customers' information, account information and personal communications
to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law and the
legitimate interests of Param Web Solutions, its partners, its employees
and other customers of Param Web Solutions’s services. To protect the
loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from
customers, Param Web Solutions has appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures in place.
The company carries out its complete job in very planned schedule.
There are many skilled and highly knowledgeable professionals are
involved very sincerely to complete the job. All type of latest tools
and software are used for optimum quality. Every team member tries to
get maximum utilization from all these tools to provide large number of
different layouts and variations in each job.
Param Web Solutions will not otherwise disclose its customers'
personal and account information unless Param Web Solutions has reason
to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify,
make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be
causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Param Web
Solutions, Param Web Solutions’s customers, or others, or where Param
Web Solutions has a good faith belief that the law requires such
disclosure.
Quick Contact
+91 9824030645
+1(631)416-8840
Get A Free Quote
Name
Email
Cell no.
Descriptions
Enter Code
Work With Us
Search Engine Optimizer-Post 2 Minimum 1 Year Experience Required
Php Developer-Post 3 Minimum 1 Year Experience Required
Web Designer-Post 2 Minimum 1 Year Experience Required
See Inside
Why Choose Us?
Creative Design
What We Do
Service
Unique Design
Facilitating communication between viewers and content
Interactive and easy navigate user interface
Use high quality graphic icons
We Do Efforts
To show top business goals of your website
Enhancing initial positive responses
Stands out from the crowd
Strong and unique strategy
Design interactive and creative user interface
24 X 7 Services
Customer support system
Regular support services
Live chat support, phone support and email support
Cost effective services
Client Testimonials
Mr. Gopal Thakar
MD, Hotel Thakar, Rajkot
We recommend Param Webs always for hotel website business owners. Our site works well and always uptime, If any client new or existing, want to book room then they can book it online from our website. So our customers like that facility.
Mr. Nashrubhai Jiwani
MD, Hotel Apaar, Apana & Ashiyana - Diu Vice President : Hotel Association, Diu
Param Webs has designed so many websites for various business. But I must say, they are specialize in hotel website design. I mark that they select perfect theme and content as per your real business location. I recommend them for your hotel business website.
Mr. Sureshbhai Kansagra
MD, Krishna Park Group Hotels, Rajkot
Param Webs - web design and development firm creates perfect website for my hotel busines. They have made best content for it. I give them best regards to do such good efforts for my website maintenance and updation on regular basis.
Valuable Clients
All rights reserved © 2014. Designed, Developed & Hosted By Param Web Designs
SEO by Param Webs