http://www.tdist.com/home/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
About TDIST
VDI Solutions
News and Events
Contact
TDIST Ltd
Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill in our contact form.
How do we protect your information?
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.tdist.com/home/terms-conditions/
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 28/05/2014
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.tdist.com/contact/
dave@tdist.com
01315389033
Latest News
See the Cirrus Laptop at Cloud Expo 11th & 12th March 2015 and win a bottle of Champagne!
March 4, 2015
Mad March Sale!!
March 4, 2015
PRAIM announces Quad Core products.
February 23, 2015
Upcoming changes to Teradici Support
February 20, 2015
ALTO PCoIP Zero Clients combine with Amazon WorkSpaces to provide a high performance, ultra-secure, and easy to manage cloud desktop.
November 6, 2014
TDIST announces ALTO – a portfolio of Teradici® powered PCoIP® zero clients
January 29, 2014
Italian and European health board thin client use case from Praim
February 7, 2013
Latest tweets
Tweets by @TDISTLTD
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
© Copyright 2007-2020 TDIST Ltd. All rights reserved.