http://www.interactivetools.com/privacy/
About
About Us
Newsletter
We're Hiring
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Hire Us
Overview
Why you should hire us
Request a call
Request a free estimate
CMS Builder
Overview
Plugins
Showcase
Server Requirements
Developer Reviews
Private Label Version (Paid)
Download Now (Free)
Documentation
WordPress
Support
Overview
Docs
Installation Request
Support Request
Upgrade
Forum
Apache CVE-2019-0211 Vulnerability Detection Script
Contact Us
About
About Us
Newsletter
We're Hiring
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Privacy PolicyWe take your privacy very seriously.
In order for you to better understand our data collection methods, we have compiled the following list:
1. Website Forms
When you fill out a form on our website we may require you to provide your
e-mail address or other information.
This information is used only to
contact you.
We do not make this information available to any third parties.
2. Newsletter
If you elect to join our newsletter we will send you a notification once a month
about new software releases, updates and special offers.
For your convenience,
each announcement contains instructions on how to be removed from all future mailings.
You may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time and we do not make email addresses
available to any third parties. Here are some example newsletters.
3. During Software Purchase
It is very important for us to keep accurate purchase records.
During this process, we ask for information such as name, company
name, e-mail address, etc.
This data is used only to identify you
in order to give you the full benefits of registration including
technical support and upgrade eligibility.
We do not make this
information available to any third parties.
4. During Software Usage
The software will electronically register itself during installation, relocation,
and periodically during usage to confirm that you've entered a valid "Product ID".
The registration process only sends the license information that you've
entered (Company Name, Domain Name, Product ID) and information
about the software installed (Program Name, Version, Install URL,
Checksum). No other type of information is sent.
5. Cookies
Our site uses "cookies" which are small pieces of information that your browser
stores on your computer's hard drive.
These cookies allow you to store items in
your shopping cart while browsing our web site and store the name and address
that you enter on our page.
The cookies are also used to identify our customers
who are referred to us by one of our partners in order to compensate our partner
for the referral.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually set your browser to refuse cookies.
If you refuse or disable our
cookie, you will still be able to order from our web site. We do not make any
information collected by our cookies available to third parties.