http://www.diolan.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Diolan uses and protects any information that you give Diolan when you use this website. Diolan is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Diolan may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
information about your use of this website
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
information about transactions carried out over this website
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services and
any other information that you send to Diolan.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
Diolan does not collect or store any payment information. All payment information (such as customer's credit card number etc.) is handled by secured payment gateways, that can be trusted.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
administer this website
personalize the website for you
enable your access to and use of the website services
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send to you statements and invoices
collect payments from you and
send you marketing communications, if subscribed.
Diolan does not disclose your personal information to third-persons, except for the purposes identified elsewhere below in this statement.
Diolan may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Security
Diolan are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Diolan will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Diolan will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Diolan collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Diolan operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@diolan.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to PO Box 652, Rehovot,
Israel 76106.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Updating this statement
Diolan may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Diolan is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Diolan
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy Statement or Diolan’s treatment of your personal information, please contact us.
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
Warranty
Privacy Policy
Quick Links
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Submit Customer Form
Site Map
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
© 2006-2018 Diolan