http://www.epic.org/privacy/boyer/brief.html
THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
SUPREME COURT
2002 TERM
CASE NO. C-00-211-B
ESTATE OF HELEN REMSBURG
Plaintiff-Appellant
v.
DOCUSEARCH, INC., ET AL.
Defendants-Appellees
ON ORDER OF CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO RULE 34 FROM THE
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW HAMPSHIRE
AMICUS BRIEF OF THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION
CENTER
STATEMENT OF AMICUS CURIAE
Amicus Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC") is a
public interest research center in Washington, D.C. that was
established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties
issues and to protect privacy, the First Amendment, and other
constitutional values.
QUESTIONS PRESENTED
I.
Under the common law of New Hampshire and in light of the
undisputed facts presented by the case, does a private
investigator or information broker who sells information to a
client pertaining to a third party have a cognizable legal duty to
that third party with respect to the sale of the
information?  (Order of Certification at 2.)
II.
If a private investigator or information broker obtains a
person's Social Security Number from a credit reporting agency as
part of a credit header without the person's knowledge or
permission and sells the Social Security Number to a client, does
the individual whose Social Security Number was sold have a cause
of action for intrusion upon her seclusion against the private
investigator or information broker for damages caused by the sale
of the information?  (Order of Certification at 2.)
III.
When a private investigator or information broker obtains a
person's work address by means of a pretextual telephone call and
sells the work address to a client, does the individual whose work
address was deceitfully obtained have a cause of action for
intrusion upon her seclusion against the private investigator or
information broker for damages caused by the sale of the
information?  (Order of Certification at 2.)
IV.
If a private investigator or information broker obtains a
Social Security Number from a credit reporting agency as part of a
credit header, or a work address by means of a pretextual
telephone call, and then sells the information, does the
individual whose Social Security Number or work address was sold
have a cause of action for commercial appropriation against the
private investigator or information broker for damages caused by
the sale of the information?  (Order of Certification at
3.)
V.
If a private investigator or information broker obtains a
person's work address by means of a pretextual telephone call, and
then sells the information, is the private investigator or
information broker liable under N. H. Rev. Stat. Ann § 358-A
to the person it deceived for damages caused by the sale of the
information?  (Order of Certification at 3.)
STATEMENT OF THE CASE
We adopt the procedural history and facts as stipulated in the
Order of Certification from the United States District Court for
the District of New Hampshire.
In addition, we note the following facts from the Plaintiff‚s Memorandum
of Law in Support of Her Objection to Docusearch Defendants Motion for Summary
Judgment ("Pl. Memo").  First, Defendants Dan Cohn and Kenneth Zeiss
attempted to verify that their clients planned to use the information they
were providing to them in a lawful way (Pl. Memo at 15-16.)  Also, the
Defendants explicitly mentioned "jealous ex-boyfriends" and harassers as the
types of clientele they sought to avoid.  (Pl. Memo. at 15-16.)  Second,
the killer, Liam Youens, maintained an Internet site detailing his obsession
with Amy Boyer and his plans to murder her.  (Pl. Memo at 14.)
Finally, the victim, Ms. Boyer, chose to limit the dissemination of certain
information.  She did not put her Social Security Number on her driver's
license.  (Pl. Memo. at 3.)  Her name was not included in the household
directory listing.  (Pl. Memo. at 3.)  She held few credit cards,
and subscribed to only one or two magazines.  (Pl. Memo. at 3.)
SUMMARY OF ARGUMENT
Private investigators and information brokers have a legal duty
to act with due care toward the subjects of their
investigations.  Because of their unique knowledge of the
sensitive nature of the information they uncover and the
intentions and background of the clients who request that
information, these investigators are in a position to judge the
possible harm that could result.  In this case, the harm was
eminently foreseeable based on the Defendants‚ own knowledge
and the danger inherent in the information they sold.
Further, without an effective tort remedy, private investigators
and information brokers would rarely be held accountable for their
contribution to the harm experienced by victims of stalkers and
identity thieves.
A private investigator or information broker intrudes upon the
seclusion of a third-party when he uncovers and sells her Social
Security Number to a person who intends to harm her.  The
Defendants' extraction of the Plaintiff's number in order to
profit from its sale to her stalker is both an intrusion into
something private and unambiguously unreasonable conduct.
Social Security Numbers are extremely important to proving
one‚s identity for financial and other purposes; the
unauthorized distribution of that number violates the privacy
interests of the owner and subjects her to the risk of fraud and
personal harm.
Similarly, the use of deceitful pretextual phone calls to trick
the Plaintiff into revealing personal information is a despicable
intrusion into her private affairs.  Private investigators
are regularly held liable for privacy violations when their
investigations go beyond the lines of decency.  The tactic of
extracting personal information by impersonating someone who the
victim may trust has been widely denounced and legislatively
banned in many states and by the federal government, which is
evidence of the societal disgust felt toward the practices in
which the Defendants engaged.
We urge the New Hampshire Supreme Court to expressly recognize
a cause of action for commercial appropriation, and extend a
remedy to private individuals who are injured as a result of the
commercial brokerage of their personal information.
Twenty-six states provide some form of protection against
commercial appropriation. However, New Hampshire citizens have no
legal recourse when the thriving information brokerage industry
inflicts harm upon private individuals by collecting and selling
their personal information without their knowledge or consent.
Finally, as the New Hampshire Supreme Court considers whether
Defendants have violated the New Hampshire Consumer Protection
Act, it should examine the position the Federal Trade Commission
has taken on pretextual phone calls.  The FTC has determined
that pretexting is likely an unfair and deceptive practice, and
has initiated litigation against information brokers that have
used pretexting to obtain financial information.  The policy
reasons underlying the FTC's stance against the pretexting of
financial information apply equally to pretexting used to obtain
other types of personal information.
ARGUMENT
I. UNDER THE FACTS OF THIS CASE, A PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR OR
INFORMATION BROKER WHO SELLS INFORMATION TO A CLIENT PERTAINING TO
A THIRD PARTY HAS A COGNIZABLE LEGAL DUTY TO THAT THIRD PARTY WITH
RESPECT TO THE SALE OF THE INFORMATION.
A tortfeasor may be found negligent for the breach of a duty to
a third party if foreseeable harm results.  Hungerford v.
Jones, 143 N.H. 208, 209 (1998) (finding a mental health care
professional liable for negligent diagnosis of plaintiff's
daughter as the victim of sexual abuse by the plaintiff);
Spherex, Inc. v. Alexander Grant & Co., 122 N.H. 898,
903-04 (1982) (finding an accountant liable for the ill-effects of
defendant‚s work on a third party).  Whether or not the
plaintiff has a direct relationship with the defendants, courts
find negligence where the defendant breached a duty to the victim
and the victim as a proximate result suffered harm.
Ronayne v. State, 137 N.H. 281, 284 (1993).
In this case, the harm to the victim is obvious, dramatic and
occurred in connection with actions performed by the
Defendants.  (Order of Certification at 6.)  To
determine whether the harm is the result of a breach of a duty,
this Court requires an examination of several factors: "the
societal interest involved, the severity of the risk, the
likelihood of occurrence, the relationship between the parties,
and the burden upon the defendant."  Hungerford, 143
N.H. at 211.  The liability of the Defendants rests on the
foreseeability, likelihood, and severity of harm to Ms. Boyer as a
result of the information they supplied to her killer and the
social interests involved in holding the Defendants liable for
their negligence and indifference -- not upon the existence of a
relationship between Ms. Boyer and Docusearch.  See
id.
A. Because Private Investigators Exercise a Tremendous
Amount of Control over the Personal Information of the Subjects of
Their Investigations, They Have a Duty to Exercise Due Care With
Respect to Release of that Information.
When harm may foreseeably result from a person‚s dangerous
actions and he fails to exercise due care to prevent that harm, he
has breached his duty to the victim; the defendants‚ duty
"does not arise solely from the relationship between the parties."
Hungerford, 143 N.H. at 211.  Where, as here,
substantial social interests are imperiled by the failure to hold
private investigators liable for their negligence toward the
subjects of their investigations, the existence of a duty is even
clearer.  See id.
In the course of their business, private investigators and
information brokers regularly come into contact with intimately
personal information concerning the subjects of their
investigations.
[1]   See Docusearch Home Page,
at http://www.docusearch.com (last accessed July 18,
2002).  Due to their state-conferred rights and investigative
skills and training--often obtained as police officers or
detectives--these investigators have an almost unique ability to
acquire such information.  See, e.g., New Hampshire
League of Investigators Home Page, How to Hire an Investigator,
at http://www.mv.com/ipusers/magee/ne.html (last accessed
July 18, 2002) (noting that many investigators are former law
enforcement officers or military personnel).
Additionally, through morally repugnant but common methods such
as pretextual phone calls, private investigators uncover
information that the subjects of investigations would not have
otherwise disclosed.  (See Order of Certification at
6.)  It is left completely to the discretion of these
investigators to judge the integrity of their client's intentions,
to weigh the risk of harm to the subject of the investigation, and
to decide based on their unique knowledge of their client and the
nature of the request what information should or should not be
handed over to him.  While many investigators surely exercise
wise judgment, those who do not should not be free from liability
for their negligence.
Societal well-being is significantly imperiled by the
unaccountable release of such personal information by private
investigators and information brokers.  Especially in today's
information-based society, great harm can be done if personal
information is misused.  Not withstanding the very real
dangers of sharing personal information with potential stalkers or
murderers, the epidemic of identity theft is a prime example of
how such information could be misused.  The types of personal
information implicated in this case, for instance, could be used
to establish lines of credit, to apply for various services, and
to secure employment; ruining the financial reputation of the
victim.  See Statewide Grand Jury Report: Identity
Theft in Florida, No. SC 01-1095 at 3 (Fla. 2002) (hereinafter
„Identity Theft in Florida‰); see also Janice A.
Alwin, Privacy Planning: Putting the Privacy Statutes to Work
for You, 14 DePaul Bus. L.J. 353, 356-57 (2002) (describing
the increase in identity theft in modern society).  Identity
fraud „presents enormous public safety concerns‰
including the "emotional and frustrating task" of trying to clear
the victims‚ good names.  See Identity Theft in
Florida at 4.  Additionally, if people fear that
unaccountable investigators could uncover and release their
information--resulting in fraud or worse--they will be reluctant
to participate in otherwise useful economic transactions.
B. Serious Risk of Physical and Economic Injury Is an
Eminently Foreseeable Result of Disclosure by a Private
Investigator of a Third Party‚s Personal Information.
The well-known dangers of unauthorized release of personal
information, as well as the Defendants‚ own admissions of the
menace posed by their clientele, reveal that the Defendants should
have foreseen the likelihood of harm to Ms. Boyer based on the
disclosure of the information to Mr. Youens.
The Defendants recognize the physical danger posed by many of
their clients to the subjects of their investigations.
Defendant Cohn admitted that he attempted to verify that the
purpose for which his clients sought information was lawful;
Defendant Zeiss acknowledges vetting his clients in the same
way.  (Plaintiff's Memorandum of Law in Support of Her
Objection to "Docusearch Defendants," Motion for Summary Judgment
at 15-16.)  Both are implicitly acknowledging that many of
their clients seek information for illegal or harmful purposes,
yet their only method of verifying their clients‚ intentions
is simply asking for a verbal assurance of good intentions.
(Pl. Memo. at 16.)  Moreover, the Defendants explicitly
mention "jealous ex-boyfriends" and harassers as the types of
clientele they seek to avoid, which demonstrates their awareness
that stalkers attempt to use their services.  (Pl. Memo. at
15-16.); accord Expert's Report of Robert Douglas at 2
(noting, as a private investigator himself, that services such as
Docusearch inevitably attract stalkers like Mr. Yoens).
The release of personal information to the clients of private
investigators without concern for the impact on the subjects of
the investigations invites identity theft.  Identity theft is
on the rise in the United States based on the increased
availability of personal identifiers such as the Social Security
Number.  Alwin, Privacy Planning at 357.  The
Defendants are in the business of selling many of the types of
information necessary to commit identity frauds: Social Security
Numbers, addresses, and birth dates.  (See Order of
Certification at 4-6.)
The dangers of disclosing such information are so great that
many states are taking unprecedented action to provide consumers
with necessary privacy safeguards.  In Florida, a recent
statewide investigative grand jury recommended that new laws be
passed preventing the sale or distribution of Social Security
Numbers and other financial and personal information without the
express consent of the owner.  Identity Theft in Florida at
33 (2002).  California and Georgia recently passed stringent
new laws to help prevent and punish identity theft.  Cal.
Penal Code §§ 530.5-530.7 (2002) (stating that
Californians will be able to: request a "security alert" via a
toll-free number when it is believed that credit or identity fraud
has occurred, request a "security freeze" that prevents credit
agencies from releasing personal information from an individual's
credit report, stop"coercive disclosure" of the SSN, and prevent
businesses from mailing forms with SSNs printed on them); Ga. Code
Ann. §§ 16-9-121. 16-9-127 (2002) (stating that
businesses can be fined up to $10,000 for the improper disposal of
materials that contain personal information including SSNs about
customers).  The frequency and regularity of these crimes
belie Defendants‚ claim that they could not foresee any harm
resulting from unauthorized disclosure of Ms. Boyer's personal
information.
C. Private Investigators and Information Brokers Operate in
a Largely Unregulated Industry with Insufficient Accountability
for their Negligent Acts.
There unfortunately exists a healthy demand for the collection
and sale of the personal information of others.  See
Alwin, Privacy Planning at 353.  While many states
regulate this industry through licensing requirements,
qualifications, and statutory penalties for misuse of authority,
other states have no or perfunctory licensing for private
detectives, let alone for the nebulous category of"information
brokers."  For example, compare New Hampshire, which
requires that private investigators to maintain surety bonds, N.H.
Rev. Stat. Ann. § 106-F:9 (2002),
[2]
and California, which requires applicants
for licensure to submit to background checks, Cal. Bus. &
Prof. Code § 7525.1 (2002), with Colorado and Mississippi,
which apparently have no licensing procedures at all, 1999 Op.
Miss. Att‚y Gen. LEXIS 289 (1999) (stating that no
Mississippi statute requires a license to operate as a private
investigator).
Because Internet sites can operate from anywhere, groups like
Docusearch can take advantage of the lax licensing of the
least-restrictive state yet provide services to anyone in the
country.
[3]   (See Order of Certification at
3.)  Even if every state increased their regulatory
protections, these services could locate overseas.  The
nebulous nature of the Internet means that victims of private
investigators‚ negligence will rarely have recourse to legal
remedies based on state licensing requirements.  That New
Hampshire regulates the practices of this industry demonstrates
the state's commitment to protecting victims like Ms. Boyer;
without a tort remedy, however, negligent defendants could escape
liability.
Absent tort remedies for negligent behavior on the part of
private investigators and information brokers, third-party victims
remain uncompensated for their losses.  While the criminal
clients of private investigators should be the first targets of
legal action to recover damages for the victims' losses, the
investigators who negligently facilitate their stalking, identity
fraud, and murder should not be free from liability.  Often,
as in this case, the victim cannot recover her losses from the
criminal directly and so remains uncompensated while the private
investigators profit.  Tort remedies against private
investigators allow the victims to pursue parties that contributed
to the resulting harm, as well as provide incentive for Internet
information broker operations like Docusearch to operate with
basic standards of due care toward the subjects of their
investigations.  Cf. Alwin, Privacy Planning at
354 (urging preventative solutions to identity theft and misuse of
personal information).
II. An individual has a cause of action for intrusion upon
seclusion against a private investigator or information broker who
obtains a Social Security Number from a credit reporting agency
and then sells it without permission to A third party.
A plaintiff who has her private information raided through
conduct offensive to an ordinary person can sue for violation of
the tort of intrusion upon seclusion.  Fisher v.
Hooper, 143 N.H. 585, 590 (1999) (quoting Hamberger v.
Eastman, 106 N.H. 107, 110 (1964)); see also Rest. 2d.
of Torts § 652B (urging liability for unreasonable intrusion
into another's "private affairs and concerns").  The
Defendants' extraction of Ms. Boyer's Social Security Number in
order to profit from its sale to her stalker is both an intrusion
into her private affairs and unambiguously unreasonable
conduct.
A. Because the Social Security Number Is One of the Most
Valuable Pieces of Private Information Possessed by Individuals,
It Deserves Adequate Protection.
The importance of Social Security Numbers (SSNs) has grown
exponentially in recent years.  The SSN is used widely as an
identifier and as a verification technique by both public and
private entities.  Social Security: Gov‚t and
Commercial Use of the Social Security Number is Widespread, Report
to the Chairman, House Subcomm. on Social Security, Comm. on Ways
and Means, 105th Cong. (1999) (report of the General
Accounting Office).  Because each person‚s number is
unique and the system is nationwide, use of the SSN has
ballooned˜both for legal and illegal purposes.
Id.  Use of the number is required by many government
agencies for purposes ranging from paying taxes to applying for
food stamps.  Id. at 4-5.  Private firms often
require SSNs when applying for checking accounts or home
loans.  Id. at 5.  Courts have acknowledged that
it is almost impossible for individuals to maintain the
confidentiality of their SSNs--not because they do not want to,
but because they cannot protect them adequately.  See
Andrews v. TRW Inc., 225 F.3d 1063, 1067 (9th Cir. 2000),
rev‚d on other grounds, 534 U.S. 19 (2001).
This widespread use and value of the SSN is predicated upon its
uniqueness and personal nature, which means that each person has a
substantial interest in keeping his number out of improper hands
while at the same time being able to disclose it to those
authorized to have it.  See Hearing on Protecting
Privacy and Preventing Misuse of Social Security Numbers,
Testimony Before the House Subcomm. on Social Security, Comm. on
Ways and Means, 107th Cong. (2001) (statement of Marc
Rotenberg, Executive Director, Electronic Privacy Information
Center, and Adjunct Professor, Georgetown University Law Center),
available at
http://waysandmeans.house.gov/socsec/107cong/5-22-01/5-22rote.htm
(arguing that there"is no other form of individual identification
that plays a more significant role in record-linkage and no other
form of personal identification that poses a greater risk to
personal privacy").
In response to the dangers of unauthorized SSN disclosure and
resulting public concern over the misuse of these numbers, several
states and the federal government have recently enacted measures
aimed at combating misuse.  Cal. Penal Code §§
530.5-530.7 (2002); Ga. Code Ann. §§ 16-9-121. 16-9-127
(2002); Pub. L. No. 106-112, 113 Stat. 1338 (codified as amended
at 15 U.S.C. §§ 6821-6827 (2002) and popularly known as
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act).  Poll data suggests that
Americans are overwhelmingly concerned about the distribution of
their personal information in general and their SSNs in
particular.  See "An Intimate Invasion," USA Weekend,
July 2, 2000, at
http://www.usaweekend.com/00_issues/000702/000702privacy.html
(last accessed July 18, 2002) (reporting that over 80 percent of
poll respondents felt that too many people had access to their
credit records); The Odum Institute, Harris 1994 Privacy in the
United States Survey, Study No. 943014, Louis Harris and
Associates, Question B2a (1994) at
http://www.irss.unc.edu/data_archive/pollsearch.html (last
accessed July 18, 2002) (reporting that over 60 percent of
respondents were concerned that their SSN would be used to harm or
embarrass them).  Legislators have sought to address public
concern by passing laws that limit use and disclosure of
SSNs.  Cal. Penal Code §§ 530.5-530.7 (2002); Ga.
Code Ann. §§ 16-9-121. 16-9-127 (2002); 15 U.S.C.
§§ 6821-6827 (2002).  These legislative attempts
demonstrate the need for adequate protection of the privacy
interest inherent in the SSN.
Other courts have recognized the privacy interests inherent in
the SSN, as well.  In State ex rel. Beacon Journal
Publishing Co. v. City of Akron, the Ohio Supreme Court held
that the "societal perception that SSNs should not be available to
all," and found that that public perception of and federal
legislation protecting the SSN was "sufficient to create an
expectation of privacy" in the SSN.  640 N.E.2d 164, 168
(Ohio 1994).  Due to the dangers inherent in release of the
SSN, the court found that disclosure of city employees' SSNs would
be a violation of their constitutional right to privacy.
Id. at 169.  Similarly, in Greidinger v. Davis,
the Fourth Circuit found that the privacy interest in Virginia
voters' SSNs outweighed the state interest in disclosing them with
voter rolls.  988 F.2d 1344, 1353-54 (4th Cir. 1993).
The court noted that:
[s]ince the passage of the Privacy
Act, an individual‚s concern over his SSN's
confidentiality and misuse has become significantly more
compelling.  For example, armed with one's SSN, an
unscrupulous individual could obtain a person's welfare
benefits or Social Security benefits, order new checks at a
new address on that person's checking account, obtain credit
cards, or even obtain the person's paycheck.
Greidinger, 988 F.3d at 1353.  See generally
Pub. L. No. 93-579, § 7, 88 Stat. 1896, 1909 (1974) (codified
in 5 U.S.C. § 552a (1982) and popularly known as the Privacy
Act of 1974) (requiring the federal government to protect the
privacy of SSNs).
B. The Unauthorized Collection and Sale of the Victim's SSN
to a Man who Had Publicly Stated His Intention to Track Her Down
and Kill Her Is Conduct of the Most Offensive Nature.
The Defendants' actions concerning the collection and
distribution of Ms. Boyer's SSN are truly despicable.  The
Defendants failed to take reasonable steps to determine the use to
which Mr. Youens planned to put the number.  (See
Order of Certification at 4-5.)  Youens maintained an
Internet site detailing his obsession with Ms. Boyer and his plans
to murder her.  (Pl. Memo at 14.)  The phone calls from
the Defendants to Mr. Youens were no more than a minute in
duration--not enough time to adequately verify his purposes.
(See Order of Certification at 4-5.)  The Defendants
did not perform any sort of background check upon Mr. Youens;
indeed, by not inquiring into his background or asking him the
purposes of his request, the Defendants seemed to have much more
respect for the privacy of the killer than for the safety of Ms.
Boyer.  (Order of Certification at 5.)
The Defendants knew they were handing over sensitive personal
information--capable of being used to commit fraud or other bad
acts--to a man about whom they knew nothing.  (Order of
Certification at 5.)  The SSN is one of the key elements in
the commission of identity theft, and yet the Defendants sold the
number without bothering to determine if Mr. Youens wanted to use
this information for any nefarious purpose.  (Order of
Certification at 4-5).
The Defendants essentially plundered Ms. Boyer's credit records
in order to profit from the sale of her personal
information.  This type of action is considered so vile that
Congress was forced to take action to curb the sale of "credit
headers," which include the SSN, without the permission of the
individual.  See 15 U.S.C. §§ 6821-6827
(2002); Trans Union v. FTC, No. 01-5202 slip op. (D.C. Cir.
2002) (dismissing argument that restriction on sale of credit
headers is a violation of the Free Speech Clause).  While the
type of investigative services the Defendants engage is often
appropriate, where investigators are indifferent to the welfare of
the subject of their investigations, their conduct crosses the
line from appropriate to objectively reprehensible.
III. PRIVATE INVESTIGATORS AND INFORMATION BROKERS INTRUDE
UPON THE SECLUSION OF A VICTIM WHEN THEY USE DECEITFUL PRETEXTUAL
PHONE CALLS TO EXTRACT HER WORK ADDRESS FOR SALE TO A CLIENT WHO
INTENDS HER UNLAWFUL HARM.
If a victim has a reasonable belief that her personal
information is private, or at least protected from those from whom
she wishes to keep it, and the defendant goes "beyond the limits
of decency" in obtaining that information, he has committed the
tort of intrusion upon seclusion.  Fisher, 143 N.H.at
590.  Ms. Boyer had gone to some length to avoid publication
of her work address; it took a deceitful pretext phone call from a
person (hired by the Defendants) who pretended to be someone
trustworthy to extract this information from her.  (Order of
Certification at 6.)  The Defendants then sold this
information to Mr. Youens to enable him to track down and kill Ms.
Boyer.  This conduct seems the very definition of
indecent.
A. Courts Regularly Hold Private Investigators and Others
Liable for Privacy Violations When Their Investigations Go Beyond
the Bounds of Common Decency Even When the Information Sought Is
not „Secret.‰
Courts have consistently found that private investigators may
be liable for intrusion upon seclusion.  See
Clayton v. Richards, 47 S.W.3d 149, 154 (Tex. App. 2001)
(holding that a private detective could be liable for privacy tort
violations even when he only provided "technical assistance" to
the actual intruder); Miller v. Brooks, 472 S.E.2d 350, 354
(N.C. Ct. App. 1996) (holding a private investigator liable for
installing hidden cameras in the house of the plaintiff); Noble
v. Sears, Roebuck & Co., 33 Cal. App. 3d 654, 657, 659
(1973) (holding an investigator liable for intrusion for using
deception to get the plaintiff to reveal the address of a
witness).
Additionally, courts have held that the information uncovered
need not be "secret" in the sense that no one other than the
plaintiff has access to it; it is enough that the information is
not for general dissemination and the conduct of the defendant is
objectionable.  See Hogin v. Cottingham, 533
So. 2d 525, 531 (Ala. 1988) (noting that a parent may have a
reasonable expectation of privacy in the names of their children);
Noble, 33 Cal. App. 3d at 659 (finding that the plaintiff
had a reasonable expectation of privacy in the address of her
friend when the means of extraction of the information were so
deceptive).
The work address of Ms. Boyer was a secret for purposes of the
intrusion tort because she would not have disclosed the
information to the Defendants had she been aware of their true
identities.  The fact that the Defendants had to resort to
pretext to trick Ms. Boyer into revealing the address is evidence
of her intent to keep the information private.  (See
Order of Certification at 4.)  This information was at least
as private to Ms. Boyer as the child's name or the friend's
address found to be secret by other courts applying this
test.  See Hogin, 533 So. 2d at 531;
Noble, 33 Cal. App. 3d at 659.
B. Using Deceitful Pretext Phone Calls to Trick a Victim
Into Revealing Her Work Address for the Purpose of Selling It to a
Murderous Stalker Is Offensive and Reprehensible Conduct.
The use of "pretexting" to uncover private information exceeds
the limits of decency.  See Fischer, 143 N.H. at
590.  The practice has been widely criticized, and recent
federal law limits the use of pretexting to obtain personal
information from a financial institution.  See 15
U.S.C. §§ 6821-6827 (2002) (the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act).  Though the information in the instant case obtained
through pretest is not financial, the tactics used to obtain it
are the same ones as those that prompted Congress to pass the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.  See id.
Not only did the Defendants use pretext to obtain the address,
they then sold it to the one man in whose hands the information
was most dangerous.  (See Order of Certification at
6.)  Mr. Youens then used the information to locate Ms.
Boyer's office and execute his plan to kill her and himself.
(Order of Certification at 6.)  This type of violation of
privacy seems precisely the type of fact scenario in which this
Court felt the intrusion tort was appropriate.  See
Fischer, 143 N.H.at 590 (concluding that it is "where the
intrusion has gone beyond the limits of decency that liability
accrues").
IV. AN INDIVIDUAL WHOSE SSN OR WORK ADDRESS IS SOLD BY A
PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR OR INFORMATION BROKER HAS A CAUSE OF ACTION
FOR COMMERCIAL APPROPRIATION AGAINST THE SELLER.
Broadly defined, the tort of commercial appropriation protects
the "inherent right of every human being to control the commercial
use of his or her identity."  J. Thomas McCarthy, The
Rights of Publicity and Privacy, § 1.2, 1-8 (1992).
According to the Restatement (Second) of Torts, "[o]ne who
appropriates to his own use or benefit the name or likeness of
another is subject to liability to the other for invasion of his
privacy."  § 652C (1977).  For the purposes of this
tort, an individual's  "name or likeness" is significant only
as a manifestation of that individual's identity, and is only at
issue when wrongfully used by another: "[i]t is the
plaintiff"s name as a symbol of his identity that is involved here
. . . . Unless there is some tortious use made of it, there is not
such thing as an exclusive right to a name."  W. Page Keeton,
ed. Prosser and Keeton on the Law of Torts, § 117, at
852 (5th ed. 1984).
A. Commercial Appropriation Should Be Expressly Recognized
by this Court to Protect the Privacy Interests of Private
Individuals In Their Personal Information.
The New Hampshire Supreme Court should not only recognize an
express cause of action for commercial appropriation, but should
extend this cause of action to private individuals whose personal
information is gathered to create a "likeness" and sold without
their consent by an information broker or private
investigator.  The Restatement envisioned exactly the
scenario presented here.  An illustration presented by the
Restatement asserts that when a private detective seeks
information regarding the relations of a client‚s wife with
another man, and the private detective impersonates the wife to
induce others to disclose information that they would not have
otherwise disclosed, the private detective has committed
commercial appropriation and invaded the wife's privacy.
Restatement (Second) of Torts, § 652C cmts. a-b, illus.
3.  Thus, both the Restatement (Second) of Torts and
Professor Prosser assert that commercial appropriation does
protect the privacy rights of private individuals.  This
Court should explicitly state that this cause of action is
available to private citizens of New Hampshire to protect their
personal information from profiteering.
B. New Hampshire Should Join the Majority of States that
Provide Commercial Appropriation Protection by Common Law or
Statute.
Most states recognize that individuals need protection against
the commercial appropriation of value inherent in their
identities.  Currently, sixteen states recognize a common law
cause of action for commercial appropriation of name, likeness,
performance, or identity, and twelve other states have enacted
comparable statutory protections instead of or in addition to
recognizing the tort.  See Lake v. Wal-Mart,
582 N.W.2d 231 (Minn. 1998); 62A Am. Jur. 2d Privacy §
68 (2001); see also Alexander C. Giftos, Comment,
The Common Law Right of Publicity and Commercial Appropriation
of Celebrity Identity: "A Whole New Wardrobe for Vanna," 38
St. Louis L.J. 983 (1994) (listing Massachusetts as a state
providing statutory protection against commercial
appropriation.  See Mass. Ann. Laws ch. 214, § 1B
(2002) (providing right of privacy)).
The New Hampshire Supreme Court has the discretion to expressly
extend a cause of action for commercial appropriation to its
citizens.  It should exercise this discretion, and follow the
lead of the numerous state supreme courts that provide a necessary
remedy for their citizens.  In explaining its 1998 decision
to adopt the tort of invasion of privacy, the Supreme Court of
Minnesota stated:
[t]his court has the power to
recognize and abolish common law doctrines.  The common
law is not composed of firmly fixed rules.  Rather, as
we have long recognized, the common law [] is the
embodiment of broad and comprehensive unwritten principles,
inspired by natural reason, an innate sense of justice,
adopted by common consent for the regulation and government
of the affairs of men.  It is the growth of ages, and
an examination of many of its principles, as enunciated and
discussed in the books, discloses a constant improvement and
development in keeping with and advancing civilization and
new conditions of society.  Its guiding star has always
been the rule of right and wrong, and in this country its
principles demonstrate that there is in fact, as well as in
theory, a remedy for all wrongs.
Lake, 582 N.W.2d at 234 (quoting State ex rel.
City of Minneapolis v. St. Paul, M.&M. Ry. Co., 108 N.W.
261, 268 (Minn. 1906), and Tuttle v. Buck, 119 N.W. 946,
947 (Minn. 1909)).  New Hampshire should ensure that there is
a common law remedy for those who are injured when their personal
information is wrongfully used for the economic gain of
others.
C. New Hampshire Law Currently Provides No Legal Recourse
For Private Individuals When They Sustain Injury as a Result of
the Information Brokerage Industry‚s Collection and Use of
Their Personal Information
A booming industry has sprung up around the brokering of
personal information of private individuals.  In the current
economy, "personal data is bought and sold in an open market much
like tangible goods or securities."  Alwin, Privacy
Planning at 353.  As a result, "consumers must treat
their privacy like any other valuable asset and protect it at all
costs."  Id.  Though courts have been slow to
respond to privacy concerns raised by the information age, legal
scholars have recognized for more than a decade that the law must
evolve to protect the privacy interests of private individuals
because their personal information has become increasingly easy to
collect.  Hearing on the Need for Internet Privacy
Legislation, Testimony Before the Senate Committee on Commerce,
Science and Transportation, 107th Cong. (2001) (statement of
Marc Rotenberg, Executive Director, Electronic Privacy Information
Center, and Adjunct Professor, Georgetown University Law Center)
at http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/testimony_0701.html
(last accessed July 18, 2002).  Advances in technology have
„enhanced society‚s ability to collect, store, retrieve,
process, and disseminate data on individuals, quite often without
the individual‚s knowledge or consent.‰  Sandra
Boyd Petersen, Note: Your Life as an Open Book: Has Technology
Rendered Personal Privacy Obsolete?, 48 Fed. Comm. L.J. 163,
168 (1995).  Such technological developments may cause the
privacy interests of public and private individuals to "collapse
into a generalized protection against appropriation of personal
characteristics for commercial advantage, regardless of
traditional status awarded to those members of the professional
sports and entertainment world."  Thomas E. Nielander and Don
E. Tomlinson, Pardon Me But You Got My Best Bits:
Misappropriation of Personal Characteristics and the New Age of
Privacy and Publicity Rights in Digitally Manipulated Works,
20 Miss. C.L. Rev. 17, 25 (1999).
Private individuals are increasingly concerned about the
general accessibility of their personal information.
According to a national survey, 96 percent of people consider it
important to be in control of who can obtain information about
them, and 95 percent believe it is important to be able to control
what information is collected about them.  The Odum
Institute, Harris Study No. 14875, Harris Interactive,
Inc., Question Q705 (August 2001) at
http://www.irss.unc.edu/data_archive/pollsearch.html (last
accessed July 13, 2002).  In a more recent survey, 75 percent
of respondents expressed concern that companies sell personal
information to others without permission, and 89 percent felt that
companies should not disclose personal information without
permission or legal reason.  Electronic Information Center,
Public Opinion on Privacy, Privacy On and Off the Internet:
What Consumers Want, Harris Interactive, Inc. (2002),
at http://www.epic.org/privacy/survey (last accessed July
13, 2002).  87 percent of respondents reported that they had
declined to disclose personal information to a business because
they felt the disclosure of such information was unnecessary or
too personal.  Id.  69 percent expressed concern
that their personal information can be stolen.
Id.  A March 2000 poll revealed that 57 percent of
respondents favored the passage of laws to regulate how personal
information is gathered and used.  Electronic Privacy
Information Center, Public Opinion on Privacy, Business
Week/Harris Poll: A Growing Threat, Business Week Magazine
(2002), at http://www.epic.org/privacy/survey (last
accessed July 13, 2002).  Another survey reported that 90
percent of respondents expressed a desire to control how personal
information is used after collection.  Electronic Privacy
Information Center, Public Opinion on Privacy, The Privacy Best
Practice, Forrester Research (September 1999) in Forrester
Technographics Finds Online Consumers Fearful of Privacy
at http://www.epic.org/privacy/survey (last accessed July
13, 2002).  In yet another study, 60 percent of respondents
expressed concern that another person or organization might use
their Social Security Numbers to harm or embarrass them. The Odum
Institute, Harris 1994 Privacy in the United States Survey,
Study No. 943014, Louis Harris and Associates, Question B2a
(1994) at
http://www.irss.unc.edu/data_archive/pollsearch.html (last
accessed July 13, 2002).
Despite the concerns shared by the vast majority of consumers,
most individuals are unaware--and would likely be shocked to
learn--of the extent to which personal information is collected
and used by various private organizations during the course of
everyday commerce.  Individuals‚ personal information
may be of economic interest to physicians, employers, landlords,
business organizations, insurance companies, and other private
sources, in addition to private investigators and information
brokers.  Petersen, Your Life, at 168.  Due to
developments in technology, private individuals have little power
over the collection and dissemination of vast amounts of personal
information by and to these entities:
as technology becomes more sophisticated,
it becomes easier to detail the lives of
individuals˜their location at any given moment, what
type of groceries they purchased, what books and magazines
they read, where and with whom they travel, and whether they
have ever sued a doctor or filed a worker‚s
compensation claim.  Virtually every activity in every
person‚s life will be recorded in the near future.
Id.
This technological climate makes it nearly impossible for
private individuals to function in modern society without
imparting personal information, either knowingly or
unknowingly.  To participate in day-to-day transactions,
individuals have little choice but to divulge their SSNs, use
non-cash payment methods such as credit cards or debit cards, and
disclose personal information to various private sources.
Individuals often disclose this information unwittingly to sources
that have no legal obligation to protect such information, which
can subsequently be "gathered from many different sources, run
through a computer, and assembled moments later into a complete
and detailed personal dossier on virtually any individual."
Petersen, Your Life at 198.  Individuals have no legal
control over this widespread collection and dissemination of
personal information.
This case demonstrates how this phenomenon causes specific harm
even to a person who attempts to safeguard private
information.  Evidence suggests that Ms. Boyer was
conservative about revealing her personal information.  She
chose not to display her SSN on her driver's license.  (Pl.
Memo. at 3.)  Her name was not included in the household
directory listing.  (Pl. Memo. at 3.)  She held few
credit cards, and subscribed to only one or two magazines.
(Pl. Memo. at 3.)  However, Docusearch and Ms. Gambino
compiled the personal information Ms. Boyer inevitably disclosed
in day-to-day transactions without Ms. Boyer's knowledge or
consent.  Mr. Youens was willing to pay for this information
only because the data enabled him to track down Ms. Boyer.
Docusearch and Ms. Gambino sold this information for their own
commercial profit, and Mr. Youens used Ms. Boyer's virtual
likeness to inflict the gravest possible harm upon her.
Egregious business practices have rendered private individuals
powerless against the private sector's collection of,
dissemination of, and profit from personal
information.   As a result, private individuals require
a means to protect themselves against harm that results from the
industry that has evolved around the gathering and sale of
individuals‚ personal information.  For this reason, New
Hampshire should recognize a cause of action for commercial
appropriation, and should extend protection under this tort to
private individuals whose personal information is sold for
profit.
V. A PERSON WHOSE WORK ADDRESS IS OBTAINED BY A PRIVATE
INVESTIGATOR OR INFORMATION BROKER BY MEANS OF A PRETEXTUAL
TELEPHONE CALL HAS A CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST THE PRIVATE
INVESTIGATOR OR INFORMATION BROKER UNDER THE NEW HAMPSHIRE
CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT.
The New Hampshire Consumer Protection Act protects individuals
from „any unfair method of competition or any unfair or
deceptive act or practice in the conduct of any trade or commerce
within [New Hampshire].‰  N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann.
§ 358-A:2 (2002).
[4]   The protections provided under this
Act are not limited to the consumer in a transaction.
Eastern Mountain Platform Tennis v. Sherwin-Williams Co.,
40 F.3d 492, 497 (1st Cir. 1994).
A. The New Hampshire Consumer Protection Act Is Construed in
Accordance With Federal Trade Commission Precedent.
New Hampshire courts pay great deference to Federal Trade
Commission ("FTC") precedent when construing the New Hampshire
Consumer Protection Act. For example, the New Hampshire Supreme
Court has adopted FTC interpretations of whether conduct is unfair
or deceptive, the hallmark standards of consumer protection
law.  See Milford Lumber Co. v. RBC Realty, 147
N.H. 15, 19 (2001); Chroniak v. Golden Investment Corp.,
983 F.2d 1140, 1146 (1st Cir. 1993); Gautschi v. Auto Body
Discount Ctr., 139 N.H. 457 (1995); Roberts v. General
Motors Corp., 138 N.H. 532 (1994); Rousseau v.
Eshleman, 128 N.H. 564 (1986).  The New Hampshire
Consumer Protection Act itself urges that "in any action or
prosecution under this chapter, the courts may be guided by the
interpretation and construction given . . . the Federal Trade
Commission Act[,] by the Federal Trade Commission and the
federal courts."  N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 358-A:13
(2002).  The New Hampshire Supreme Court should therefore
consider the FTC's position on pretextual phone calls intended to
obtain personal information as they pertain to consumer protection
law.
B. The Federal Trade Commission Has Vigorously Pursued
Information Brokers Who Use Pretexting to Obtain Personal
Financial Information.
The FTC has focused significant attention in the past several
years upon consumer protection concerns stemming from greater
availability of personal information in light of technological
advances.  In 1997, the FTC "conducted and published a study
of computer database services, known as look-up services or
individual reference services, that make available personal
identifying information used to locate and identify people."
Obtaining Confidential Financial Information by Pretexting:
Before the House Comm. on Banking and Financial Services,
106th Cong. (1998) (statement of the Federal Trade
Commission) at
http://www.ftc.gov/os/1998/9807/pretexttes.htm (last accessed July
14, 2002) (hereinafter "FTC Statement").  This analysis
prompted the FTC to work with the computer databases service
industry, which is a subset of the information brokering industry,
to develop a self-regulatory program known as the "Individual
Reference Services Group Principles" ("IRSG Principles") in
1998.  Id.  Thus, the FTC has recognized the
consumer privacy concerns raised by the proliferation of
technology, and the rise of the information brokering
industry.
The FTC recognizes, however, that the IRSG Principles are of
limited utility in combating the collection of personal
information through fraudulent misrepresentation.  In the
context of the computer databases service industry, the FTC
maintains that pretexting is likely an unfair and deceptive
practice within the meaning of consumer protection law:
"Although the Commission encourages industry self-regulation, the
Commission is first and foremost a civil law enforcement agency,
whose mandate is to combat unfair and deceptive practices.
And the practice of obtaining confidential information for
resale under false pretenses appears to be just that˜unfair
and deceptive."  Id. (emphasis added).
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act made pretexting to obtain personal
financial information from financial institutions illegal.
Pub. L. No. 106-112, 113 Stat. 1338 (codified as amended at 15
U.S.C. §§ 6821-6827 (2002)).  The FTC has
energetically pursued violations of this law and, in April 2001,
filed suit in three United States District Courts to stop
information brokers from obtaining personal financial information
through impersonation, false pretenses, or fraudulent
statements.  Information Brokers Settle FTC Charges
at http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2002/03/pretextingsettlements.htm
(last accessed July 16, 2002). All three cases were settled in
March 2002.  Id.  FTC Chairman Timothy J. Muris
indicates that the FTC fully intends to continue prosecuting the
pretexting of personal financial information. Timothy J. Muris,
Protecting Consumers' Privacy: 2002 and Beyond, Remarks at the
Privacy 2001 Conference (October 4, 2001) at
http://www.ftc.gov/speeches/muris/privisp1002.htm (last accessed
July 16, 2002).
C. The Policies Underlying the Federal Trade
Commission‚s Stance Against the Pretexting of Personal
Financial Information Apply Equally Well to the Pretexting of
Other Types of Personal Information.
The FTC has not explicitly extended its anti-pretexting stance
to information brokers who use pretextual phone calls to obtain
non-financial personal information.  Nonetheless, the policy
reasons behind prosecuting the pretexting of personal financial
information apply to other types of sensitive personal
information.
The FTC has determined that pretextual phone calls used to
obtain financial information are probably unfair because such
invasions are likely to cause "substantial injury" to consumers.
FTC Statement.  Furthermore, consumers have no way of knowing
that their personal information has been obtained and sold by an
information broker, and so have no way to avoid the resulting
injury.  Id.  This concern applies equally where
pretexting is used to obtain other types of personal
information.
Personal information does not have to be financial to result in
substantial injury to consumers when misused.  Ms. Boyer
suffered grievous bodily injury at the hands of Mr. Youens as a
result of Ms. Gambino's pretexting of Ms. Boyer"s work
address.  (See Order of Certification at 6.)
Furthermore, Ms. Boyer could take no steps to protect herself
against Mr. Youens because she had no way of knowing that Ms.
Gambino had obtained the address under false pretenses, or that
she had obtained the information for Docusearch, which would then
sell it to Mr. Youens.  Ms. Boyer would never have given her
work address to Ms. Gambino if she had known that Ms. Gambino was
a private investigator or the true reason Ms. Gambino wanted this
information.  For these reasons, this case demonstrates that
the policies behind the FTC‚s prosecution of pretextual phone
calls intended to obtain financial information apply also to
pretextual phone calls intended to obtain other forms of personal
information.
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, we ask that this Court find that:
(1) under these facts, private investigators and information
brokers have a legal duty to act with due care toward the subjects
of their investigations; (2) a private investigator or information
broker may be found liable for intrusion upon seclusion for
obtaining and selling a third-party‚s Social Security Number
without the consent or knowledge of the third-party; (3) a private
investigator or information broker may be held liable for
intrusion upon seclusion for using a pretextual phone call to
obtain a third-party‚s work address for sale to their client;
(4) commercial appropriation is a valid cause of action in New
Hampshire, and a private investigator or information broker may be
held liable under this cause of action for selling the personal
information of a private individual without her knowledge or
consent; and (5) a private investigator or information broker may
be held liable under N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 358-A for use of
pretexting to obtain personal information.
Respectfully submitted,
THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER
Date: July 19, 2002
Chris J. Hoofnagle
D.C. Bar No. 463182
Marc S. Rotenberg
D.C. Bar. No. 422825
David L. Sobel
D.C. Bar No. 360418
Marcia Hofmann
Law Clerk
Will DeVries
Law Clerk
[1]
Docusearch claims to be "as intrusive as
you need us to be, and will investigate the identity, reputation,
conduct, affiliations, associations, movements, and whereabouts of
just about anyone."  Further, they claim to be able to find
"the listed, unlisted numbers of telephones, pagers, cellular
phones and faxes, and even locate lost loves" an approach that
surely appealed to Mr. Youens.  Docusearch Home Page.
[2]
N.H. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 106-F:9 (2002)
states: § 106-F:9. Surety Bond. The
surety bond required by this section shall be so conditioned that
the person bonded shall conduct his or her business in a lawful
and honest manner without committing, compounding, aiding or
abetting the commission of any criminal offense. Said bond shall
be filed with and kept by the secretary of state and shall be
subject to being sued upon by the attorney general of the state in
the name of the state or sued upon by any person injured by a
breach of any condition of such bond designed to protect such
person. The principal sum of the bond shall be $50,000, which
shall be increased by $50,000 for each additional type of license
held by any person licensed under this chapter.
[3]
The main page of defendant's Internet site
claims that Docusearch is America's premier provider of
on-line investigative solutions, though Mr. Cohn is a licensed
private investigator only in Florida.  Docusearch Home Page,
at http://www.docusearch.com (emphasis added); (Order of
Certification at 3).
[4]
New Hampshire Revised Statute §
358-A:2 provides in relevant part: It shall be
unlawful for any person to use any unfair method of competition or
any unfair or deceptive act or practice in the conduct of any
trade or commerce within this state. Such unfair method of
competition or unfair or deceptive act or practice shall include,
but is not limited to, the following:
I. Passing
off goods or services as those of another;
II. Causing
likelihood of confusion or of misunderstanding as to the source,
sponsorship, approval, or certification of goods or services;
III. Causing likelihood of confusion or of
misunderstanding as to affiliation, connection or association
with, or certification by, another;
IV. Using
deceptive representations or designations of geographic origin in
connection with goods or services;
V. Representing
that goods or services have sponsorship, approval,
characteristics, ingredients, uses, benefits, or quantities that
they do not have or that a person has a sponsorship, approval,
status, affiliation, or connection that such person does not
have[.]
RSA 358-A:2 (2002).