http://www.point-of-salesystems.com/about-contact/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – point-of-Sale Systems
Skip to content
point-of-Sale Systems
Menu
Home
About / Contact
POS Qualifications
Charity POS
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Resources
Getting Started Retail POS
Get Started Hospitality POS
Useful Information
Products
Retail POS
Hospitality POS
Salon POS
Multi-Location POS
Integrated Web Stores
Hardware Accessories
Custom Plastics Gifts Cards
Paper & Labels
POS Cleaning Supplies
Services
Configuration, Install & Train
Credit Card Processing
POS Financing
Marketing Services
Web Site Build & Host
Software Development
Payroll Services
Accounting & Tax
Privacy Policy
Point-of-Sale Systems.com Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 20, 2011
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies. Sometimes, we may post product specific privacy notices or Help Center materials to explain our products in more detail.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at:
Privacy Matters
c/o Point-of-Sale Systems.Com
6601 Center Drive West, 5th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90045
Information we collect and how we use it
We may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for a Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Account , we ask you for personal information . We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Point-of-Sale Systems.Com services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information. You can use the Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Dashboard to learn more about the information associated with your Account. If you are using Point-of-Sale Systems.Com services in conjunction with your Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Apps Account, Point-of-Sale Systems.Com provides such services in conjunction with or on behalf of your domain administrator . Your administrator will have access to your account information including your email. Consult your domain administrator’s privacy policy for more information.
Cookies – When you visit Point-of-Sale Systems.Com, we send one or more cookiesto your computer or other device. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Point-of-Sale Systems.Com also uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web and on Point-of-Sale Systems.Com services.
Log information – When you access Point-of-Sale Systems.Com services via a browser, application or other client our servers automatically record certain information. These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
User communications – When you send email or other communications to Point-of-Sale Systems.Com, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. When you send and receive SMS messages to or from one of our services that provides SMS functionality, we may collect and maintain information associated with those messages, such as the phone number, the wireless carrier associated with the phone number, the content of the message, and the date and time of the transaction. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our services.
Affiliated Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Services on other sites – We offer some of our services on or through other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to Point-of-Sale Systems.Com in order to deliver the service. We process such information under this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Applications – Point-of-Sale Systems.Com may make available third party applications, such as gadgets or extensions, through its services. The information collected by Point-of-Sale Systems.Com when you enable a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to Point-of-Sale Systems.Com services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results, sites that include Point-of-Sale Systems.Com applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services (including advertising services) and develop new services; and
Protect the rights or property of Point-of-Sale Systems.Com or our users.
If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
Point-of-Sale Systems.Com processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information outside your own country.
Choices
You can use the Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Dashboard to review and control the information stored in your Point-of-Sale Systems.Com Account.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Point-of-Sale Systems.Com features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Information sharing
Point-of-Sale Systems.Com only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Point-of-Sale Systems.Com in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Point-of-Sale Systems.Com, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Point-of-Sale Systems.Com becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to Point-of-Sale Systems.Com employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use Point-of-Sale Systems.Com services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems. Please review the service Help Centers for more information.
Enforcement
Point-of-Sale Systems.Com adheres to the US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor Program .
Point-of-Sale Systems.Com regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, it is Point-of-Sale Systems.Com’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Point-of-Sale Systems.Com and an individual.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Search for:
© 2020 point-of-Sale Systems • Built with GeneratePress