https://www.uniware.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Uniware Pty Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Uniware Pty Ltd when you use this website. Uniware Pty Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Uniware Pty Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st January 2020.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Contact information including your email address
Industry and Organisation name
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products/services
We may contact you towards or at the end of your software expiration date in regards to the satisfaction of software performance and gauge interest levels of purchasing the professional or enterprise package of the Uniware forms Service & Designer
We may provide you with information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
We may contact you by email, phone, fax or physical address if needed.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Disclaimer
In no event shall Uniware Pty Ltd or any of its affiliates be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorised use, performance or non-performance of this software or trial software, even if Uniware Pty Ltd has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether such damages arise in the contract, negligence, tort under statue, in equity, at law or otherwise.
All material in the website is true and correct at time of upload to the Internet, but is subject to change without warning. Uniware Pty Ltd will endeavour to inform customers of any changes to company products/services and keep this Web site up to date.
This website may contain advice, opinions, and statements of various content writers. Reliance upon such opinion, advice, statement, or other information shall be at a User’s own risk. Neither Uniware Pty Ltd, nor any of its content writers shall be liable to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, timeliness, completeness, deletion, defect, failure of performance, computer virus, communication line failure, alteration of, or use of any content herein, regardless of cause, for any damages resulting therefrom.
As a condition of use of this website, user(s) agrees to indemnify Uniware Pty Ltd from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses arising out of User’s use of this Site, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach of use. A user’s sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this website and all software.
123
Call Now Button