http://www.primeview.com/privacy-policy/
Peter Liefer II, President and CEO, established PrimeView in 1996 with the goal to help his clients create an interactive website and help them build a successful online relationship with their customers.
Learn more about the company
News
Careers
Blog
Testimonials
Write A Review
Peter Liefer II
President and CEO,
established PrimeView in 1996
Web Design
Web Design
INDIVIDUAL WEBSITE DESIGN CATERED TO SPECIFIC CLIENT GOALS
PrimeView works with each of its clients to brainstorm, develop, and create an individualized website design catered to specific client goals. After a complete analysis of the client's business, our experienced design team works to produce an effective website design that will stand out from the rest.
Web Development
PrimeView develops websites that stand out among a sea of competitors. We make it easier for you to interact with your customers and achieve a higher return on investment.
Process
Designing an award-winning website requires a thought-out online strategy. Our savvy design team focuses on reaching your business goals: from attracting visitors to buy products, to getting the public to understand your brand.
User Experience
User experience involves the careful design of a website's usability. We scrutinize all elements of design from a user's perspective to ensure that we provide your business an attractive site that is easy to use and understand.
Ecommerce Web Design
Ecommerce Web Design
OPTIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS CAPABILITIES BY INVESTING IN ECOMMERCE
E-commerce is a way of doing business virtually through the internet and secure networks. But aside from doing convenient paperless transactions,
e-commerce is also an effective means of broadcasting what your brand is all about and how it can help people through the different products or services you offer.
Get Started withMAGENTO
Magento leverages modular building options to provide online businesses flexibility with customization and integration. Packed with useful built-in features and limitless possibilities, Magento is an exceptional platform that satisfies online shopping preferences.
Get Started withWOOCOMMERCE
WooCommerce is WordPress plugin that adds e-commerce functionality to your WordPress website. Favored by small and medium-scale businesses, the platform offers a variety of plug-ins that simplify customization and improve your online store’s capabilities.
Get Started withSHOPIFY
Shopify is a premium e-commerce platform that allows online marketers to design, develop, and market products on a global scale. Complete with custom domains and hundreds of templates ready for use, Shopify makes it easy to establish your brand online.
SEO
Local SEO
Local Search Engine Optimization works similarly with traditional SEO. However, the difference lies in the results they generate. Traditional SEO works at providing trusted and high-quality content, whereas Local SEO aims to present results that are geographically relevant to the searcher.
National SEO
National SEO is a long-term investment that focuses less on ranking for specific geographic areas and more on ranking for broad keywords. Although similar to local SEO, National SEO is more competitive. The right strategy can extend your reach across continents and greatly expand your customer base.
Ecommerce Marketing
Our advanced e-commerce marketing solutions are customized to fit your specific business needs. From raising awareness about product offerings to driving sales and optimizing the user experience to convert more shoppers — these are the indispensable components of our strategy.
Content Writing
Great online content is error-free, written in a professional but conversational style, and uses the language your target customers use. Content writing is any business' formidable edge. It engages your audience with the right information and empowers them to invest in your business.
Digital Marketing
Social Media Marketing
Social media can be a powerful tool for product or service promotion. Tactical social networking and social sharing linking strategies will help your company receive extensive exposure, driving overall sales to the next level.
Pay Per Click (PPC) Advertising
A PPC campaign is one of the most powerful marketing tools on the internet. When done correctly, it is a strategic way to attract visits to your website. PPC is easy to set-up and track, which allows you to make modifications along the way.
Video Marketing
Video marketing accomplishes all the work that traditional marketing does, but with amplified effects. Video distribution to sites like YouTube is one of the fastest ways to advertise your business today.
Reputation Management
Any business will have negative reviews or media coverage at some point. Our reputation management service actively monitors the internet for content that is potentially damaging. A proactive solution to the issue is recommended and provided.
Website Management
Website Hosting
Proper upkeep allows your website to stay competitive on the web. Our hosting and maintenance services are not only robust, but we also ensure a smooth, stable, and positive user experience.
Website Maintenance
First impressions matter and we can help you make a good one with our cost-effective website maintenance plans. Focused on meeting daily or periodic maintenance needs, we can help your website look as pristine as the first day it launched.
Ecommerce Support
Need a specialists to help you implement a new feature or customizing a theme or solutions for other issues? Maybe you need answers to technical questions about an item's features. Our support team is ready to help improve your online store and can quickly identify and fix any issue.
Get a Free Quote
Free Website QuoteFree SEO QuoteTalk to Us
Portfolio
Our Clients
Industries We Serve
About
News
Careers
Blog
Web Design
Process
eCommerce Design
Magento
WooCommerce
Shopify
SEO
Local SEO
National SEO
Ecommerce Marketing
Content Writing
Digital Marketing
Social Media Marketing
Pay Per Click (PPC) Advertising
Video Marketing
Website Management
Website Maintenance
Website Hosting
GET A FREE QUOTE
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which PrimeView collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.primeview.com  website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by PrimeView.
PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
PrimeView may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
The information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
PrimeView has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
PrimeView
https://www.primeview.com/
1717 N 77th St #4
Scottsdale, AZ 85257
480-800-4688
Let's Talk about your business
I consent this site to collect my Information.
This form collects your information so that we can correspond with you. Please check our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
What Onpage SEO issues keep your website from ranking better on Search Engines such as Google? Identify them with our Free SEO Site Audit Report!
Contact Person:
Email:
Site Url:
I consent this site to collect my Information.
This form collects your information so that we can correspond with you. Please check our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
Clientele PORTFOLIO (Footer)
Let’s Talk about your business (Footer)
Let's Talk about your business
At PrimeView, our team of Arizona web design and development professionals really love what we do. It gives us a great sense of pride to see our client’s businesses reap the rewards of our efforts. An exquisite, stunning website combined with our digital marketing services can take your company to the top. Why not contact us today and talk to us about your business!
I consent this site to collect my Information.
This form collects your information so that we can correspond with you. Please check our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
© 2020 PrimeView. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1717 N 77th St #4 Scottsdale, AZ 85257 | 480-970-4688
Help
Terms
Company Info
User Data Privacy
PrimeView will be closed on September 2, 2019 in observance of Labor Day
Recent Posts
NVMe Hosting – The Best Solution for Your Website
Why You Should Have an Ecommerce Website
Want to ‘Play’ in California? You Need CCPA Compliance
Digital Marketing for Dentists
Why Does Page Speed Matter?
Top Categories
Blog (225)
Digital Marketing (49)
E-commerce (26)
Web Design and Development (23)
user experience (19)
Top Tags
Digital Marketing (86)
seo (63)
Web Design (38)
Content Marketing (31)
Branding (28)