https://www.munichre.com/automation-solutions/en/general/privacy-statement.html
Home
Privacy Statement to Public
We at Munich Re Automation Solutions Limited (“Munich Re”) are committed to respecting your privacy and recognise your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information that you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address and telephone number). That is why Munich Re has established this Privacy Statement, so that together with our Terms of Use, you can understand how we use your information and the care with which we intend to treat your information.
Munich Re Automation Solutions Limited is an Irish company registered with company number 112449 and with an address at Mountain View, Central Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 X9R6, Ireland.
Our email address is: AutomationSolutionsMarketing@munichre.com
In general, you can visit www.munichre.com/automation-solutions (the “website”) without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Any information that you volunteer to Munich Re shall be processed in accordance with applicable data protection laws including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (hereafter GDPR). When you visit our website, we will not collect personal data from you except where you agree to provide us with your personal data. When you visit our website, we may track the Internet address of the domains (e.g. i.e., .com, .org) from which people visit us and analyse this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous.
Cookies
Our website is operated by Munich Reinsurance Company. You will therefore find information on the use of cookies in the relevant data protection declaration. Please click here.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website, subscribing to our services, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our website.
If you contact or correspond with us, we may keep a record of that correspondence including your name, e-mail address and contact details.
We (or our representatives) may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our website including, but not limited to, traffic data, and other communication data and the resources that you access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you or if you are registered for services or with the website/us in the following ways:
To reply to your queries.
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To send you our quarterly newsletter which contains thought-pieces from Munich Re and leading industry specialists. (Please note that you can unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained in the newsletter.)
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by post, telephone or electronic means (e-mail or SMS).
If you are an existing customer or if you register with the website, we or our data processors may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you by post, telephone or electronic means.
If you are a new customer or if you register with the website, and where we permit selected third parties or our data processors to use your data, we (or they) may contact you by post, telephone or electronic means as set out in this Privacy Statement or if you have consented to this.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, your consent may be withdrawn at any time by contacting us   at: AutomationSolutionsMarketing@munichre.com.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal data to any member of the Munich Re group and to our data processors providing services on our behalf in connection with the processing of your data or providing you with services and/or information.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Munich Re or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Munich Re, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including Australia and countries in Asia, for processing and storage purposes. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps required by the GDPR to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password or other login details with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features, which we review on a regular basis, to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Transfers Abroad
To the extent that we store personal data outside the EEA, we will implement appropriate measures to comply with our obligations under the applicable law required for such data transfers. Transfers of data to non-EEA countries may only take place where appropriate safeguards are in place and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available:
Adequacy Decision. Where the level of data protection has been confirmed by an adequacy decision of the European Commission.
Consent. Where you have explicity consented to the transfer after having been informed of the possible risks of such transfers for the data subject due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards.
Established Safeguards. Where we have established that the processor has provided appropriate safeguards, and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available.
Binding Corporate Rules. Where we into a contract containing Binding Corporate Rules approved by the Data Protection Commissioner.
Standard Contractual Clauses. Where we enter a contract containing Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission.
Your rights
Under the GDPR you have the following rights with respect to the personal data that we hold:
Right of Access – to be informed whether your personal data has been or is being processed by or on behalf of Munich Re and to make a request for information in relation to same;
Right to Information - to access information around the processing or your personal data including the purpose/s of processing and the categories of personal data concerned;
Right to Rectification - to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate;
Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten) - to have your personal data removed or deleted;
Right to Restrict Processing - to restrict processing where personal data is inaccurate or the processing is unlawful;
Right to Data Portability – where the processing of your personal data is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable and interoperable format, and to have your data transmitted by us to another controller. This right applies where you have provided the data on the basis of your consent or the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract;
Right to Object – to object to the processing of your personal data;
Right in Relation to Automated Decision Making and Profiling.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights or should you have any queries or complaints in relation to our collection and/or processing of your data or this Privacy Statement, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by e-mail at: mras-dataprotection@munichre.com
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Statement in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and are actively involved and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Personal data privacy is an evolving area and Munich Re is evolving to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us at: Mountain View, Central Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 X9R6, Ireland or AutomationSolutionsMarketing@munichre.com.
We will address any issue to the best of our abilities. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes at any time. You can also exercise this right  by contacting us at: Mountain View, Central Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 X9R6, Ireland or by sending us an email: AutomationSolutionsMarketing@munichre.com.
Copyright © 2020 Munich Re Automation Solutions Limited, Registered Address: Mountain View, Central Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 X9R6, Ireland. Registered in Dublin, Ireland. Registration Number: 112449.
Feedback
We welcome your comments on this website which you can send to us at revolution@munichre.com
Contact us
Reset all filters
results
Load next results