https://www.lifopro.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Copied
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.lifopro.com.
At LIFO-PRO, Inc, we want to provide you with the best possible Web browsing experience. Part of that experience is the security of knowing that any information you give us will remain private. We go to great lengths to ensure your privacy within any given part of our site.
If personal information is required for any reason, that information will be used solely by LIFO-PRO, Inc. This information can only be taken if you voluntarily choose to give it to us. At no time will we sell personal information, or make it otherwise available to any third party companies.
While we may maintain mailing lists at certain times, names will never be added to these lists without your permission. This applies to both postal mail and e-mail, including newsletters, updates and general information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Subscribe Today
Sign up today to receive industry news & promotional offers from LIFO-PRO
Sign Up
https://www.lifopro.com/privacy/