https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/fraud-report/
Menu
Download Firefox
Firefox Privacy Notice
Get a Firefox Account
Firefox Browsers
Close Firefox Browsers menu
Firefox for Desktop
Get the not-for-profit-backed browser on Windows, Mac or Linux.
Firefox for Android
Get the customizable mobile browser for Android smartphones.
Firefox for iOS
Get the mobile browser for your iPhone or iPad.
Privacy Promise
Learn how Firefox treats your data with respect.
Firefox Blog
Read about new Firefox features and ways to stay safe online.
Release Notes
Get the details on the latest Firefox updates.
View all Firefox Browsers
Products
Close Products menu
Firefox Monitor
See if your email has appeared in a company’s data breach.
Facebook Container
Help prevent Facebook from collecting your data outside their site.
Pocket
Save and discover the best stories from across the web.
Mozilla VPN
Get protection beyond your browser, on all your devices.
Product Promise
Learn how each Firefox product protects and respects your data.
Firefox Relay (beta)
Sign up for new accounts without handing over your email address.
Firefox Private Network (beta)
Protect your browser’s connection to the internet.
View all Products
Who We Are
Close Who We Are menu
Mozilla Manifesto
Learn about the values and principles that guide our mission.
Mozilla Foundation
Meet the not-for-profit behind Firefox that stands for a better web.
Get involved
Join the fight for a healthy internet.
Leadership
Meet the team that’s building technology for a better internet.
Careers
Work for a mission-driven organization that makes people-first products.
Mozilla Blog
Learn about Mozilla and the issues that matter to us.
More About Mozilla
Innovation
Close Innovation menu
Mozilla Hubs
Gather in this interactive, online, multi-dimensional social space.
Firefox Developer Edition
Get the Firefox browser built just for developers.
MDN Web Docs
Check out the home for web developer resources.
Firefox Reality
Explore the web with the Firefox browser for virtual reality.
Common Voice
Donate your voice so the future of the web can hear everyone.
WebAssembly
Learn more about the new, low-level, assembly-like language.
More Mozilla Innovation
Violating Website Report
Back to Legal
Protect the Fox (and More!)
Help us safeguard Mozilla’s trademarks by reporting misuse.
The Firefox name or logo on a product or webpage tells you that you are getting a free, high quality, open source browser that has been tested and released by Mozilla. In order to make sure others are not using our trademarks to mislead users into downloading malware, paying for the software, or providing personal information, we need your help.
Please use this form to report any websites or mobile app stores that are:
Distributing harmful products under Mozilla brands such as Firefox.
Charging for Firefox, Thunderbird, or any of the Mozilla products.
Collecting personal information as a condition to download any of the Mozilla software (registration requirement).
Using the Mozilla trademarks to mislead the public into thinking the site is an official Mozilla site or sponsored by Mozilla.
Distributing modified versions of Firefox, or any of our Mozilla software, and still using the trademark. Note: anyone may modify Mozilla software, but once modified, it may no longer use Mozilla trademark(s) (e.g. be called Firefox) without a license.
Using the Mozilla trademarks (including logos) in any other way that violates our Trademark Policy (e.g. trademark is modified or used for commercial purposes).
Thank you for your help!
Fraud Report
URL
The URL of the violating website. e.g. http://offendingsite.com/
Category
Charging for software
Collecting personal information
Domain name violation
Logo misuse/modification
Distributing modified Firefox/malware
Leave this field empty.
Product
Firefox
SeaMonkey
Thunderbird
Other Mozilla Product/Project (specify)
Name a more specific product, if needed
Please provide additional details
Attachment
Images only. Maximum file size is 5 MB.
Attachment Description
Please describe what you are attaching.
Email address (optional)
If you choose to provide it, your email address will only be used to contact you about this report. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information.
Send Report