http://www.wiserhosting.com/privacy-policy.html
Client AreaShopping Cart
Hosting Services
Domains
Pricing & Availability
Buy a Domain
Transfer Domain
About Domains
Buy Multiple Domains
Transfer Multiple Domains
Support
Support Portal
Announcements
Support Tickets
System Status
System Status News
Server Status Monitor
Twitter Status Updates
Contact Us
Contact Details
Contact Form
Order Now
Domain names
Extra Tech Support
WiserHosting Privacy Policy
WiserHosting Privacy Policy
The policy: This privacy policy notice is for this website www.wiserhosting.com / client.wiserhosting.com and served by WiserHosting, Rabbit Hole Office, 47 Punchards Down, Totnes, Devon TQ9 5FD and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the business, WiserHosting / Now Enterprise.
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful basis.
Lawful basis: Legitimate interests
The reason we use this basis: Customer support and billing communications
We process your information in the following ways: Sending billing notices and support communications via email
Data retention period: Until removal is requested by account-holder
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data. We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website. Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Cookies that we use are:
PHPSESSID
tk_lr
tk_or
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Contact Us
Email: support@wiserhosting.comCopyright © 2002-2020 WiserHostingAll prices shown exclude V.A.T. at 20%V.A.T. Registration GB 913 3041 68