http://www.telsis.com/legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Internet cookies
Marketo
Data security and protection
Terms of use
Glossary:
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy notice is for www.telsis.com and served by Telsis Communication Services Limited and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing/using this website. We promise any information which is processed is done so confidentially and no information is passed on to third parties.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device/computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display or to keep you logged into the website where applicable.
Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options. Cookies that we use are “Marketo”.
Marketo
This website uses Marketo, a web analytics service. Marketo uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Marketo on servers.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Terms of use
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Glossary:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the business, Telsis Communication Services Limited
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
This website uses cookies. By clicking "Accept" you agree with our privacy policy.
Legal