http://www.ihouseweb.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This privacy policy applies to the iHOUSEweb, Inc website and other Internet-accessible iHOUSEweb, Inc services. Please note that this policy applies only to iHOUSEweb, Inc websites, and not to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link from our products.How We Use Your InformationYour information once collected is never sold, traded or bartered with any third party companies. The information you supply to us is used by our staff and trusted partners only.Information About YouAdditionally, we may specifically ask for information about you when you sign up to use a service, or when you request information. We will need certain information — such as name, email address etc., in order to provide that service or information to you. We may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested. We may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but you may always choose to respond or not. We also use cookies or server-side session technology in order to improve your experience, including to remember your preferences or customized settings when you use iHOUSEweb, Inc websites and its related services, and to authenticate your access to your personal information.Information About All iHOUSEweb, Inc VisitorsIn general, our websites automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to iHOUSEweb, Inc websites. We only use such data in the aggregate. This aggregate data helps us determine how much our clients use parts of the website, so we can improve our website to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. For example, iHOUSEweb, Inc uses a technology called “cookies” that tells us how and when pages in our website are visited, and by how many people; the use of cookies is an industry standard and is practiced by most major Web sites. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through these cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are.Advertising and RemarketingWe use the Google AdWords Remarketing service to show our advertisements on websites across the Internet via the Google Display network. AdWords Remarketing may serve advertisements based on the pages of iHOUSEweb.com that you visited as recorded by a cookie in your web browser. The cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device. The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that “This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.” This allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. If you do not wish to see Remarketing ads from iHOUSEweb.com or any other advertiser, you can opt out Google's use of cookies for ad personalization here: http://www.google.com/settings/adsOur Commitment to Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We periodically review and update these security measures. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent (100%) secure. As a result, although we strive to protect a visitor’s personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or from our online products or services, and visitor does so at his/her own risk.Our Commitment to Children’s PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, and to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under the age of thirteen (13), and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under the age of thirteen (13). Questions regarding the above statement should be directed to info@ihouseweb.com.Your Acceptance of This PolicyYour use of this website and Services offered by iHOUSEweb, Inc will constitute acknowledgment of and agreement to this policy and Terms of Service. iHOUSEweb, Inc may revise this policy in part or in full at any time without notice to the client. If you do not agree to this policy, do not use the iHOUSEweb, Inc Service.