http://www.sanderson.com/terms-conditions?hsLang=en-us
About
Contact
+ 44 (0)333 123 1400
info@sanderson.com
Industries
Multi-Channel Retail
Wholesale Distribution, Cash & Carry
Manufacturing & Engineering
Food & Drink Processing
Warehousing
Logistics
Software
Multi-Channel Retail Software
Food & Drink ERP Software
Wholesale Distribution Software
Manufacturing ERP/MRP Software
Warehouse Management Software
Transport Management Software
Resources
Customers
News & Events
Blog
Our terms and conditions for this website
Please review the following terms and conditions carefully before using this Website.
We, Sanderson Group plc and its subsidiary companies, its immediate holding company and its ultimate holding company ("We" or "Sanderson Ltd") welcome you to this website ("Website").
The following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") set out the rules for using our Website. By accessing this page and using the Website you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by and comply with the Terms and Conditions.
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
[If you purchase goods from our site, our terms and conditions of supply will apply to any sales.]
We may make changes to these terms
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice by posting changes on the Website. It is your responsibility to familiarise yourself with the Terms and Conditions regularly to ensure that you read any changes. Your continued use of the Website after a change has been posted will signify your acceptance of the modified Terms and Conditions.
We may make changes to the Website
We may update and change our Website from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users' needs and our business priorities.
We may suspend or withdraw our Website
The Website is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that the Website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of the Website for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and Conditions and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
[the Website is only for users in [England OR the UK]]
The Website is directed to people residing in [England OR the United Kingdom]. We do not represent that content available on or through the Website is appropriate for use or available in other locations.
If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions please do not use this Web Site.
1. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
The Website is a site operated by Sanderson Group and its subsidiary companies. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04968444 and have our registered office at Sanderson House, Manor Road, Coventry CV1 2GF. Our main trading address is Sanderson Group Ltd, Sanderson House, Manor Road, Coventry CV1 2GF Our VAT number is GB 792 4037 20
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please email marketing@sanderson.com or telephone our customer service line on 0333 123 1403
USE OF THE WEB SITE
Sanderson, the Sanderson logo, Formul8, Swords, Mailbrain, and other Sanderson products referenced in the Website are trademarks of Sanderson Ltd ("Sanderson Logos"), and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. All other product names, company names, marks, logos, and symbols ("Third Party Logos") may be the trademarks of third parties.
All materials provided on this Website, including but not limited to information, documents, products, Sanderson Logos, Third Party Logos, logos, graphics, texts, text files, video files, sounds, images, software, and services ("Materials"), are owned either by Sanderson or by third parties ("Third Party Providers"). Those Materials are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You must not use the Website in any way that may infringe the Intellectual Property Rights in the Materials. ("Intellectual Property Rights" means copyright and all other intellectual property rights whether or not registered including patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, design rights, rights in any format or presentation (including its look, feel, visual or other non-literal elements), any applications for the protection or registration of these rights and all renewals and extensions of them throughout the world.) This means that none of the Materials or any part of this Website may be adapted, copied, extracted, reutilised, reproduced, broadcast, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or retransmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronically, mechanically by photocopying or by recording without the prior express written permission of Sanderson or the appropriate Third-Party Provider.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our Website for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our Website.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any Materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our Website must always be acknowledged.
Also, you may not reproduce or copy any part of this Website onto any other server without the prior express written permission of Sanderson. Except where expressly provided otherwise by Sanderson, nothing on this Website shall be construed to confer any licence of Sanderson or any Third-Party Provider's Intellectual Property Rights, and you acknowledge sole responsibility for obtaining any such licences.
Sanderson does not provide, sell, license, or lease any of the Materials other than those specifically identified as being provided by Sanderson. Materials provided by Third Party Providers have not been independently reviewed, tested, certified, or authenticated in whole or in part by Sanderson.
This Web Site is designed to provide information only, and is not designed to carry out any commercial transactions.
2. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES
This Website may contain links to websites controlled by parties other than Sanderson. Sanderson is not responsible for, does not control, does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or appropriateness of the content of, or use of these third-party websites. Sanderson cannot be held responsible for such content, or from any detrimental impact which you may suffer, or for any processing errors or viruses that may arise from access to such third-party websites. Sanderson is providing these links to you only as a convenience and for your information only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Sanderson of the linked website or of information you may obtain from them. Use of third party websites by you is done so entirely at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature.
These Terms and Conditions do not apply to any third-party website linked to the Website or any other Sanderson websites. You should read and accept the terms and conditions of those websites before using them and direct any questions or comments about the linked website's contents to the relevant website provider.
3. RESTRICTION OF SOFTWARE USE
Any software that may be made available to download from this Website ("Software") is owned by Sanderson or Third-Party Providers. Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user licence agreement that accompanies or is included with the Software ("Licence Agreement"). An end user agrees to the Licence Agreement terms by installing, copying, or using the Software. The Software is made available for downloading solely for use by end users according to the Licence Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the copying or reproduction of the Software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the Licence Agreement is expressly prohibited.
The Software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the Licence Agreement. Except as may be expressly warranted in the Licence Agreement, Sanderson shall have no other liability whatsoever whether in contract, tort or otherwise as regards the quality or fitness for purpose of the Software and all other representations, conditions, warranties and terms in respect thereof whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise are excluded save to the extent that the same are not capable of exclusion at law.
4. OFFENSIVE MATERIAL
Where you are given the facility to enter information onto, or communicate via, the Website Sanderson requires you to conduct yourself in a lawful and civil manner. You agree to use the Website for lawful purposes only and that you may not use or allow others to use the Website to:
4.1 store, reproduce, transmit, communicate or knowingly receive any material which is offensive, racist, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing;
4.2 post or transmit any material that you do not have worldwide copyright ownership or full permission from the copyright owner or similar;
4.3 post, transmit or link to any sexually explicit material;
4.4 impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with anyone or any entity;
4.5 post or transmit statements that are intentionally false or misleading;
4.6 post or transmit any advertising, promotional materials or other forms of solicitation;
4.7 collect or store any personal information about an individual;
4.8 enter into personal correspondence with any individual with the purpose of offering them a service or product; or
4.9 post or transmit any material which suggests or encourages illegal activities.
Sanderson may remove any material submitted to the Website in our sole discretion, or when requested to do so by any person, that we believe infringes these Terms and Conditions.
As a user of the Website you warrant that any material submitted, or contributions made by you will comply with the standards set out above and you will be liable to us and indemnify Sanderson against all costs, claims, liability, expenses (including legal expenses) damages and losses which may be incurred by Sanderson as a result of your breach of warranty whether arising under contract, tort, statute or otherwise.
Any content you upload to our Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the paragraph below.
Rights you are giving us to use material you upload
When you upload or post content to our Website, you grant us the following rights to use that content:
LICENCES GRANTED TO THE WEBSITE OWNER.
LICENCES GRANTED TO OTHER USERS OF THE SITE OR TO THIRD PARTIES.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our Website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our Website if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
5. DISCLAIMER
Except where expressly provided otherwise by Sanderson, the Materials on this Website are provided "as is", are experimental, and are for non-commercial use only. Sanderson cannot be held responsible for any damage that results from the use of the information provided on the Website, and shall have no liability whatsoever whether in contract, tort or otherwise as regards the quality or fitness for purpose of the Materials or any Software, the accuracy, completeness, or truth of any of the information contained in the Website or for any reliance placed by any person on the information in the Website, and all other representations, guaranties, conditions, warranties and terms in respect thereof whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise are hereby excluded save to the extent that the same are not capable of exclusion at law.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Terms and conditions of supply.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our Website or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our Website; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our Website.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, data or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation;
any damage suffered by you as a result of an action brought by a third party arising from any use, or inability to use, any Material; or
loss or damage to you, or any third-party's data or records or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our Website for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
You have sole responsibility for the adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with the Website and you will not make a claim against Sanderson for lost data, re-run time, inaccurate output, work delays, or lost profits resulting from the use of the materials.
Save in respect of death, personal injury or fraud, Sanderson Ltd shall not be liable to you for any of the following (whether or not you were advised of, or knew of, the possibility of such losses) whether arising from any claim under any tort including negligence, for breach of contract, for misrepresentation (other than fraudulent misrepresentation), intellectual property infringement, under any statute or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the use of the Web Site including without limitation:
7. HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.
LOCAL LAWS
Sanderson controls and operates this Website from its headquarters in the UK on behalf of Sanderson and makes no representation that these Materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations although it takes reasonable steps to ensure it is appropriate for countries in which Sanderson has a legal presence. Our Privacy Policy contains further information relating to this.
If you use this Website from locations outside the UK, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including but not limited to the export and import regulations of other countries. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this Website are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in the UK. You acknowledge and agree that the use of this Website and the use of the Materials are subject to UK laws and regulations.
8. GENERAL
This Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors and Sanderson do not give any warranty that the Website will be available at all times or will be free from interruption or error.
Sanderson and the Third-Party Providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, programs, and prices described in this Website at any time without notice.
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Disputes arising in relation to the same shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
These Terms and Conditions represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and supersede all other statements, representations or warranties (whether written, email or oral) made by Sanderson. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect the liability of either party in respect of any misrepresentation, warranty or condition that it makes fraudulently.
Any rights not expressly granted in these terms and conditions are reserved by Sanderson.
Get in touch to let us know how we can help, call us on +44 (0)333 123 1400
Have a question? Let us answer it for you today.
Sanderson Retail, Manufacturing & Supply Chain Logistics Software
Industries
Multi-Channel Retail
Wholesale, Cash & Carry
Manufacturing & Engineering
Food & Drink Processing
Warehousing
Logistics
Software
Multi-Channel Retail Software
Wholesale Distribution Software
Food & Drink Processing ERP Software
Manufacturing ERP/MRP Software
Warehouse Management Software
Transport Management Software
Resources
News & Events
About Us
Contact
Customers
Multi-Channel Retail
Manufacturing & Engineering
Wholesale
Customer Support
Sanderson
Sanderson House, Manor Rd, Coventry West Midlands CV1 2GF, UK
Tel: +44 (0)333 123 1400 | Fax: +44 (0)333 123 1401 | Email: info@sanderson.com
Sanderson is an Aptean Company. Sanderson © 2019 | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Legal