http://www.epic.org/privacy/boyer/
The Amy Boyer Case Resmburg v. Docusearch
"It's actually obsene [sic] what you can find out about people
on the Internet."
--Liam Youens, the man who used Docusearch to locate
and kill Amy Boyer.
Case
History
| Law
| Legal
Materials
| News
and Resources
Top News
NH Supreme Court: Information Sellers May Be Liable for Amy Boyer's
Death. The New Hampshire Supreme Court has held
that information brokers and private investigators can be liable for the
harms caused by selling personal information. In the case, a young woman
was murdered by a stalker who obtained her personal information from information
brokers and private investigators. EPIC submitted an amicus
brief in the case supporting greater privacy protections against pretextual
calling and the sale of Social Security Numbers. (Feb.
18, 2003)
Case History On July 29, 1999, Liam Youens contacted Docusearch, an internet-based investigation
and information service, and requested the date of birth of Amy Lynn Boyer,
a woman Youens had been obsessed with since the two attended high school together.
Youens later contacted Docusearch to request Boyer's social security number
(SSN) and employment information. Docusearch was unable to provide Boyer's
date of birth, but obtained her SSN from a credit reporting agency as part
of a credit header and provided it to Youens for $45. Docusearch obtained Boyer's work address by having a subcontractor, Michelle
Gambino, place a "pretext" call to Boyer. Gambino lied about who she was and
the purpose of her call in order to convince Boyer to reveal her employment
information--Gambino pretended to be affiliated with Boyer's insurance company,
and requested "verification" of Boyer's work address in order to facilitate
an overpayment refund. Docusearch charged Youens $109 for this information. On October 15, 1999, Youens drove to Boyer's workplace and fatally shot her
as she left work. He then committed suicide. A subsequent police investigation
revealed that Youens kept firearms and ammunition in his bedroom, and maintained
a website containing
references to stalking and killing Boyer, as well as detailing plans to murder
her entire family. Amy Boyer's mother sued Docusearch and the individual private investigators
that worked with Youens for wrongful death; invasion of privacy through intrusion
upon seclusion; invasion of privacy through commercial appropriation of private
information; violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act; and violation of
the New Hampshire Consumer Protection Act. EPIC submitted an amicus
brief arguing that Docusearch should be liable under all claims.
Pretexting Pretexting is the practice of collecting information about a person using
false pretenses. Typically, investigators pretext by calling family members
or coworkers of the victim under the pretense of some official purpose.
This can include calls made under the pretense that the victim is about
to receive a sweepstakes award or insurance payment. The family members
or coworkers called are deceived by the pretexter, and provide personal
information on the victim. Certain types of pretexting were prohibited by a 1999 law (the Financial
Services Modernization Act, which is also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act or GLBA). The GLBA prohibits pretext calls made to financial, brokerage,
or insurance companies. But investigators still can call friends, relatives,
or entities not covered by the GLBA under false pretenses in order to gain
information on the victim. For more information on pretexting, see EPIC's Gender
and Electronic Privacy Page.
Law Tort Claims Wrongful Death. A successful wrongful death claim requires
breach of a duty owed to the victim by the defendant, resulting in the wrongful
death. Specifically, it would require that Docusearch owe a duty to Amy Boyer
not to disclose her private, sensitive, personal information for other than
legitimate purposes without her knowledge or consent. Amy Boyer's estate alleges
that Docusearch reasonably should have known of the potential danger to Amy
Boyer of its unauthorized disclosure of her personal information to Youens.
Invasion of Privacy Claims. Invasion of Privacy torts require that
the plaintiff have a "reasonable expectation of privacy" in the information
in question, and that the invasion by the defendant have caused harm. Intrusion Upon Seclusion. Intrusion upon seclusion occurs
where there is an invasion, through conduct offensive to an ordinary person,
of an individual's information in which she has a "reasonable expectation
of privacy." Amy Boyer's estate argues that she had a reasonable expectation
of privacy in her address and social security number, and that Docusearch's
action in indiscriminately releasing this information was reasonably offensive.
Commercial Appropriation of Private Information. The tort of commercial
appropriation protects the "inherent right of every human being to control
the commercial use of his or her identity." J. Thomas McCarthy, The Rights
of Publicity and Privacy, § 1.2, 1-8 (1992). Currently, sixteen states
recognize a common law cause of action for commercial appropriation of
name, likeness, performance, or identity, and twelve other states have
enacted comparable statutory protections instead of or in addition to
recognizing the tort. The New Hampshire Supreme Court--which has not yet
recognized this tort--has the discretion to recognize a cause of action
for commercial appropriation. Amy Boyer's estate argues that Amy Boyer
was entitled to exclusive use and control of her name and identifying
characteristics, and the right to prohibit the commercial use of this
information by others.
Statutory Claims Violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act. The FCRA places
restrictions on the compilation and release of consumer reports by consumer
reporting agency. A consumer reporting agency cannot furnish a consumer report--except
in limited, inapplicable circumstances--without the approval of or disclosure
to the consumer. In particular, a credit reporting agency cannot furnish a
report to persons other than those with a "legitimate business purpose," and
a person cannot obtain a consumer report from a consumer reporting agency
for resale without disclosing the identity and purpose of the end-user, and
certifying that the report will be used only for a legitimate purpose. Amy
Boyer's estate alleges that Docusearch willfully or negligently procured and
disclosed the consumer credit information--including the SSN--of Amy Boyer,
without providing notice to Amy Boyer or verifying the identity or purpose
of Youens.
Violation of the New Hampshire Consumer Protection Act. The New
Hampshire Consumer Protection Act protects individuals from "any unfair
method of competition or any unfair or deceptive act or practice in the
conduct of any trade or commerce within [New Hampshire]." N.H. Rev.
Stat. Ann. § 358-A:2 (2002). Amy Boyer's estate alleges that the practice
of pretexting engaged in by Docusearch to obtain information by deception
and provide private information to outside parties for a fee constituted
an unfair and deceptive act under the CPA.
Legal Materials
EPIC's Amicus
Brief New
Hampshire Consumer Protection Act Relevant section of the Fair
Credit Reporting Act
News and Resources
Reproduction of Liam
Youen's Amy Boyer website (mirrored on the day he died) (via Archive.org) Amy Boyer's dedication
website (created by her parents) (via Archive.org) Your
Rights Online: Interesting Privacy Decision in New Hampshire, Slashdot,
February 18, 2003. New Hampshire
Supreme Court Rules in Amy Boyer Privacy Case, Declan McCullagh's Politechbot.com,
February 18, 2003. Court:
Information Brokers Can Be Liable, DMNews, February 19, 2003. Slain
Woman's Kin Fight Internet Brokers, New York Times, December 29, 2002.
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC Home Page Last Updated:
June 15, 2006
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/boyer/default.html