http://www.problemtracker.com/privacy.html
NetResults
About NetResults®
Contact
Tracker
Web-based collaboration software for bug tracking, change management, support, and help desk.
Search
skip main navigation
Product
Demo
Purchase
Support
Customers
Corporate
Product
skip to page content
Overview
Features & Benefits
Screenshots
System Requirements
Tracker Online
NetResults Tracker Privacy Policy Practices on the Web
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the
NetResults Tracker web site. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to NetResults Corporation for clarification.
Personal Information
At NetResults, we intend to give you as
much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can
visit NetResults on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing any
information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need
information from you, such as your name and address. It is our intent to let you
know before we collect personal information from you on the Internet.
If you choose to give us personal
information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need -- to
correspond with you, process an order or provide you with a subscription, for
example -- it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If
you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for
further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. We do keep track of the
domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and
statistics, and then we discard it.
We have implemented these practices for
the NetResults Tracker pages (www.NetResultsTracker.com and www.NRTracker.com). We are also
instructing our employees around the world to include information on privacy
practices everywhere information is collected on the NetResults Tracker web
site, tailored to what that portion of the site does and reflecting the
practices outlined here.
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect the quality and
integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented
appropriate technical and managerial procedures to maintain information that is
accurate, current, and complete. We will make a sincere effort to respond to
your requests to correct personal information inaccuracies in a timely
manner.
Business Relationships
The NetResults Tracker web site contains
links to other web sites. NetResults is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies
There are various technologies, including
one called "cookies", which can be used to provide you with tailored information
from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your
browser, which may then store it on your system. NetResults Tracker pages
currently do not use cookies. In general, you can set your browser to notify you
when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Related Links
Legal Information
Contact
Site Map
Privacy
Legal
Contact
Site Map
NetResults Tracker (also called NRTracker) is a web-based collaboration software for bug tracking, defect tracking, issue tracking, change management, workflow management, process management, knowledge base, help desk, and automated support portal.
NetResults Tracker is available as a hosted solution (Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)) or as a packaged software.
© 1997 - 2020 NetResults Corporation. All rights reserved.
Some icons courtesy famfamfam.com.
NetResults Tracker Product
Collaboration Software
Features and Benefits
Product Screenshots
System Requirements
On-Demand Hosted Online Service
Tracker Online Overview
Tracker Online for Help Desk Software
Tracker Online for Support Software
Tracker Online FAQ
Tracker Online Sales FAQ
Tracker Demo - Try it FREE
Guided Tour
Custom Demonstration
Personal Live Trial
Tracker Help & Support
Request Technical Support
Knowledge Base
Online Help Manuals
Support Plans
Tracker Demo Applications
Product Dev and Defect Tracking
Help Desk Software
Customer Support Software
Knowledge Base
Change Management
Product Dev, Support & KB
Sample Applications
Bug Tracking Software
Defect Tracking Software
Issue Tracking Software
Help Desk Software
Customer Support Software
Change Management
Distributed Development
Knowledge Base Management
Life-cycle Management
Workflow Management
Process Management
Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Compliance