https://www.websitesforsmallbusiness.com.au/about-us/18-pages/content/98-privacy-policy
Regarding your personal information
Websites For Small Business is committed to adhering with Australian privacy
legislation in the way it collects, uses, secures and discloses personal
information. The Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 requires companies to
comply with the National Privacy Principles (NPPs). This document
describes the websitesforsmallbusiness.com.au privacy policy. We lawfully
collect personal information that is necessary for our business to
function. The information we collect and hold will depend upon the
products and services you request from us and may include:•
Information you provide us when you purchase goods or services. This
information will include your name, address and contact details.•
Information derived from communications between us and you. The use of
the facilities and services available through our website will determine
the amount and type of information we collect. The only personal
information we collect when you use our website is what you tell us
about yourself, for example, by completing an online form when you
purchase products or when you send us an email we will record your email
address. We will not sell your information!
How we use your information We
use the information we collect for the purpose disclosed at the time of
collection or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Statement. We will
not use your personal information for any other purpose without first
seeking your consent, unless authorized or required by law. Generally we
will only use and disclose your personal information:
• To establish and maintain your relationship as a customer of Websites For Small Business.• To provide the products and services you have requested from Websites For Small Business.• To administer and manage those products and services.• To answer your inquiry.• For direct marketing by email, specials on products or services you have shown interest in.
If
we contact you in this way without obtaining your prior consent, we
will provide you with the opportunity to decline any further marketing
communications. If you at any time receive any communication from Websites For Small Business which you would not like to receive, please
contact us and we will remove your name from our mailing list or click
the unsubscribe link in our emails.
Access to your personal information
In
most cases, you can gain access to the personal information that Websites For Small Business holds about you, subject to some exceptions
allowed by law. If you would like to check or amend your contact
details, please contact us or do so using the self service function in the client area "Update My Details". We will deal with all requests for access to
personal information as quickly as possible.
Security
Websites For Small Business has taken steps to keep secure any
personal information which we hold and to keep this information accurate
and up to date.  Connections to the client area of our website are secured with an encrypted SSL connection indicated by the padlock and coloured navigation bar.  Personal information is stored in a secure server or
secure files. The Internet is not always a secure method of transmitting
information. Accordingly, websitesforsmallbusiness.com.au cannot accept
responsibility for the security of information you send to, or receive
from us over the Internet or for any unauthorised access or use of that
information.
Unauthorised Access and Disclosure
Websites for Small Business will not disclose your personal information to any unauthrised persons or entities.  This includes requests for account passwords and login details from staff or service providers you may have engaged,  Logins and passwords are never given out via phone, these must be requested from the account holder by an online ticket, email or password reset tool.  You may authorise us to disclose your login details to other suppliers, i.e office staff or developers but we will never do this without first confirming with the account holder.  No exceptions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
It
may be necessary for us to review and revise our Privacy Policy from
time to time. An amended version will be posted on our website. We
suggest that you visit this page regularly to keep up to date with any
changes. If you would like any further information, or have any
queries, problems or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy or
our information handling practices in general, please contact us on This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.