http://www.nothing.ch/en/termsofuse
Skip to main content
Send us a signal: via telephone, email or our contact form. We'd love to hear from you.
Use our form
hello@nothing.ch
+41 (0)31 384 1010
Rocket HQ:
Kirchstrasse 175,
3084 Wabern-Bern,
Switzerland
Starbase Lausanne:
Valentin 34 et demi,
1004 Lausanne,
Switzerland
Close
We look forward to receiving your signal!
Contact us
Terms of use
By accessing or using this website in any way, including, without limitation, use of any of the services, downloading of any materials, or merely browsing the site, you agree to and are bound by these terms of use. Nothing AG reserves the right to change the terms of use and other guidelines or rules posted on this website from time to time at its sole discretion. Your continued use of the website, or any material or services accessible through it, constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Your use of the website will be subject to the most current version of the terms of use, rules and guidelines, posted on the website at the time of such use. You should periodically check the terms of use page on this website to view the current terms.
Protected rights
This website is expressly owned and operated by Nothing AG. This website in its entirety is protected by copyright and applicable trade dress protection. Unless otherwise noted, the design and the content featured on this website - including navigational buttons and images, artwork, graphics, photography, text and any other element - are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/ or intellectual property that are owned, controlled or licensed by Nothing AG. All worldwide rights, titles and interests are reserved. This site and its contents may only be used for personal and non-commercial use. Any use of this website and its content for purposes other than personal and non-commercial is prohibited without the prior written permission of Nothing AG. Any form of reproduction, publication, display, modification, sale or distribution of any of the materials from this website without the written authorisation of Nothing AG is expressly prohibited. Nothing AG is authorised to present distinguished product names and brands on this website. Please be aware that each of the various trademarks, product names, company names and corporate identities represented on this website are the property of their respective owner-companies.
Copyright
Copyright © Nothing AG 1999 - 2018. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. All content available on this website is owned by Nothing AG or licensors of Nothing AG and is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and/or other intellectual property rights. You shall not copy or download any content from this website unless Nothing AG expressly authorizes you. Reproduction, transfer, distribution, showing in public or in private, storage of part or all of the contents in any form or modification or creation of any derivative works from the content on this website, without the prior written permission of Nothing AG is prohibited, except in accordance with these terms of use. Nothing AG consents to you browsing Nothing AG pages on your computer and printing copies of these pages for your personal use only and not for redistribution, unless consented to in writing by Nothing. Individual documents on this website may be subject to additional terms indicated in these documents. Any infringement of Nothing AG’s copyrights, trademarks or proprietary rights, such as making unauthorized copies of any content found on this website, may subject you to legal action. Furthermore, other content owners may take criminal or civil action against you. In that event, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Nothing AG and its subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, employees, officers, directors and agents. If you post or send any content to Nothing AG, you expressly grant Nothing AG the complete and irrevocable right to quote, use, modify, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast and otherwise communicate and publicly display the content in any form, in any place, with or without mentioning your screen name in Nothing AG’s discretion and without any notice or compensation to you of any kind.
Disclaimers
Given the unpredictabilities of technology in general and the online environment in particular, Nothing AG does not warrant that the function or operation of this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements. As a visitor to and user of this website, you assume full responsibility for any costs, associated with servicing of equipment or other, incurred in connection with the use of this website. As a visitor to and a user of this website, you, in effect, agree that access is undertaken at your own risk. Nothing AG shall not be liable for damages of any kind related to your use of or inability to access this site. Nothing AG endeavours to present the most recent, most accurate, and most reliable information on this website at all times. However, there may be occasions when some of the information featured on this website may contain incomplete data, typographical errors or inaccuracies. Any errors are wholly unintentional. Please be aware that Nothing AG presents the content of this website “as is” and makes no claims to its accuracy, either expressed or implied. Nothing AG reserves the right to amend errors, make changes to this website or to update product information at any time without prior notice. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Nothing AG disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied.
Questions
Please address any questions regarding these terms of service to Nothing AG using the contact page
Privacy policy
Nothing AG respects your concerns about privacy. The following policies are intended to protect your privacy and ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. As Nothing AG continues to develop this website and takes advantage of technologies to improve the services provided, these policies will continue to evolve. Therefore, you are encouraged to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis to stay abreast of Nothing AG’s current privacy policy practices.
As a visitor to this website, you can engage in activities without providing any personal information. In connection with certain activities, for example subscribing to the newsletter, Nothing AG may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. If you elect to engage in these activities, which is completely optional for you, Nothing AG may ask that you provide personal information, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and fax numbers, and other personal information. Gathering such personal information serves the purpose of enhancing your online experience, developing the content of this website and improving the marketing and promotional measures of Nothing AG. Nothing AG will not share this personal information with any thirds unless mandatory by law.
This website uses Google Analytics, a service used for analising the Web by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, i.e. text files that are saved on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website, including your IP address. The information obtained by the cookie about your use of the website is transferred to a server of Google, where it is saved. Google will use this information for evaluation purposes, such as reports on the activity of the website for the providers or to deliver further services in the use of websites and the internet. Also, Google will transfer this information to thirds in cases mandatory by law or within the scope of the execution of the work of third parties as mandated by Google. In no case will Google connect your IP address with other data in the possession of Google. You can prevent the installation of cookies with appropriate adjustments of your browser software (which might lead to a reduction of the functionality of the website). By using this website you declare your acceptance of the data acquisition as defined in this clause.