http://www.sharewareconnection.com/privacyinfo.php
Shareware Connection: Freeware, Shareware and Demo Software Downloads
New
Home
Links
Submit
Contact
Reviews
Search
Business & Productivity Tools
Communications
Desktop
Developer Tools
Drivers
Education
Games
Home & Personal
Internet & Networking
Mobile Software
Multimedia & Design
Operating Systems
Scripts
Security & Privacy
Servers
Utilities
Web Development
Privacy Policy
Shareware Connection and its advertisers and
affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users.
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible
management of visitor information. This site contains links to other sites.
Shareware Connection is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of such Websites.
Visitor Information
During your visit, Shareware Connection does not collect any personally
identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or
e-mail address. However, Shareware Connection does obtain some types of
non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider
you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer
operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information
collected by Shareware Connection is used for the purpose of generating reports
for our own personal use to enhance future visits to our website.
Third Party Advertising
We use Google Adsense, Kontera and other third-party advertising companies
to serve ads when you visit our Web site. To find out more information about how
they manage the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this
site, please check their privacy policies. These companies may use information
(not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your
visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this
site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser
may place or recognize a unique cookie or
web beacons on your browser. This is generally used for
geotargeting purposes (for example, showing Florida home ads to someone living
in Florida)
Contacting the Web
Site
Should you have other questions or
concerns about these privacy policies, please
contact us
Home -
New Listing
- Submit Software
- Contact Us
- Privacy Info