http://www.english4it.com/termsOfService
Terms of Service & Legal Information
Terms of Service
When you are using English4IT, you are subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"),
which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at this page. By accessing and using
English4IT, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of the TOS.
Public Profiles
You have a public page which is disabled by default. You can choose to show this information by checking 'Allow other users to see my profile
page' under your profile settings.
Copyright Protection
The written content (dictionary entries, readings, activities, etc) on this website is protected by
international copyright laws.
You may not print out, reproduce, copy, or repost the information in this website without express
written consent by English4IT.
If you want to use content from this website in any other way then it is currently presented, you must
contact us and
get written permission first.
Every effort has been made to use private, permission-granted, or public domain images on this website.
However we do accept some dictionary entries from the public and cannot always verify this 100%.
If you see an image that you think is copyrighted and used without permission,
please let us know so we can remove it.
The last thing we want to do is use other people's copyrighted material without their permission.
Content Violations
If you post illegal or objectionable content on our website we reserve the right to delete your account and refund you
any money you spent at our discretion.
Liability
This program is to be used 'as-is'. We do not guarantee results. We do not guarantee anything.
If there is a bug or a misprint in the application, we will do our best to fix it in a timely matter.
However, we cannot be held responsible for any reason.
Privacy Policy
Please see our separate Privacy Policy listed here.
Welcome, Guest!
Guest
unknown
Questions?
We love to hear from you.
Contact us...