https://www.buyabanner.com/privacy
1-435-656-1310
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Banner Stands
Banners
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement covers the site http://www.BuyABanner.com/.Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices.IntroductionProtecting your personal information is a core Buy A Banner.com value. This privacy statement describes how Buy A Banner.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: www.BuyABanner.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding Buy A Banner.com's use of your personal information and the steps you can take to change it.We use visitors contact information (such as Email addresses) and financial information (credit card data, name, billing address). Contact information is only used to fill customer orders or to correspond regarding such orders. Financial information collected is only used to bill customers for voluntary purchases of products and services.We refuse to sell, trade or otherwise transfer any type of customer data - email addresses, mailing addresses, etc., - to other companies or individuals.Use of CookiesA cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies.  We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file.We set a persistent cookie to store your username and password, so you don't have to enter it more than once.If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as downloading clip art, will not be available.Some of our business partners (e.g., Google) use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Buy A Banner.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any business partners. Service ProvidersWe use other third parties PayPal and Verisign to provide payment services on our site.  When you buy from Buy A Banner.com, we will share Billing address and payment information as necessary for the purchase.These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us. We have strong security measures in place to protect from the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. Our site uses secure order forms for our customers to make purchases in safe and private manner. All data submitted through our secure forms is protected the entire online route - from the customer's computer to ours - with powerful SSL encryption technology. To learn more about SSL, follow this link.Use Of Information CollectedWe only use your Email address to send Email about your purchase or when we have a sale this site. We never sell or share your Email address with other companies. You also have the option to not receive newsletters, this can be change in the edit account area once you are signed in.Disclosure StatementWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.