https://www.frontend.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis statement relates to your privacy in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.General StatementFrontend.com fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect or publish any personal information about you through this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988–2003.Collection and Use of Personal InformationFrontend.com does not collect any personal data about you on this website. Any information which you do provide to us is not made available to any third parties and is used by us only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.Collection and Use of Technical InformationThis website uses temporary ‘session’ cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our Internet service provider or Google Analytics for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to personally identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:the IP address of the visitor’s web serverthe top-level domain name usedthe previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used.Google Analytics which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded) the type of web browser and operating system used by the website visitor.Frontend.com will make no attempt to identify individual visitors or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of Frontend.com never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard) unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by Frontend.com, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute “personal data” for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988–2003.Complaints About Data Processed Via The WebsiteIf you are concerned about how personal data is processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to us by contacting us using the appropriate details on our Contact Us page.Third Party WebsitesThis privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website to which this website contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us.Additionally, we may provide you with access to third-party functionality that permits you to post content to your social media account(s). Please note that any information that you provide through use of this functionality is governed by the applicable third party’s privacy policy, and not by this privacy policy, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Terms UsedCookies: Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can ‘remember’ you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.New BusinessTalk to us about how we can resolve your organization’s UX challenges.Contact UsOur ThinkingOur team of thought leaders share two decades of insights and analysis.Learn MoreMedia EnquiriesOur design expertise is available for speaking engagements and press interviews.Talk to Us