http://www.mjmsoft.com/privacypolicy.html
Privacy Policy
MJMSoft Design Ltd. owns and operates the three websites www.mjmsoft.com, www.keytext.com and www.trayday.com, and this privacy policy relates to all three.
MJMSoft Design Ltd. collects personal information about our customers during the purchase process. We collect name, email address, address, and the software "Fingerprint" which allows us to generate the unlock code specific to your installation. We also collect your email address if you fill in the form at our Contact page or "Tell A Friend" page. This is all kept confidential. We do not collect any credit or debit card information; this is collected through the NetBanx or Paypal channels to which we link, and is subject to the privacy policies of these companies. We have no access to your credit or debit card information.
The data we collect is used in the aggregate to give us demographic information about the entire MJMSoft Design Ltd. audience in order to improve our products and services. The information you provide, such as name and email address, allows us to keep you informed about upgrades, products and services of MJMSoft Design Ltd.. If you are a registered user of one of our products, we will only send information regarding your product or any assistance you require.
MJMSoft Design Ltd. respects your right to privacy. We have a strict policy of not selling our customers' email addresses or any personal details, and are completely anti-Spam. MJMSoft Design Ltd. will not disclose to any third party any information or data submitted by users of this website, without the user's prior permission, unless MJMSoft Design Ltd. has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of MJMSoft Design Ltd..
How we use cookies. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
You will be notified of any significant privacy statement updates or if we change the way we collect or use Personally Identifiable Information through email, then wait for your consent. We have measures in place to protect your personably identifiable information. Our employees are made aware of these measures when they start working at MJMSoft Design Ltd.. Any time there is a change in security measures, all employees are notified of the change.
MJMSoft Design Ltd. uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure. MJMSoft Design Ltd. also links to a variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users, however, we do encourage that you review their privacy policies. We do not provide these sites with your information.
Legal Disclaimer: We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our website. If you have questions, we can be reached by email at support@mjmsoft.com.