https://www.softwaremedia.com/policies
800.474.1045 support@softwaremedia.com
0 Items
SoftwareMedia.Com Policies
Shipping and Delivery
Shipping Methods
SoftwareMedia ships throughout the 48 contingent United States and to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and Canada.
Budget: Ships via ground and may take up to 2 business days for processing before leaving our warehouse, arriving within 5-9 business days.
Economy: Ships the same day 99% of the time when placed before 6:00 p.m. EST, and arrives in 3-4 business days.
Express 2-Day Air): Ships the same day 99% of the time when placed before 6:00 p.m. EST, and arrives in 2 business days.
2-Day Air: 2 business days to Alaska and Hawaii only, depending on destination zip code.
Standard Overnight: Arrives next day by 3:00 pm to most addresses; 4:30 to rural areas.
Priority Overnight 10am: Arrives next day by 10:30 am to most addresses; 4:30 pm to remote areas.
International (Canada): Time-definite delivery to Canada and Puerto Rico only, typically in one, two or three business days. Price depends on destination.
Saturday Delivery: And you thought nobody worked on the weekends! FedEx does provide Saturday delivery for a small fee, but you must call first. To secure Saturday delivery, please call 1-800-474-1045 Ext:3 during regular business hours.
Shipping times and prices are subject to product availability, and may change depending on warehouse location. Our FedEx carrier requires a street address, thus we do not ship to P.O. Boxes.
Order Cutoff Time
Want your order to ship the same day you place it? Easy! Just place your order before 6:00 p.m. EST (5:00 CST/ 4:00 MST/ 3:00 PST) and it’ll ship out that day. Orders placed after the cutoff time will go out the following day. We’re talking business days here, people… That means orders placed Saturday or Sunday will go out Monday.
International Shipping
We accept orders from Puerto Rico. To order, enter your 6-digit alphanumeric postal code or your zip code in the ZIP code field and choose either FedEx International Economy or FedEx International Priority as your shipping method.
Tracking Your Order
We make it easy to tell exactly where your products are at any given time. Once your order leaves our warehouse, you’ll receive an email with your individual order’s tracking information. You can view detailed tracking information from FedEx by clicking on the link in the email or by going to “Order Tracking” on our website. It’s easier to track your order than your own kids!
* Shipping times and prices are subject to product availability, and may change depending on warehouse location. Our FedEx carrier requires a street address, thus we do not ship to P.O. Boxes.
Return Policy
Cancellations
If you realize that you need to cancel your order before our shipping cutoff time (6:00 p.m. EST/ 5:00 CST/ 4:00 MST/ 3:00 PST), call us! Of course, we understand that it isn’t always that easy… and we’d be happy to issue a return if you don’t cancel in time.
Physical Delivery Items
It’s easy to manage your returns online at SoftwareMedia.com.
Once you receive your software, you have 60 days to decide whether to keep it. If you are unsatisfied, simply fill out a product return form and ship the item to:
SoftwareMedia Warehouse2939 S Main StSalt Lake City, UT 84115
Products that have been activated, registered, damaged, or are otherwise unsaleable are not eligible for return, will be shipped back to you and are subject to additional shipping charges and/or restocking fees. This is determined by SoftwareMedia after careful inspection of contents and verification with the manufacturer that the product has not been registered or activated. Once your return passes quality control your refund will be issued within 72 business hours.
After 60 Days – The no-hassle returns procedure is valid for 60 days after receiving your product. You may request a return or exchange up to 60 days after this period by calling Customer Service (1-800-474-1045) to receive an RMA number and further instructions. Please note that we reserve the right to deny refund or exchange if the merchandise does not meet the Return Policy requirements. Depending on the condition of your software and other circumstances, returns during this period may be subject to a 15% restocking fee.
Microsoft Surface – Factory-sealed product may be returned within 60 days of purchase for a full refund. Applies only to current models. Opened product cannot be returned.
For defective devices with extended warranties, contact Microsoft at 1-800-642-7676 for a replacement and further instructions.
Electronic Delivery Items
While SoftwareMedia.com makes every attempt to ensure satisfaction with your purchase, whenever you choose to have a software key sent electronically, that sale is considered final. SoftwareMedia cannot issue refunds once product keys have been distributed. It is the responsibility of the buyer to know the system and compatibility requirements of the product prior to purchasing. If there are technical issues that prevent access to your software purchase, please contact our support team for assistance.
Licensing Software
Note: All licensing software returns are at the manufacturer’s discretion. If the manufacturer denies a claim, the return cannot be processed.
Microsoft – Returns within 60 days of purchase are eligible for full credit.
VMware – Return requests must be submitted within 45 days of purchase. Returns past 45 days will be denied. Return must be accompanied by a new order of equal or greater value for the same end user. Software Destruction Agreement must be filled out and returned for the return to be processed.
Veeam – NO RETURNS
Trend Micro – Returns accepted within 30 days of purchase. Returns within 31-90 days of purchase must be accompanied by a replacement order of equal or greater value. No returns accepted after 90 days.
Symantec – No returns due to Symantec’s return policy.
Acronis – Returns will only be considered if requested within 30 days of purchase and must be accompanied by a replacement order of equal or greater value. A letter of destruction must be signed by the end user.
The Fine Print
Details and Restrictions
*Prices and Availability Subject to Change at any time. In the event a product is listed at an inaccurate price due to a typographical error, SoftwareMedia has the right to decline or cancel ANY order placed for the product listed at the inaccurate price. SoftwareMedia has the right to decline or cancel any order whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, SoftwareMedia will without delay issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
**SoftwareMedia strives to ensure that every product has a corresponding and appropriate image to go alongside it. For all products please rely on the title, product listing, technical specs, product price, and product manufacturer number to verify the product is the actual version desired. We are constantly updating and changing images to match what is shipped however due to manufacturer version updates, pictures may vary from the actual item. If you still are unsure please contact us at 1.800.474.1045.
****Delivery times are estimates and may vary depending on circumstances. We reserve the right to ship UPS depending on final order destination.
*****Products that are listed as “promo” or “promotional” may not be eligible for certain rebates or promotions.
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Have you ever wondered how “Prescription World” got your email address and “Mortgage Express” got your mailing address? Well we can tell you it wasn’t from us. We are 100% committed to protecting your right to privacy.
On pages throughout SoftwareMedia.com, you may be asked to submit private, personal information such as Name, Address, Email Address, Phone Number and Credit or Debit Card Information. We use this information to process, ship, track and complete your order. We use contact information to communicate with you throughout the order process. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We will never use your personal information in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Access and Correct Your Information
You can access and update all of your information that we collect and maintain by clicking the “my account” button at the top of the page. You may log into your account with the email address and password you selected when you created the account. If you did not create an account but you require a correction of information, you may contact customer service at any time.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to SoftwareMedia. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13. No part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13, and we strive for a manner of professionalism that would never offend persons of any age group.
Payment
Methods Accepted
We accept the following methods of payment: Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express and SoftwareMedia.com gift cards. We also offer Google Checkout as an option. Other payment options are available through our commercial division (800-474-1045 x3).
How do I check the balance of my gift card?
You can view your gift card balance here. Your gift card balance can also be found on the My Account page.
Offline Ordering
Still can’t bring yourself to make a purchase online? We understand. It’s a scary thing to do. That’s why we make it easy for you to place your order offline. Just download our printable order form in either PDF format or Excel format, fill it out (include shipping where applicable), attach check or money order, and mail to:
SoftwareMedia.com
Attn: Manual Orders
2939 S Main St
Salt Lake City, UT 84115
Other
Terms & Conditions