https://www.free-dc.org/privacy.php
PHP User Warning: fetch_template() calls should be replaced by the vB_Template class. Template name: navbar in ..../includes/functions.php on line 4609
Parse error:
syntax error, unexpected 'navbar' (T_STRING) in /home/free-dc.org/html/forum/privacy.php(47) : eval()'d code on line 1
PHP User Warning: fetch_template() calls should be replaced by the vB_Template class. Template name: privacy in ..../includes/functions.php on line 4609
Register
Help
Remember Me?
Privacy Policy
Free-DC recognizes that you care about the personal information that is held about you and how that is used.
This privacy policy applies to all personal data, submitted by you, to the Free-DC web site.
By registering to Free-DC you need to submit a chosen name and contact information, more specifically an e-mail address.
No extremely personal information, such as Social Security or Credit Card numbers are stored by us.
Free-DC also stores and reads cookies to and from your computer. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our forums and general website features to recognize your browser for when you return to this web site.
By using this website, you agree that both the webserver, and any trusted 3rd party we chose, such as advertising networks, may place a tracking cookie on your machine and access it at any time during your session.
In general, cookies are safe and are not a security issue when being used from 'trusted' internet sites, such as Free-DC.
For information on how to manage cookies in your browser, please visit AboutCookies.org
Free-DC will not sell, transmit or distribute any data held without your prior permission or consent, unless required to do so under relevant United States legislation.
All other information provided by you goes into a "public profile" and is entirely optional, all information held in that profile is held there at your own risk.
This info is edited via your Control Panel in the forums.
You have a legal right for the personal information held at Free-DC to be updated if it is incorrect or deleted if you choose.
Most of this can be done through your Control Panel in the forums.
If you are having issues with this, please contact us if you need help.
Free-DC will take all reasonable effort to ensure that all personal information about you submitted is maintained secure on our server.
However, we make no warranty to this.
This site is intended for individuals over the age of 13.
Any information collected is intended to be of individuals over the age of 13.
According to COPPA, our site does NOT cater to children.
"Operators of commercial websites or online services directed to children under 13 that collect personal information from children" require a COPPA agreement and privacy policy.
Since we do not cater to this age group, no COPPA exists on Free-DC
This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice.
It is your responsibility to check this page for updates or changes. If you have any questions regarding your privacy, then Contact Us
All times are GMT -4. The time now is 02:27 AM.
-- vB4 Default Style
-- Breeze
-- Free-DC Default
-- Seventeen or Bust
-- Seti.USA
-- Default Mobile Style
Contact Us
www.Free-DC.org
Archive
Web Hosting
Privacy Statement
Top
Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.4 Copyright © 2020 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.