http://www.msinteractive.com/policy#cookies
Privacy Policy
Moonstone Interactive, Inc. (the "Company") has established this privacy policy (the "Policy") to clarify the information policy that we have adopted to protect your privacy. We believe that everyone benefits from a clear understanding of how we may gather and use information about you. We welcome you to our sites, and we want to make sure that you are comfortable using them.
Scope of Policy:
Please note that this Policy applies only to sites maintained by the Company or its subsidiaries. It does not apply to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link, or that we have designed or created, but do not own. When you use the Moonstone Interactive materials, we may direct you to other sites that are beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or a third party link, the "click" may take you off the Moonstone Interactive materials. These other sites may independently collect data, solicit personal information, or send their cookies to you. The Company is not responsible for any use of the information, including click-stream data that you may create when using such third-party web sites. You should carefully review the privacy policies of these third-party web sites to determine how they treat your personal information.
This Policy may change over time as we modify or expand our service. We suggest that you check back from time to time to understand how we treat your information. Your use of the Moonstone Interactive materials constitutes your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If we decide to change our Policy materially, we will prominently post those changes on this page thirty (30) days before the change and provide you an opportunity to opt-out. So you will always be aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Your continued use of the Moonstone Interactive materials constitutes your agreement to any such changes if any.
What We might Collect About You
Generic Information:
We collect aggregate information about visitors' use of our web sites. Aggregate information includes the number of unique visitors, the frequency with which they visit, and the areas on the web site that they favor. These statistics are very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use this type of data in the aggregate-that is, we look at the data on a collective basis, in summary, rather than on an individual basis. This data helps us determine the extent to which our customers use certain parts of our web site, which, in turn, enables us to make it as appealing as possible. We may also provide statistical "ratings" about how our customers collectively use our web site to advertisers, sponsors, and other companies with which we do business. These statistical ratings do not contain any personally identifiable information about you or any of our users.
Personal Information:
We maintain data that you agree to provide us online, voluntarily, during
customer support requests,
marketing surveys and email campaigns,
registration for membership on our sites,
when you request services from third-party service providers on our website
Information collected may include your name, email address, phone number, address, to process your request for products or services. We may verify or combine this information with data about you that we have obtained from other sources. We also collect and analyze traffic on our web site by keeping track of the IP addresses of our visitors. An IP address is a unique number assigned to your computer when you are using your browser on the Internet. We log this information so that we can monitor things like the number of visitors visiting the web site. However, we do not link your IP address to any personal information. We do not require personal information to obtain access to any of our websites. However, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
Protection for Children - COPPA Compliance:
We are committed to protecting the privacy and rights of children online. We believe that children should be able to use the Internet in a safe, productive, and efficient manner. We ensure the highest protection available for their personal information. To that end, we have made it our practice to not collect any individually identifiable information from users whom we know are under the age of 13. Our registration process blocks the registration of users under 13 years old and will automatically delete all individually identifiable information collected from such users.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") imposes specific requirements upon web sites and online services for children. To learn more about COPPA, click here for the Federal Trade Commission COPPA Web Site.
Cookies:
At certain times, we may seek to place "cookies" on your system to assist with your use of the site or to identify products and services that you have selected. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within websites. Some of our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart or to deliver content specific to your interests. Some of our sites use cookies or other methods to monitor website usage so that we can better tailor our sites to what appeals to our users. Some of our sites may use an outside ad company to display ads, which may contain cookies to target advertising while you are visiting our website. We may use geographic or other information that we have collected from you to identify ads for goods and services available in your area that are of interest to you. We may use cookie files to assure that you will not be served the same ads repeatedly. We do not have access to the information collected with cookies received with banner ads. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when a website attempts to save cookies. However, some areas will not function if you disable cookies.
Security:
When you submit information, we use an advanced encryption technology known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to protect the storage and transfer of your data from unauthorized parties. When you are on a secure page, such as our registration form, a lock or key icon appears on the bottom of your web browser.
We use reasonable controls to protect your personal information. However, we cannot represent nor warrant proper security on all internet connections. Insufficient network security may enable third parties to undermine or compromise your information. Even the best controls cannot protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances. Unscrupulous advertisers, hackers, and scam artists are always searching the Internet looking for new targets. Your best protection is to understand the limits of Internet security and use common sense in all of your online activities.
How We Use What We Learn:
We do not disclose your personal information to any third party without providing you with an opportunity to opt-out. Special situations may require exceptions as described below, such as to comply with the law or administer the site.
The personal information you provide enables us to alert you to new products, features, and enhancements; special offers and coupons; upgrade opportunities, and contests and events of interest. We do not sell your information to any third party without your consent. From time to time, we may send you surveys or solicit your feedback. We use surveys to gauge user interest in new products and premiums we may offer. We may use survey information to select and direct advertising that is more likely to be of interest to a particular member. We may transmit this information to an ad server owned by the advertising company to match members with ads that are more likely to be of interest. However, we do not disclose any member's personal information to our advertisers without the member's consent. Participation in member surveys is entirely optional.
Finally, to improve our websites, we may use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, to better meet our visitors' needs.
Disclosure Exceptions:
Notwithstanding the above, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties when we are required to do so by law or such action is necessary:
To comply with applicable law, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities;
To protect the Company's rights and property;
To investigate reports of users sending material using a false email address or users sending harassing, threatening, or abusive messages;
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our web site;
During emergencies, such as when we believe someone's physical safety is at risk.
Your Control Over Your Personal Information
Opt-out / Changing Your Status:
If you do not want us to send you email or postal mail about our products and services, you can opt-out at the time of registration or information collection. At any time, you can change the choices you have previously made as to the use of your personal information.
If at a later date, you choose to have your name removed from our database, you can do so. Just send an email to info@msinteractive.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line, using the email address that you registered. Also, every communication you receive from us will contain an "Opt-Out" or "Unsubscribe" link allowing you to withdraw your permission for future mailings. Permission changes will be honored as soon as possible after receipt. Please allow 5 to 7 days for processing. Permission changes will not affect any information which you provided to us and which we previously shared with our business partners. We may retain your data to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, comply with technical and legal requirements, and maintain the security, integrity, and operation of our websites.
Compliance With Our Policy:
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use this site or any of the other Moonstone Interactive materials. We reserve the right to make changes in this Policy at any time in our sole discretion. Please check the Policy each time you use the Moonstone Interactive Materials to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. The Policy will indicate the date of its last modification. Your continued use of our site or materials will signify your acceptance of any changes to our Policy.
Sale of Assets:
If the Company or its units or subsidiaries are sold, acquired, merged, liquidated, reorganized, or otherwise transferred, we reserve the right to transfer our user databases including personally identifiable information, to the acquiring party. In this event, we will place a notice of such sale on the homepage of our corporate site, with links to information as to how you can change your privacy preferences.
Cookie Consent: This website uses Moonstone Interactive and third-party cookies to ensure optimal website functioning as described in our Cookie Use Notice. Please continue to use our website if you agree to the use of cookies. Read more on our Privacy Policy page.