http://www.belightsoft.com/privacy-policy/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
This website sets cookies solely in order to enable or enhance functions or improve the navigation experience for the user.
Besides such functional and session cookies, analytics cookies are set by third-party tools in order to monitor the quality of the user’s experience while visiting this website.
This website does not use web beacons or analogous tracking technologies.
Under no circumstances this website use cookies to collect, process, disseminate or record personal data.
When relevant, BeLight Software privacy statement applies to local storage and comparable technologies.
Cookies Subject to Change
The content of this Policy is for your general information and use only. You acknowledge that this information may contain inaccuracies and is subject to change, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Cookies We Use
Cookie name
Purpose
_ga
Google Universal Analytics collects information about visits, sessions, and campaigns for analytical purposes
_gid
Used in conjunction with _ga to distinguish unique users.
_gat
This cookie does not store any user information, it's just used to limit the number of requests that have to be made to Google/doubleclick.net (see cookie IDE & DSID).
DSID
Used by Google/doubleclick.net to select ads, based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance and to avoid showing ads that the user has already seen.
IDE
Used by Google/doubleclick.net to select ads, based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance and to avoid showing ads that the user has already seen.
IR_PI
Affiliate tracking cookie helps to count visitors from websites participating in Impact Radius affiliate marketplace.
IR_gbd
Affiliate tracking cookie helps to count visitors from websites participating in Impact Radius affiliate marketplace.
cookieconsent_status
Cookie that records your Acceptance or Refusal of cookies on our website.
__cfduid
CloudFlare cookie that does not contain any user identification information, and used to detect user country.
Third-party Cookies
Vimeo player cookies are set during video playback on BeLight Software website.
Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Vimeo, Flickr and other third-party tools may set cookies for sharing content on social networks or for producing access statistics. The presence, number and status of cookies may depend on how you use the platforms concerned before or while visiting this website.
You should ascertain what the relevant sites’ policy is on social networking cookies.
Google Privacy Policy
Vimeo Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
FastSpring Privacy Policy
Trimble Privacy Policy
Removing Cookies
You can enable or disable the use of cookies for all websites you visit through your web browser cookie settings:
Apple Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
For other browsers, consult the information of the browser you have installed.
If you change your mind and want to remove cookies set by our website, click Refuse Cookies button below and leave the website. By refreshing the page or browsing to other website pages you will again agree to the storing website cookies on your device.
Refuse Cookies