http://www.adifo.com/en/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Cookie policy
Adifo Cookie Policy
This is the cookie policy of the websites of Adifo NV (hereinafter jointly referred to as “Adifo” or “we”). Adifo NV is a public limited liability company incorporated under Belgian law, whose registered office is established at 9990 Maldegem, Industrielaan 11B, Belgium.
This cookie policy aims at informing you about the use of cookies by Adifo. This policy should be read together with Adifo’s privacy policy, which is available here at the top of this page.
The cookie policy can be modified, e.g. as a result of new functionalities on the website that require the processing of personal data. We thus advise you to check this Cookie policy regularly. Any major changes will be announced via our homepage.
This version of the cookie policy was last modified on May 4th, 2018.
1. Adifo websites and cookies
When you visit our websites, we collect certain information by automated means, using cookies. We may also use other technologies such as pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs and web beacons for similar purposes as described in this policy and we may include them on our sites, in marketing e-mail messages or our newsletter, affiliated websites, etc., to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other technologies. The information we collect via cookies and other tools is used in a non-identifiable way without any reference to your personal information.
2. What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are installed on your browser, on your computer or on your mobile device. They allow a website to recognise your device. Cookies can have several purposes: to ensure that the website takes into account the user’s preferences by for example remembering language preferences, to collect statistical data, to adapt the content etc.
3. Which cookies do we use?
We use cookies for different reasons: for the technical and functional management of the website, to personalise your website visit, to give us commercial and marketing information and to enable users to share content.
We use both functional, performance and navigational cookies:
Functional cookies: cookies that improve the convenience of your Website visit and improve the User experience.
Performance cookies: cookies that gather information to evaluate and improve the content of our Website (e.g.: analytics).
Navigational cookies: cookies that collect information about your computer and your visits to this Website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed.
Below you will find a summary of the cookies that Adifo uses on its websites:
Name
Information
Expiration period
_ga
Used to distinguish users
2 years
_gat
Used to throttle request rate
10 minutes
__hstc
The main cookie for tracking Users. It contains: the domain, utk (see below), initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session)
2 years
hubspotutk
This cookie is used to keep track of a User's identity. This cookie is passed on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
10 years
__hssc
Cookie for keeping track of sessions. This is used to determine if we should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains: the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), session start timestamp.
30 minutes
__hssrc
Whenever we change the __hssc session cookie, this cookie is also set. We set it simply to the value "1", and use it to determine if the User has restarted his browser. If this cookie does not exist when we manage cookies, we assume it is a new session.
None. Session cookie
__hs_testcookie
This cookie is used to test whether the User has support for cookies enabled.
None. Session cookie
hsPagesViewedThisSession
This cookie is used to keep track of page views in a session.
None. Session cookie
hsfirstvisit
This cookie is used to keep track of a User’s first visit.
10 years
Some cookies we use are from third parties, such as [Google, Adobe, Hubspot, Hotjar, Marketo, LinkedIn] to provide us with web analytics and intelligence about our websites. These companies use programming codes to collect information about your interaction with our sites, such as the pages you visit, the links you click on and how long you are on our sites. For more information on how these companies collect and use your information, please refer to their privacy and cookie policies.
4. How can you delete or block our cookies or change your cookie settings?
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our websites. By using our websites, you agree we can place cookies on your device.
Users can, at any time, delete the already installed cookies on their computer or mobile device as well using their internet browser’s cookie settings. These settings are usually found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your internet browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise, you should use the 'Help' option in your internet browser for more details.
However, remember that, if you turn off cookies, certain parts of our websites and some graphic elements may not be accessible or not look as good and you may not be able to use certain applications.
5. Questions?
If you have further questions or complaints about this website or about this cookie policy, you can also contact privacy@adifo.com.
brands.
industries.
integrations.
contact info.
Industrielaan 11B
9990 Maldegem, Belgium
+32 50 303 211
contact us
Sign-up to our newsletter
support & helpdesk.
BESTMIX: +32 50 303 201
MILAS: +32 50 303 200
Go to our customer portal