https://www.webtrends.com/legal/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Revised: October 04, 2019This Cookie Policy explains how cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies(s)”) are used by our web sites, applications, emails, and other applications (collectively, “Sites”). This policy explains how these technologies work, why they are used, and your right to control their use. Please review our Privacy Statement for more information about Webtrends privacy practices. We may change this Cookie Policy at any time. Please take a look at the “LAST REVISED” date at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised. Any change in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Site. If you have any question, please contact us by email at privacy@webtrends.com, or write to us at the following address: Webtrends, 818 SW 3rd Ave, #61, Portland, OR 97204 attn.: Privacy Team. 1. What Is a Cookie? A cookie is a small text file that includes a unique identifier that is sent to a user’s browser from a website’s computers and stored on a user’s Device (e.g. computer, tablet, smart phone). A Cookie stores a small amount of data on your Device about your visit to the Site. We may also use “web beacons” (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies on our Site to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A web beacon is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote website on the internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A web beacon helps us to understand whether you came to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, measure successes of email marketing campaigns and improve our website performance. They may also enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your personal information. In many instances, web beacons rely on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning. We place and access Cookies on your Device; these Cookies are known as “first-party Cookies.” Cookies may also be placed and accessed by some of our third-party vendors, which are known as “third-party Cookies” and are described below. Some Cookies are “session Cookies,” which means that they are temporary Cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our Site. Other Cookies are “persistent Cookies,” which means that they are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Site. You can choose whether to accept Cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you disable this function (or keep this function disabled, as set by default by certain browsers), your experience on the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. 2. What Cookies Do We Use? To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party Cookies, our Privacy Policy applies and complements this Cookie Policy. Personal information collected through a third-party Cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy. Essential Cookies Essential Cookies enable you to navigate the Site and to use its services and features. Without these necessary Cookies, the Site will may not perform correctly and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to login. Preference Cookies Preference Cookies collect information about your choices and preferences and to customize the Site accordingly. Social Media Cookies Social media Cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content you find interesting on our Site through third-party social networking and other websites. These Cookies may also be used for advertising purposes. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies collect information about your use of the Site, and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, Analytics Cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Site, help us record any difficulties you have with the Site, and show us whether our advertising is effective or not. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies are set to manage our advertising. These Cookies collect information about your activities on this Site and other websites to provide you targeted advertising. Advertising is not personalized or targeted based on your activities. How Do I Manage Cookies? You can change your Cookie settings above by opting out of all Cookies by activating settings on your browser. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our Site that depend on Cookies. Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable Cookies can be found at: https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ Please be aware that if Cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended.
Legal Terms of Subscription Service Professional Services Terms and Conditions End User License Agreement Website Terms of UsePrivacy and Security Security Statement Privacy Statement GDPR FAQ CCPA FAQ Cookie Policy
We use cookies to recognize your repeat visits and preferences, as well as to measure
the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and analyze traffic. To learn more about cookies,
including how to disable them, read our Cookie Policy. By clicking "I Accept" on this banner, or using our site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them.
I Accept
Go to Top