http://www.unitedwebworks.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 2018
The below information will refer to UnitedWebWorks.com (“UnitedWebWorks.com”, “we”, “our”). Your privacy is important to us. It is United WebWorks’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website and other sites we own and operate.
PRIVACY POLICY HIGHLIGHTS
This Highlights section contains an overview of our privacy practices. The full Privacy Policy is available here. This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog or website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. We collect:
information you provide to us;
information about how you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online services;
information about the computers and devices you use to access our services;
information about your online activities and your interests;
information about how you respond to our communications;
information about the location of your mobile device based on the location of nearby WiFi networks or, subject to your consent, information accessed via the location functionality of your device; and information about you from publicly or commercially available sources.
Additionally, we collect passive data collection.This means that United WebWorks and our service providers may automatically collect certain technical information from your computer or mobile device when you use our services or interact with us. The information we may collect includes:
IP address
Operating system
Device type
Device manufacturer
Device identifier
Browser type
Content viewed on our services
Pages viewed immediately before and after you access our websites
Which content from us or our affiliated companies you view, access, or click on
Your activities over time and across United WebWorks network and within the network of websites include:
Whether you open our electronic communications and where you click within them
Features of our services that you use
Name and location of your Internet Service Provider
Amount of time spent on our pages and how many pages you viewed during your visit
For more information about how we collect this information, see Use of Web Beacons, Cookies and Other Technologies.
When you use social media platforms, applications or tools that enable features like audio or video content (sometimes known as “plugins”), or other features that are operated or offered by other companies (sometimes known as “third parties”) and are integrated into our services or allow you to connect to our services, we may collect information from those third parties. Please refer to the privacy settings of the social media platforms or third-party features you use to manage how information is shared.
We, our service providers, and other third parties with which we do business may collect information about you from publicly available sources (e.g., social media platforms) and commercially available resources. We may combine that information with the information described above and will handle the combined information as described in this Privacy Policy.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
If you wish to forward an article or other information to a friend using our services, we will ask you to provide your friend’s name and email address. We may collect statistics on which articles are forwarded. We do not sell, rent, or market information about the friends to whom you forward articles or information, and we use your friends’ names and email addresses only for purposes of forwarding articles or other information subject to your request.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Why do we use this information?
to provide you with products and services and respond to your requests;
for research purposes;
to communicate with you about United WebWorks; learn about you; send you or provide you with content based on your interests; and
to improve, maintain, and troubleshoot our services.
With whom do we share this information?
with third parties, including service providers that process information on our behalf, to facilitate transactions and provide you with services;
with our affiliates;
to facilitate interest-based advertising; and
in association with a transfer of a business or related assets; when there is a legal obligation to disclose your information; or to protect our legal rights, the public, or others.
Google :
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
Our Promise to You:
We do not share sensitive personal information (i.e. credit card information) to third parties for their marketing purposes or other independent use.
We may share Aggregated Information with third parties that provide content and services for us. We may also share Aggregated Information with advertisers and others so that they can better understand our audience. For example, we might disclose the gender, age, or geographical breakdown of our user base.
Unless you have consented otherwise, we do not sell, rent, barter, or otherwise give away user lists, users’ names, email addresses, or mailing addresses so that advertisers or other third parties may send you advertisements or other solicitations.
You should know that when you voluntarily disclose personal information publicly on our services, that information may be collected and used by others and you may receive unsolicited communications from other people. When you share information via features offered on our services by other companies (sometimes known as “third-party plugins”), the privacy settings of the for those features govern how the information will be shared. When you are logged into our services, depending on the service you are logged into, your name may be displayed, and your email address and contact information may be viewed. Be sure to logout of your account and take other steps to ensure that others cannot view that information without your knowledge.
By using any of our services, you agree that we may collect, use and transfer your personal information as described in this privacy policy, including transfers outside the country where you live. If you reside in a country in the European Union or other jurisdiction that provides access rights under law, you may contact us as set forth below. You may be charged a reasonable fee for access to information.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. In addition to using regular Malware Scanning, your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
What are my choices?
You are free to refuse our to request your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services. Please note: Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
You may update or delete the account information you provide us for any of our services in the account information page for that service.
You may indicate your preferences regarding marketing communications by contacting us at the information below.
You can learn about your ability to register your “do not track” preferences in the Cookies section of the full Policy.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@unitedwebworks.com. Or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
If you would like to opt out of Google tracking, users can opt out by setting preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Is there anything else I need to know?
We use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Our services are not intended for children under 13.
We are not responsible for any third-party products or services you access via our services.
We may notify you of material updates to our Privacy Policy via email and will post a notice at UnitedWebWorks.com. Your continued use of our services after notice constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email within 7 business days. We will notify the users via in-site notification within 7 business days.
CAN SPAM Act Notice
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. For more information, see: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes: On our Privacy Policy Page
You can change your personal information by e-mailing us at info@unitedwebworks.com
Cookies Policy
Our services and communications may contain links to or content from websites or other online services provided by third parties. We expect our partners and third-party providers to respect your privacy, but you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by websites and other services that are not under our control. The privacy practices of third parties are governed by their privacy policies, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of all websites and online services that you use, view, or visit.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
In addition to cookies, we may use web beacons (also known as pixels), and other technologies to collect information when you use our services.
Third-party content providers, advertisers, and advertising companies may place cookies on your computer or mobile device. Those cookies are controlled by the third parties and are not governed by this Privacy Policy
We and some of our advertisers work with ad networks and ad delivery platforms that place retargeting pixels on users’ computers to gather information about users’ online activities, such as browsing histories and demographic information. This information can be aggregated into audience segments, which help deliver relevant advertising to users visiting our websites and third-party websites that use the same pixels.
Some of our services and communications may contain tiny electronic images known as web beacons. We use web beacons to assist us in delivering cookies on our services and to allow us to count users who have visited those pages. We may include web beacons in promotional email messages in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
What you can do about cookies:
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. For more information on Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, and your continued use of the Site after such changes have been made constitutes acceptance of those changes. If you are a registered user of our services and we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we use or share the information previously collected from you through our services, we will notify you of those revisions by sending an email to the email address listed in your registration. We will also post a notice of any material change to this policy by posting a notice on UnitedWebWorks.com.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, we may be reached at:
600 Commercial Court
Savannah, GA 31406
912-231-0016
or at info@UnitedWebWorks.com