https://www.sykes.com/how-we-help/holistic-cx/intelligent-cx-tech-innovations/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Intelligent CX Innovations
OUR CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE SOLUTIONS PROVIDE VALUABLE INSIGHTS AND TRANSPARENCY.
Our advanced technology capabilities and analytics underpin all that we do, helping us achieve an intelligent customer experience through:
- “Perfect-fit” talent, hand-picked to meet our brand partners’ unique needs
- Advanced cloud-based technologies
- Expertise in data labeling
- Premier security and compliance measures
Contact Us
Innovations in artificial intelligence (AI) are fueled by our key analytics insights, combining machine learning with human capital to continually improve our personalized service experience.
Cloud-Based Technologies
Our cloud-based technologies enhance flexibility, scalability and speed, as well as enable rapid and continuous innovation.
These offerings include:
Advanced intelligent routing based on customer and agent attributes
Machine learning and real-time analytics
Collaboration and personalization engines
Recommendation engines
Telephony offerings
Analytics platform for modeling and real-time decision support
OneTEAM service delivery and workforce management platform
Our proprietary, cloud-based service delivery platform is designed to provide a centralized, scalable, and data-driven environment for customer interaction management.
Founded on the core components of our virtual and brick-and-mortar delivery models, the innovative virtual environment enables an adaptive delivery model. OneTEAM streamlines core processes and facilitates a better experience for agents and customers.
Learn More
Data Labeling
Rich with data and poor with insights? That’s because you need data that’s labeled in a meaningful way for analysis.
We perform semantic annotation of all customer interaction logs — turning unstructured data into structured data — in real time and post-delivery as needed.
Once integrated into our AI engine, this labeled data reveals:
Top conversation topics
Outlier performance
Conversational paths
Communication breakdowns
And more — our final report will uncover your current CX issues, trends and opportunities.
Insight Analytics
Our award-winning, proprietary analytics suite is an invaluable tool available to our brand partners.
Insight Analytics allows us to:
Actively listen to and review customer interactions
Perform structured data analyses to gather key insights
Build a comprehensive view of the full customer journey
Dive deep into all customer-contact touchpoints and the overall call-flow
Analyze the entire customer experience and customer-contact process
Establish best practices
Optimize overall costs
Create an intelligent customer experience
Learn More
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
AI customer-care bots, robotic process automation and other forms of artificial intelligence are being incorporated into many of our active programs to identify best practices and associated benefits.
Our advanced insight analytics capture key learnings, which help our bots be more efficient, effective and streamlined. These innovations help enhance the customer journey and automate portions of the service experience.
Personalization
Integrated technologies and analytics help us understand the customer’s digital journey, including any prior effort or interactions and their outcomes. We can then provide a personalized experience through the optimal channel, whether that’s through digital self-service, by proactively offering related web content or by connecting them directly with an agent. All of which allows us to fulfill the SYKES promise to serve REAL PEOPLE. REAL SOLUTIONS.®
Security & Compliance
Utilizing a globally recognized security framework, we are actively identifying threats and partnering with our clients to protect company and customer data.
By integrating technology innovations and educating our employees on how to detect events and trends, we can respond quickly to incidents. We collaborate with our clients and their security and compliance organizations to ensure that recovery and improvements lead future prevention. Additionally, we monitor critical KPIs to measure the effectiveness of our security framework.
Learn More
More Resources
VideoRelatedThe Future of CX & AI With Dave Pearson
VideoRelatedRobots Taking Over Customer Care? Not Quite.
Thought LeadershipRelatedUsing AI Can Help Create More Human Customer Experiences
Case StudyRelatedAutomated Intelligence Creates Upsell Opportunities
Case StudyRelatedPeople & Data Intelligence Create Powerful Digital Transformations
We Can Help
Your business has unique needs. See the difference a customized solution can make to your customer retention and satisfaction as well as your bottom line.
CONTACT US
Follow Us on Social Media
Company Investor Relations
Leadership
Sustainability
News
How We Help Outsourcing
Holistic CX
Service to Sales
Extend Your Brand
Digital Transformation
Industries Served Communications
Energy & Utilities
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance Services
Retail
Small & Medium Businesses
Technology
Travel
More Information Locations
CareersContact
Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated is a leading provider of multichannel demand generation and customer engagement services for Global 2000 companies and their end customers. SYKES’ differentiated full lifecycle solutions and services — digital marketing, sales expertise, customer service, technical support and more through multichannel delivery platforms — effectively engage customers at every touchpoint of the customer journey. Our complete service offering helps clients acquire, retain and increase the lifetime value of their customer relationships through cost-effective solutions that enhance the customer service experience, promote stronger brand loyalty, and foster high levels of performance and profitability.
Terms of Use | Privacy & Cookies | Standards of Conduct | Accessibility
SYKES Family of Companies Learn More
Copyright © 2020 Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated
Company
About Us
Awards
Board of Directors
Employee Spotlight
Investor Relations
Leadership
News
Sustainability
SYKES Institute
How We Help
Outsourcing
Talent Acquisition
Talent Development
Transaction Handling
Coaching and Engagement
Delivery Models
Work At Home
Risk Management
Technology Platform
Holistic CX
Intelligent CX Innovations
Insight Analytics
Multi-Channel Solutions
Social Media Care
Chat Support
Service to Sales
Sales Through Service
Customer Selection
Customer Acquisition
Customer Retention
Extend Your Brand
Customer Growth
Digital Marketing & Inbound Sales
Sykes Assistance Services
Social Media Care
Digital Transformation
Supercharge Workforce
Drive Growth With Better CX
Reduce Operating Costs
Industries
Communications
Energy & Utilities
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance Services
Retail
Small & Medium Businesses
Technology
Travel
Locations
Asia Pacific
Australia
China
India
Philippines
Europe Middle East & Africa
Cyprus
Denmark
Egypt
Finland
Germany
Hungary
Norway
Romania
Sweden
United Kingdom
Latin America
Brazil
Colombia
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Mexico
North America
Canada
United States
Careers
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
E-Books
Fact Sheets
Glossary
OnBrand
OneTAKE
Reports
SYKES Quarterly
Thought Leadership
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
Investor Relations
Contact
This website uses first- and third-party cookies to improve your viewing experience and help us understand how our website is being used. By continuing to explore our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Click here for more information on our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Policy
This website uses first- and third-party cookies to improve your viewing experience and help us understand how our website is being used. By continuing to explore our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
View Privacy PoliciesTerms of Use
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings