http://www.labelcity.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Labelcity Privacy Policy Updated 05/25/2018 Please read this Privacy Statement carefully before viewing/using this website. By using this website you have accepted the terms of our Privacy Policy. The terms and conditions of use as well as the content of the website are subject to change at any time without prior notice. PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT Your privacy is as important to us as it is to you. We respect your right to have your details kept in a safe and secure manner, and trust that our Privacy Policy properly explains what information we collect and how it is used. WHO WE ARE Labelcity, Inc. (Labelcity) is a privately owned, Delaware-Incorporated company (since 2001), which is headquartered in Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania USA (our full contact details are listed below). We sell Label Printers and Label Supplies primarily Dymo brand and Labelcity brand. We sell via our website https://www.labelcity.com and also accept orders by telephone, facsimile, email and regular mail. We only ship to customers in the United States of America, Canada and Australia (in the past we have shipped to various other countries, but internal and external policy has recently mandated that we only now ship to these 3 countries). The majority of our sales are Business-to-Business (B2B) with a small number being Business-to-Consumer (B2C). INFORMATION WE COLLECT Labelcity only collects relevant Business and Personal information for processing of the tasks listed below (see under "WHAT WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR"). We only collect the basic information that is required to perfom these tasks. Since most of our business is B2B, the majority of the information we collect is Business/Company-related, although there is some overlap because an actual person needs to place an order with us, and some of their personal details will be collected (i.e. Name and Email Address). The type of Business / Personal information we do collect can be summarized (but not entirely limited to) : your name, company name, address (billing/shipping), e-mail address, phone number, fax number, payment details. We do not utilize personal details such as gender, race, religion or special interests for any purpose whatsoever. WHAT WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR Labelcity does NOT buy, sell, swap or trade Customer/Vendor information with any other party. There are no exceptions to this rule. Our database is our biggest asset and protection of it is a #1 priority of ours. Labelcity uses your information for the following (but not entirely limited to) purposes: - processing, delivering and following-up of Orders you might place with us - delivering News / Promotional emails to you at your request - delivering Promotional items to you at your request - answering your questions whether they be via telephone/email/facsimile/mail - sending you product or order information at your request - providing you with historical details of your transaction history with us - compliance with Local, State and Federal Government institutions WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE DATA Like millions of other companies, Labelcity utilizes various Shipping Companies (i.e. FedEx, UPS, USPS etc) and we also use a 3rd-party Logistics Company for the shipment/delivery of orders. The only data transmitted to these institutions is the bare minimum required to facilitate the delivery of an order, i.e. Company Name, Contact Name, Delivery Address, Items/Qty Ordered, and sometimes a Telephone number. Data is transferred in an encrypted state using Secured Socket Layer (SSL) technology.WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS? We run a ZERO-SPAM policy. We do not send unsolicted emails and we do not sell, swap or trade our Customer or Supplier email addresses. Some people ask why we need to collect email addresses, and the answer is very simple. (i) our system actually uses your email address to update you on your order status (order received, order shipped, order billed) (ii) your email address can be used as your login name on our website, and
(iii) your email address is the 'key' to updating you on your password should you forget it. Note: Soon after you have registered your account with Labelcity or made your first purchase, we might send you one single 'Welcome' email which will tell you where you can find resources such as Support/Warranty information, Promotions and News items pertaining to your purchase. WHERE WE STORE YOUR DATA AND IS IT SECURE? Labelcity is committed to protecting the security of your Business and Personal data. Labelcity (including our website) uses an ERP Software Package called NetSuite (by Oracle) where our/your transaction details are stored. NetSuite has met a host of audit and security standards including SOC 1, PCI-DSS and EU-US Privacy Shield framework. In-depth information pertaining to Data Management & Security employed by NetSuite can be viewed here. Labelcity utilizes Microsoft Office 365 for email correspondence, ensuring safety and security of any stored data at our end. Information about Microsoft Office 365 Security can be viewed here. Labelcity utilizes a 100% opt-in-only Email marketing service from iContact.com - Information about iContact Privacy Policy can be viewed here. Finally, Labelcity does store some customer/vendor electronic data in our own electronic information systems, but this data is very limited to documents which contain little in terms of personal information, examples include : Customer Credit Applications, Tax Exemption Certificates, Vendor Bills and various other documents required for Local, State and Federal regulations. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data when you transmit it to us. But, once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorized access. All electronically stored Personal Data is stored on a secure network with monitored firewall protection, and access to our electronic information systems requires user authentication via username / password or similar means. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR DATA Labelcity will contnue to retain and process your Business and/or Personal information as long as is needed to provide the product or service that you’ve elected to receive from us - see the next section for details on how to have personal information erased. Labelcity will store your data for as long as is required to comply with Local, State and Federal Government requirements. YOUR RIGHTS PERTAINING TO PERSONAL INFORMATION Labelcity gives you the utmost control over how any of your Personal information is used or processed. You can request us to edit or delete any of your personal information (free of charge) by email (sales@labelcity.com) or by using any of the contact methods on our Contacts/Locations webpage The rights you have pertaining to your personal information are: - you can ask about the personal information we hold about you and we will gladly inform you - you can request your personal information is edited/updated and once updated we will inform you - you can request that your data is no longer processed and we will stop processing your data immediately - you can object to receiving email marketing communications from us simply by 'opting out' and we will show you how this is done (remember our system will automatically email you about order confirmations, shipments and receipts/invoices - this is completely separate from email marketing - if you don't place an order with us, you won't receive any further emails) - you can ask for your personal information to be erased, once no longer required for Legal, Statutory, Taxation or Contract obligations (in this case we would keep the absolute bare minimum information to comply). COOKIES AND WHAT WE USE THEM FOR Yes, we use cookies, like millions of other websites do. If you don't already know what Cookies are, Google sums it up quite nicely "Cookies are files created by websites you visit. They make your online experience easier by saving browsing information. With cookies, sites can keep you signed in, remember your site preferences, and give you locally relevant content". Labelcity uses a number of different types of cookies, the primary being an essential cookie that enables you to create a shopping cart and navigate through our checkout process. We also use cookies for a number of other purposes, one being for Analytics. Analytics cookies do not identify an individual user but they provide us with website data such as (i) number of visitors to our site, (ii) referring websites, (iii) pages visited while on our site, (iv) the time of day visited our site, (v) if this is a new or repeat visitor (vi) if the user made a purchase, and other similar web activity information. We use this anonymous data to understand user behavior on our website, with the ultimate goal being to make your experience with us better. Remember, this data is anonymous, no personal information is collected. Another type of cookie is an Advertising cookie. Again this type of cookie is anonymous in that it does not provide us with any of your personal information, but enables 3rd party applications like search engines (i.e. Google, Bing) to display relevant content to you based on your browser activity or search query/history. We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile (see below for opt-out link). We also use a Social Media bar which contains a cookie that enables you to share or like a page or product on our website. Once again, from our side of the equation the data transmited is anonymous - we may receive aggregated data from the vendor of the Social Media bar showing how many shares/likes were received in a given period, but no personal data is collected. From the users side of the equation, Social media platforms such as FaceBook, Twitter, Instagram etc may collect personal data, so we encourgae you to explore their Privacy Policies in regards to this.
You can easily control the use of cookies from your web browser, and following we have listed links to the various vendors - Google Chrome - Internet Explorer - Mozilla Firefox - Safari (Desktop) - Safari (Mobile) - Android Browser - Opera - Opera Mobile - If your browser is not listed, please see the help section in your browser and search for 'cookies'
Following is a list of Marketing and 3rd Party Cookies that are typically used on this website. Each one links to the controls that you have at your disposal to allow/disallow them. - Bing Ads - Google Adwords - Google Analytics - HotJar Analytics - AddThis Social Media BarLINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES This website links to other websites, even right from this Privacy Policy page. Labelcity neither endorses or takes responsibility for the content on (or information contained within) the websites we link to, and we highly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy of each website we link to. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY Labelcity will from time to time make changes to this Privacy Policy to keep in line with appropriate regulations. PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions relating to our Privacy Policy or using our website, please feel free to contact us directly using the following contact details: Telephone:
Tollfree from within the USA (888) 999-6333
From outside USA +1 (570) 325-9800 Facsimile:
Tollfree from within the USA (866) 999-5533
From outside USA +1 (570) 325-2990 Email: sales@labelcity.comPostal Mail:
Labelcity, Inc.
PO Box 450
Jim Thorpe PA 18229
USA CON