http://www.telnetnetworks.ca/about-telnet-networks/privacy-policy.html
sales@telnetnetworks.ca
Call Us:1.800.561.4019
HomeAboutPrivacy Policy
Newsletter
Subscribe to our mailing list
For a Free Quote...
Request a Quote
31 August 2017
Telnet Networks Privacy Policy Statement
Our Privacy Policy In Short:
We do not share our information with any other company for any reason.
We store our information securely and responsibly.
We collect information on our site for 2 reasons - To provide evaluation copies of software, and to provide a mechanism for customer feedback. In both cases, a base amount of information is required. In both cases, we provide an option to Opt-In to our newsletter.
We will remove your name from our mailing list by request.
We collect information on our website through forms in order to provide software demonstrations, and to provide a mechanism for customer contact.
We do not share our mailing list with ANYONE.
If you would like to be removed from our mailing list, tell us - we'd be more than happy to accommodate.
This is the web site of
Telnet Networks Inc. .
Our postal address is
100 Strowger Blvd, Suite 118, Brockville, ON, K6V 5J9
We can be reached via e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or you can reach us by telephone at 1 800 561-4019.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
JComments
Contact Us
Address:
Telnet Networks Inc.100 Strowger BlvdSuite 118Brockville, ON  K6V 5J9Canada
Phone:
(800) 561-4019
Fax:
613-498-0075
Email:
sales@telnetnetworks.ca
For More Information about Telnet Networks, our products, or our services, or to request a quote please feel free to contact us directly.
Latest Blog Posts
Kemp Acquires Flowmon for Predictive Network Performance Monitoring and Network Detection & Response
SaskTel launches CAD50m rural FTTP project
Webinar: Let's Talk Security
Canada adds CAD750m to Universal Broadband Fund
Bell expands Wireless Home Internet to Atlantic Canada
Key Links
Synchronized Time Display Clocks
Precision Timing & Synchronization
Digital Clock Message Boards
Spectracom GPS Network Time Servers
Ixia - Network Taps
Flowmon - NetFlow Monitoring
Contact Centre Testing
Infosim Stablenet - Network Monitoring Software
ProfiShark Network TAPs
Latest Blog Posts
Kemp Acquires Flowmon for Predictive Network Performance Monitoring and Network Detection & Response
SaskTel launches CAD50m rural FTTP project
Webinar: Let's Talk Security
Canada adds CAD750m to Universal Broadband Fund
Bell expands Wireless Home Internet to Atlantic Canada
View all