https://www.neogov.com/privacy-policy
Products
Recruit
Insight
GovernmentJobs
Onboard
Develop
Perform
Learn
Manage
eForms
HRIS
Workmates
Why NEOGOV
Case Studies
Customers
Testimonials
Marketplace
Resources
Blog
Events
CONNECT
Press
Resource Library
Pricing
Sign In
Request Demo
NEOGOV PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: November 2, 2020
GOVERNMENTJOBS.COM, INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Contents
Introduction
About this Policy
Information We Collect About You
Our Use of Your Information
Information We Disclose
Your Data Rights
Retention and Removal
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies; “Do Not Track”
Data Security and Integrity
Information on Children
Your California Privacy Rights
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Your Rights and Control Under EU GDPR
Right to Revise
Contact Details
Privacy Contacts
Introduction
Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (DBA “NEOGOV”; “NEOED” and referred to herein as “we”, or “us”) is committed providing transparency regarding use of your information. We collect personal information by lawful and fair means with your knowledge and where appropriate, your consent. We consider information privacy throughout our product lifecycle - from inception, to production, and ongoing support.
The principal purpose of this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is to describe how we collect, use, protect, and disclose personal information online and offline but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy.
About This Policy
By using any part of the Services you agree that your information will be processed as described in this Policy and you have read and agree to be bound by this Policy. Please note, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by our partners, sites that link to or are accessible from our Services, and employers that utilize our Services (our “Customers”) that have their own privacy policies you may be subject to.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Governmentjobs.com Terms of Use. Definitions not explicitly defined herein shall retain the meaning as prescribed in the Terms of Use. Any dispute related to privacy is subject to the Terms of Use and this Policy, including limitations on liability. If you disagree with this Policy or NEOGOV’s Terms of Use, please do not use our Services.
Information We Collect About You
We require certain personal information in order to provide you Services, automatically collect information during your usage, and collect other information about you from other sources. The information we collect depends on the context – who “you” are in a given interaction and how you are using our services. In this Section we set out general categories of personal information and data we may collect and process.
Information Provided By You
We collect information from you directly when you visit our Services from either your computer, mobile phone, or other device. For example, certain information we collect is necessary to provide the Services to you or our Customers, such as the information collected with you create an account, submit a job application, or information used to interact with you regarding support or inquiries about our Services. We also collect information from you to register for text message or email communications, or when communicate through the Services. The categories of information we collect include the following:
Inquiry and Contact Data. We process information contained in or relating to any inquiry and contact information you submit to us regarding the Services, support, in response to a survey, or interaction with our sales team, including: name; email; phone number; address and related contact data. If you are a Customer or one of our partners, we collect Contact Data of primary users or designated contacts to administer the relationship or for other specified purposes.
Account Data. We may process your account data which may include your account credentials, email address, and account activity or other security related information.
Job Application and Profile Data. We may process personal information within the job applications you send to employers who use our Services, as well as information processed on our Services throughout the relationship you maintain with that employer. Typical personal information found in a job application or within a user profile may include name, address, e-mail, telephone number, resume, driver’s license, work experience and performance data, education history, age, gender, race, information related to your health or financial information, marital status, military or veteran status, your signature, or and any other supplemental information added at your discretion or requested by an employer.
Transaction and Billing Data. We allow payment processing companies to process information relating to transactions, including purchases of Services, that you enter on the Services or payment processor website, or to facilitate processing of payroll and tax services. If you make an online payment to us through a payment processing company, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number).
Voice Data. With your permission we collect voice recordings when you interact with our support teams to diagnose issues, our product teams to improve our services, our implementation teams during implementation of our Services, and our sales teams while providing demos of our Services.
Publication Data. We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our Services (e.g., feedback comments, information you provide to our support teams, videos, photographs, images).
Contests and Survey Data. When you complete any forms, respond to a survey or questionnaire, or participate in a contest, we collect the personal data you provide.
Resume Data. We collect information to evaluate you for a job opening with us, including your name, employment and education history, and references.
You may voluntarily submit other information to us through our Services that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
Information Collected Automatically
With the help of our Service Providers, we also automatically collect information about you and your device and how you interact with our Services. Categories of information collected automatically include the following:
Usage Data. We may process data about your use of our Services. This information may include webpages visited, what you click on, features you use, how often and when you use features, e-mails you view, and the Services you purchase.
Location Data. We collect data about your device’s location by tracking the IP address or data that indicates a country, state, city or postal code.
Device Data. We may process information about your device or how you access our Services. Device Data may include Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, device type, software and hardware attributes, your operating system, system and performance information, cookie date/time stamp, and search terms entered on the site.
Tracking Data. We use tracking services that employ logs, cookies, pixel tags, and embedded scripts to collect user statistics and usage about visitors of our Services and receipt of communications.
Log Data. Our servers maintain log files that document events that occur during interaction with our Services and servers. Logs include information about the nature of each access, IP address, ISP, files viewed, content changes in certain cases, operating systems, device type and timestamps.
Cookie Data. We use cookies to improve your online experience and tailor content to you. For more information on Cookies see the “Cookies” section below.
Pixel Tags. We use pixel tags (aka “web beacons”) in combination with cookies that are embedded in our emails and webpages. Pixel tags send information about your use to our servers.
Embedded Scripts. We use embedded scripts to collect information about how you interact with our Services.
Information From Other Sources
We also receive information about you from other sources. For example, we receive information about the status of background checks you participate in, updates from payment processors regarding your purchases, receipts and analytics for text communications you send and receive, and information you provide to, or automatically collected by, our hosting providers.
Categories of information collected from other sources include the following:
Partners. We collect and use information collected by integrators and from partners for joint product and marketing opportunities. This information may include Account, Transaction, Billing, Profile, and Tracking Data. Integrations may include payment processing companies, background check and online assessment providers, communication providers, performance or analytics providers, or HR related services employers choose to integrate with our Services.
Public sources. We collect information from publicly accessible websites and government sources.
Data brokers. We purchase additional contact data to supplement and correct the Contact Data we collect.
Our Use of Your Information
We collect and process information in order to fulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the Services, fulfill your requests, pursue our legitimate interests and our business and commercial purposes. Your information will only be collected and used for purposes stated herein, where you provide additional consent, or as required by law or regulation - including national security or law enforcement requirements. Our purposes for using your information, including over the past year, consist of the following:
to process and manage our Services including to facilitate your use of such Services, maintain your user preferences, to help others find your profile and make your profile viewable by potential employers, transfer your job applications to potential employers (NEOGOV’s Customers), post for publication on the Services, and facilitate HR processes
to communicate with you and send you information as part of the Services regarding your requests for information, contests you entered into, newsletters and surveys, technical notices, security alerts, support and administrative messages, significant updates to the Services or policies, as well as relevant notifications regarding your account or job application, job suggestions, or the status of your background check or assessment (to learn how to manage these communications, see “Your Data Rights” below)
allow our Customers, their personnel, and job applicants to communicate with one another
marketing our products and features (for as long as you do not opt-out), measure the performance of email messaging and promotional campaigns, learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates, and improve our business activities
to provide support, troubleshoot and diagnose problems with our Services or servers, fix bugs, ensure the security of our Services, maintain back-ups of our databases, optimize the Services for particular devices and browsers, and ensure the Services are accessible
make improvements, enhancements, or modifications to the Services through data analysis and research of usage trends, feedback sessions, and analysis of enhancements contained in or relating to any communication you send us
make payments through the Services, bill you for use of our Services (if applicable), send notices regarding status of payments, forward payroll and tax information to partners to facilitate processing, and to ensure the Services you pay for those you have access to
track your preferences and behavior to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services and internal system administration, determine country of origin, identify clickstreams that led you to our Services, and make personalized recommendations of relevant job opportunities, features, and other content
ensure you can use our Services in conjunction with other services and facilitate your use of integrations
to verify your identity or confirm your location
to conduct research on social, economic and public sector hiring trends
fulfill other business activities at your direction
to respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, enforce our legal agreements where applicable, prevent potentially illegal activities, and screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity
We also use your information with your consent, including the following:
make personalized recommendations of content and features
to help others find your profile and make your profile viewable by potential employers and transfer your job applications to employers
communicate with you and send you information as part of the Services regarding your requests for information, contests you entered into, newsletters and surveys, significant updates to the Services or policies, as well as relevant notifications regarding your account or job application, or the status of your background check or assessment. Please note, you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We use your data to derive data that does not identify you in order to provide Customers with useful and relevant insights, build features, improve our Services and to develop de-identified data services. For instance, we combine information about you from your use of the Services with other information to make inferences about your job opportunities or Customer HR processes. We may produce the insights with the help of independent sources and processors. This Privacy Policy does not apply to non-personal information or instances where we aggregate or de-identify personal information.
Information We Disclose
We share information with other parties for the purposes stated herein or as required by law. The following categories are the entities we’ve shared information with, including over the past year.
Employers
We disclose information to employers that utilize our services. For instance, when a job seeker makes their profile information searchable within our Services or responds to a job posting, we will share information with employers in order to facilitate the job search and hiring process. If your current or former employer uses one of our Services, information you input into the Services is accessible by that employer’s end users - subject to the security and access controls set up by the employer.
Please note: Job applications and other information submitted to employers are generally controlled and managed by the employer. In those instances NEOGOV is processing that information on behalf of the employer - our Customer. Our legal obligations as a processor are set out in our Customer contracts and policies. If you apply to a job, make your profile viewable to employers, provide information to show interest in a job, or reply to a message from an employer using our Services, you consent to disclosing your information to that employer for their personnel to complete recruitment and hiring processes, contact you for current or future job opportunities, and respond to your support, product, and transaction inquiries. This Policy does not describe the processing of your information by our Customers, and we encourage you to visit the applicable Customer’s privacy policy for information about their privacy practices. Any questions you may have relating to the information processing by our Customers and your rights related to that processing should be directed to the agency you applied to or your employer that utilizes NEOGOV services.
Affiliates
We disclose information to our affiliates with our Customer’s consent in order to facilitate any Service transition or implementation services.
Service Providers
We share information with services providers hired to provide services on our behalf. For instance, we use service providers to facilitate our support services, data security, email, web hosting, credit card payments, deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content, deliver payroll processing and disbursements, coordinate our customer conferences, and manage our sales and customer relations. We share information with analytics and advertising companies that may act as our processor and a controller in other instances. We work with other entities to perform research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish insights, presented as aggregated, de-identified, or non-personal data. Where we share information with a party that is not our service provider, such sharing is either at your direction or the direction of our Customers. For example, we share information if you or a Customer chooses to use an integration in conjunction with our Services, to the extent necessary to facilitate that use. Integrations may include payment processing companies, background check and online assessment providers, communication providers, or other independent services Customer chooses to utilize our open API with.
We may share non-personal information with affiliated partners and use machine learning techniques on tracking and metadata in order to provide Customers with useful insights from the data they collected using Services, to build or enhance features, improve Services, and improve infrastructure and security.
We do not sell information in the traditional sense; however, should an activity we undertake constitute a “sale” under the expanded definition of “sale” within the California Consumer Privacy Act, California consumers have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. Please see “Your Data Rights” and “Your California Privacy Rights” for more information on how to exercise your right to opt out.
Other Parties When You Give Your Consent
We may also share personal information where you provide your consent or post your information publicly. Where required by law, additional consent is obtained before personal information is transferred to us or forwarded to other parties. For example, we share information with background check providers if a job applicant consents and we are instructed to do so by our Customers.
During your use of the Services you may have the opportunity to visit or link to other websites, including websites by third parties unaffiliated with us. We have no relationship or control over unaffiliated websites. These websites might collect personal information about you, and you should review the privacy policies of such other websites to see how they treat your personal information. Use of such websites are at your own risk.
Mergers, Acquisitions, Dissolutions
We may transfer or disclose information to another entity who acquires or may acquire any or all of our business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets, or bankruptcy.
Other Third Parties Where Required By Law
We also share personal information or data in order to: meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations; detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to NEOGOV and/or as required or permitted by law; protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; and where disclosure is necessary for establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or where there is reasonable belief that disclosure is required by law or regulations.
Your Data Rights
You can review and enforce your personal information rights through your account, communications you receive from us, third party mechanisms, or with the assistance of our support team.
Our Services incorporate privacy controls which allow you to specify and limit how we process your information, as well as update and remove information we retain about you.
For instance, to place limits on which Customers can preview your profile, log into your account on https://www.governmentjobs.com and go to your account settings. Job seekers can utilize similar privacy controls on a per Customer basis in each Career Page account created.
In certain circumstances you have the right to have inaccurate personal information about you rectified. You can modify or delete personal information within your account at any time by logging in to your applicable account and following the prompts to either “update my profile” or “delete my profile.”
You can change your email preferences to control notifications you receive from us and Customers or unsubscribe from a notification by following instructions contained within the notification itself, your account settings, or using your email provider preferences. For text message notification you can reply with “OPTOUT” to stop receiving texts.
You can restrict cookies by using your cookie manager settings.
You may have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal information and, where we do, access to the personal information. To see whether information on you is retained on our servers, please click here. Certain users are entitled to request copies of their personal information held by us. You can print a copy of your Profile information using your web browser and download your attachments at any time by logging into your account and following the download process.
For inquiries related to resetting your account, or if you believe someone else has gained access to your account or provided us your contact information, please contact support at: support@GovernmentJobs.com. If you have a valid data subject request, including a request to restrict or limit our use of your information, you may either contact support at privacy@governmentjobs.com or fill out a Data Subject Request Form if available.
To the extent the basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by using the privacy controls in your settings, within certain contacts you receive, by deleting personal information within your Profile, or by deleting your account. If you revoke your consent by deleting your account, your Profile will be removed from our job seeker server; however, revoking your consent will not remove applications you previously submit to employers or our aggregated, de-identified, or non-personal data.
Your Data Rights for Information You Submit to Our Customers
Upon submission of a job application or making your information available to an employer (our Customer), your information is controlled by that employer. In this regard, we are a data processor for personal information employers’ maintain in our servers, and we maintain limited rights to such data as permitted by our Customers’, to process as necessary to deliver the Services or support to Customers’, ensure safety and security of our Services, where necessary to protect our interests or the public interest, or as required by law.
For these reasons, we are not in a position to directly handle data requests for data controlled by Customers. Customers may store personal information they receive from you on our servers or their own storage facilities. Customers control the types of personal information requested from you, how it’s used, who can access it, and how long they retain this personal information. Your data rights are subject to Customer internal policies and applicable law. You should contact the Customer regarding personal information they may hold about you and to exercise any data rights you may have. We will cooperate with such inquiry to the extent it is permitted under our confidentiality and privacy obligations.
Retention and Removal
We retain your personal information for as long as your account is considered active, to provide you or our Customers our services, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, investigate security incidents, prevent fraud and abuse, protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, enforce our contractual agreements, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from messages or exercise your data rights.
Our retention policies and procedures are designed to help ensure our compliance with legal obligations and allow Customers to comply with their own record retention requirements. We implement retention controls within the Services that Customers utilize to control their data retention periods.
For personal information we determine the purposes for and means by which it is processed, such information will not be kept for longer than necessary for the purpose, when no longer relevant, or upon permissible request, and will be appropriately disposed in a manner designed to ensure it cannot be reconstructed or read.
Upon deletion of a job seeker account or any data point within the job seeker account, it will be removed from our job seeker database; however, your data may persist elsewhere, such as applications you previously submit to Customers will persist until Customer disposal. Job seekers should contact the Customer they sent the application to if they seek enforcement of eligible data rights in that application. We may retain de-identified information after your account has been closed.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies; "Do Not Track"
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser and device you use to access our Services. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
We and our partners use cookies on our Services. Insofar as those cookies are not necessary for the provision of our Services, or the legitimate interests of delivering and optimizing our Services, we receive your consent to use of cookies when you first visit our Services. When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication to identify you when you visit our Services, as you navigate our Services, to confirm whether you are currently logged in, and determine if an occurrence affects you.
Metrics to determine how you use the Services, what features you utilize and how often, how much time you spend on the Services and features, and other details about the hiring and HR process. This data is aggregated and anonymized.
Personalization to store information about your preferences and personalize our Services to you, including to supply Customers with details about their hiring processes, and provide job recommendations to job seekers and Customers based on their past interest.
Security to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials and to protect our Services generally.
Advertising and feedback to determine whether our advertising and feedback inquiries are received, opened, if the content or campaign is effective, and to provide you more specific content about Services we or our partners offer.
Analysis to help us analyze the use and performance of our Services, and display different versions of features or content, all of which helps us determine what parts of our Services need improvement and which ones you enjoy most (which may include marketing content).
Google Analytics and Adsense to analyze the use of our Services and publish advertisements. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
You can opt out of vendor use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting aboutads.info. In addition, most browsers allow you to refuse to accept or delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser. Please refer to your browser instructions on how to manage your cookies. Blocking all or some cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of the Services, and there is no industry consensus as to what site operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not respond to the browser “Do Not Track” signal if enabled by the end user in their web browser. When other parties we integrate with set or read their own cookies, they may or may not respond to the DNT signal.
Other data gathering mechanisms, such as web beacons, HTML Storage Objects, and web tags, are used by us and our service providers to gather more specific information on your use. A web beacon (also called a web bug or clear GIF) is a graphic on a webpage or in an email message that is designed to monitor who is reading the page or message. Web beacons are often invisible because they are typically only 1-by-1 pixel in size. Web beacons are often used alongside cookies to track activity. Web beacons may be used to add information to a profile about a site visited, provide an independent accounting of how many people have visited a website, gather statistics about usage, among other things. HTML Storage Objects are program code that collects information about your activity on our Services. The HTML is temporarily downloaded onto your device while you are connected to our Online Services.
Data Security and Integrity
We implement physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to maintain data accuracy, integrity, and security, prevent unauthorized access, and facilitate correct use of personal information. These safeguards include limiting access to data, storing personal information on secure servers and computers, encrypting personal information at rest and in transit, periodically testing our security technology, and training our employees in information security.
In addition, we seek to maintain contractual data security, confidentiality, and privacy obligations with our partners and vendors, and our employees that have access to personal information are subject to access, use, and confidentiality policies. Only authorized employees with a reasonable need related to their job duties have access to Customer and job seeker personal information. Employees who violate our policies are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Although we maintain the controls listed herein, transmission of data is not without risk and we complete security of your information cannot be guaranteed. Please note, you are responsible for keeping your username and password secret at all times.
In the event we believe the security of your personal information in our possession or control may be compromised, we may seek to notify you by e-mail and you consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification.
Information on Children
These Services are not directed at children under the age of thirteen (13) and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a person under the age of thirteen (13), we will delete the information from our records. If you believe that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 without parental consent, you may report this to us at privacy@governmentjobs.com.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old, you have the right to remove information you have posted to our Services. Please contact us at privacy@governmentjobs.com and describe what information you’ve posted that you now want removed. We will use reasonable efforts to remove such information in compliance with the law and our other obligations stated herein. We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization from either the consumer who is at least 13 but not yet 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have additional data rights including:
Right to notice of collection
We’ve provided details on what information is collected about you in Section 4 “Information We Collect About You”. However, to ensure compliance with CCPA, the following categories of information as defined by the CCPA have been collected over the past year.
Direct identifiers such as your name, User ID, and email.
Commercial information such as your transactions and purchases.
Employment and education history information including when you submit a job application through our services or apply to a job at NEOGOV.
Demographic data including your race, ethnicity, gender, marital status and any other demographic information requested by our Customers.
Internet or other electronic network activity including your search history on our job board, analytics regarding your use, and device identifiers for location and security.
Audio and electronic data including your signature and voice recordings collected with your consent while speaking to our support, sales, or product teams.
Information inferred and derived from other categories to determine your preferences and trends.
Right to notice of your data rights
Right to opt out of sale (“Do Not Sell My Information”)
NEOGOV allows select companies to place tracking technologies like cookies on our sites, which allow those companies to receive information about your activity on our Services. The companies may use that data to serve you more relevant ads on our sites or others. Sharing data for online advertising like this may be considered a “sale” of information. California consumers have a right to opt-out of these sales. You have control over whether these technologies work on your devices. You can disable them using browser Do Not Track features or Cookie Settings provided by us.
Right to know the categories of personal information collected about you and the business or commercial purpose of collection, the categories of collection methods and sources, categories of entities your information is sold or disclosed for a business purpose or disclosed to third parties for a business purpose - as well as the purpose of such disclosure (provided in the preceding sections of this Privacy Policy)
Right to access certain specific data fields stored about you and the right to delete such data
Right to non-discrimination by us for the exercise of any of your rights. on price or our Services based on your exercise of data rights
Right to have an authorized agent exercise your rights on your behalf. Note that we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and will verify your identity directly.
To exercise these rights, you can either contact our support team at privacy@governmentjobs.com. If you exercise your rights through emailing our support teams, please title the email “California Privacy Rights Request”, and within the body of the email specify what right you seek to invoke. Please note, if we cannot verify your identity we may deny certain data right requests.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf, but we require written proof of the agent’s permission and verify your identity directly.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request please send a letter to: Governmentjobs.com, Inc., 300 Continental Blvd. Suite 565, El Segundo, CA 90245 Attn: Privacy Department. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note Governmentjobs is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided mail address.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration. We do not currently sell personal information as defined under Nevada law. If you want to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at privacy@governmentjobs.com and include the words “Nevada Rights” in the subject line.
Your Rights and Control Under EU GDPR
Data Controllers and Processors
Our Customers use our Services to post job opportunities, evaluate job applicants, manage their human resource activities, and train their workforce. In conducting these activities, the Customer maintains control over what information is collected, how it is used, how long it is retained, and who it is disclosed to. For purposes of the EU GDPR, the Customer is considered a data controller in these respects and NEOGOV is a data processor. In other instances, such as when NEOGOV uses cookies or sends you Contact about our Services, NEOGOV will determine the means and purpose of processing.
Lawful Basis for Processing
For personal information subject to GDPR, we rely on multiple legal bases for processing, including:
Consent (which can be revoked by utilizing privacy controls, deleting Profile or Account Data, or contacting support).
When processing is necessary to perform a contract (e.g. delivering you the Services).
Legitimate business interests such as developing the Services, marketing new features or products, proper administration of our website and business, ensuring safety and security.
Where necessary to protect vital or public interests.
As required by law.
EU Data Subject Rights
Data subjects in Europe whose information we receive through appropriate safeguards have legal rights to determine whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment, or deletion in appropriate circumstances. In particular, your rights may include:
Data Access Rights
Right to Restrict Processing
Right of Rectification
Right to be Forgotten
Right to Object to Processing
Right to Withdraw Consent; and
Data Portability Rights
Some of these rights may be subject to exception and limitation. In any case, we will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time but no later than within 30 days of receiving a request. To request to exercise your rights, you may contact us at privacy@governmentjobs.com. Some of the rights are complex, and you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights. You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
If you visited our website and you want to exercise any of the above rights please contact our support team or privacy team at the contacts listed herein. If your request is for the right to be forgotten as it relates to our use of cookies, you can achieve this by clearing the cookies in your browser settings.
International Transfers
For personal data transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as through use of standard contractual clauses.
Governmentjobs.com, Inc complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Governmentjobs.com, Inc has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such personal data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern personal data processed in reliance on Privacy Shield. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. Governmentjobs.com, Inc. will use appropriate safeguards to comply with the judgement issued by the Court of Justice of the European Union on July 16, 2020 declaring the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as invalid.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your sensitive data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data, please submit a written request to privacy@governmentjobs.com.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Where Governmentjobs.com, Inc. relies on Privacy Shield Principles for onward transfers of personal data from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions, Governmentjobs.com, Inc. remains responsible under the Privacy Shield Principles for third-party agents processing personal data on its behalf.
Where Governmentjobs.com, Inc. receives personal data under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a service provider acting as agent, Governmentjobs.com, Inc. has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Governmentjobs.com, Inc. and (ii) Governmentjobs.com, Inc. is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Governmentjobs.com, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Governmentjobs.com’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to another party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, where Governmentjobs.com transfers personal data in reliance on Privacy Shield, Governtmentjobs.com, Inc. remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if any agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Governmentjobs.com proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Governmentjobs.com, Inc commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data transferred in reliance on Privacy Shield to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Governmentjobs.com by email at privacy@governmentjobs.com.
Governmentjobs.com, Inc. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints regarding personal data transferred in reliance on Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
Governmentjobs.com, Inc. has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on Privacy Shield and in the context of the employment relationship.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
Right to Revise
We reserve the right to revise our Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our online information practices or to comply with the law by publishing a new version on our website. In circumstances where we materially change the way in which we collect or use personal information, we materially change the terms of this Privacy Policy, or where personal information is no longer used consistently with a previously named purpose, we will provide notice and publish the new version on our website.
You should periodically check this page to remind yourself of the rights herein.
Contact Details
This website is owned and operated by Governmentjobs.com, Inc. (DBA “NEOGOV”). Our principal place of business is at 300 Continental Blvd., El Segundo, CA 90245. You can contact us by email, telephone, or regular mail using the contact information listed herein.
Privacy Contacts
If at any time you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to e-mail us at the appropriate contact relative your jurisdiction:
United States:            privacy@governmentjobs.com
(310) 426-6304
European Union:      Data Protection Manager at dpo@governmentjobs.com
Users who have a visual disability may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech tool to review the contents of this Privacy Policy. If you experience any difficulties assessing the information here or you wish to obtain a copy of this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the details above.
Sign up for Our Newsletter
Sign In
Get a Demo
PLATFORM
Recruit
Develop
Manage
Personality
WHY NEOGOV
Case Studies
Customers
Testimonials
Marketplace
RESOURCES
Blog
Events
Press
Resources Library
COMPANY
Our Story
Careers
GET IN TOUCH
888-NEOGOV1
Contact Us
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy |
Cookie Settings
© 2020 NEOGOV. All Rights Reserved.