http://www.stopzilla.com/about/privacy.php
Due to the Covid-19 outbreak, our support staff has been reduced and response times may be longer than expected. Thank you for your patience.
About | Contact | Reviews
English
Español
Live Chat
Products
STOPzilla AntiVirus
STOPzilla AntiMalware
Office Edition
Downloads
Download STOPzilla AntiVirus
Download STOPzilla AntiMalware
Support Center
Register New Key
Lost Key
Contact Support
FAQs
Fraud Discovery Form
Tech Support Scam
Report False Positive
Identity Theft Protection
Blog
Internet Security Blog
STOPzilla Experience
Online Safety
Threat Lab
Tech News
Videos
Privacy Policy
Home
AboutPrivacy Policy
PXE Group, LLC (STOPzilla)
http://www.stopzilla.com
Effective Date: 04th of October 2010
Last Edited: 25th of May 2018
PXE Group, LLC Privacy Statement
PXE Group, LLC is committed to maintaining the trust of our subscribers. This statement explains how we collect information from you and what we do with it.
Information Request:
PXE Group, LLC offers a variety of online services including the sale of diverse security software, removal of malware via the internet and multiple web properties to provide support services and updates for our software products. In order for you to make full use of the resources we offer on our sites and with our products, we ask you to provide some basic information. When you sign up to receive PXE Group, LLC products or services, you will be asked to register with us. If you wish to participate in additional PXE Group, LLC services, such as Newsletters, Forums and Discussions, Archives or Business tools, you will be asked to register for these services as well and authorize us to use your subscriber information to inform you of upcoming news and events.
EU RESIDENT:
If you are a resident of the European Union ('EU'), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the 'GDPR') with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below. STOPzilla may be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at privacy@stopzilla.com. Note that we may also process Personal Data of our customers' end users or employees in connection with our provision of services to customers, in which case we are the processor of Personal Data. If we are the processor of your Personal Data (i.e., not the controller), please contact the controller party in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.
RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
By law, users in the EU, United Kingdom, Iceland, Norway, or Lichtenstein, have specific rights with respect to their Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please send your request to privacy@stopzilla.com. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access:
A request can be made for more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by emailing privacy@stopzilla.com.
Alteration:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, a request can be made by you that we correct or supplement such data by emailing privacy@stopzilla.com. You may also be able to correct some of this information directly by making updates to your account.
Removal:
If we no longer need your data to perform our Services for you, a request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems can be made.
Withdrawal of Consent:
When processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you do have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format via privacy@stopzilla.com. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data, keep in mind that Services may be affected.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about STOPzilla practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.
Children
Our Services are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. We do not collect or maintain information at our website from or sell products to those we actually know are under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any Personal Data about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@stopzilla.com.
PROMOTIONS:
Unless you opt out, we may use your product registration information to send you promotional materials that we think may interest you. We do not provide or sell subscriber names, e-mail addresses or registration information to any outside organization.
SHOPPING AT PXE GROUP, LLC:
PXE Group, LLC is committed to protecting your personal information! When you use our sites for eCommerce, we utilize a variety of security procedure to help protect your sensitive information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All transactions made via the PXE Group, LLC websites using highly confidential information, such as credit card numbers or passwords, are protected through the use of encryption such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. Our processes are designed to reduce the risk of ID theft and online fraud and are totally compliant with PCI (Payment Card Industry) security standards.
COOKIES:
Cookies are small files usually consisting of letters and numbers placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device, when you use that device to visit a web site. Cookies are widely used by web site owners, including PXE Group, LLC, to make their web sites operate, work more efficiently, and provide analytic information.
We use different types of 'cookies':
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Google Analytics. We use a tool called 'Google Analytics' to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Social plug-in tracking cookies. We use these types of cookies and widgets from our partners and popular social networks to improve your visit experience on our websites. If you are concerned about this, you can disable third-party cookies in your browser settings.
Social Networks Widget Tracking
For not being tracked by social media widgets, log out of all social networks you're logged in to before visiting our website.
SHARED INFORMATION:
Except as described above or as expressly stated at the time you provide information to PXE Group, LLC, PXE Group does not provide individual information about you to others.
GENERAL CONSIDERATIONS:
PXE Group cannot guarantee that the information you provide to us is completely safe. There may be technical problems beyond our control that may make it accessible to unauthorized persons. If PXE Group, LLC is acquired, our user information will be included among the assets transferred to the new owner. There also may be occasions in which PXE Group, LLC is required to provide information by order of a court or when the law requires that subscriber information be treated as a transferable asset, as in bankruptcy. Internet-based commerce is dynamic and changing. We may alter our privacy policy at anytime in order to adjust to these changes. We recommend that you check this Privacy Policy frequently.
If you have questions or comments on this Privacy Statement, please email us at support@stopzilla.com, write to us at Privacy Concerns, c/o PXE Group, LLC, 950 Peninsula Corporate Circle, Suite 1011, Boca Raton, FL 33487.
STOPzilla Questions?
Live Chat