http://www.mvbfonts.com/info/privacy_policy/
MVB Fonts: Privacy policy
Fonts
Custom
Info
News
View Cart
Account
BROWSE FONTS:
Text
Sans
Script
Display
Picto
Sweet
Name
Webfonts
Privacy
You may be asked to provide certain personal information about yourself if you elect to order products, download software or enter contests. MVB Fonts collects information to record and support your activities and purchases. MVB Fonts does not sell your personal information to third parties. You will be asked to select a password and ID under certain circumstances. Do not divulge your password and ID to anyone. You may not access and update your personal information online. You may contact MVB Fonts if you wish to have your information deleted. If you do not remember your password, please create a new ID and password.
Cookies
We use two types of cookies on this website. First, we use Google Analytics to collect information about site browsing and traffic patterns. Second, we use internal cookies set by our own site to support the basic function of ecommerce and other systems.
Credit card orders
Your credit card information will be requested if you order products online. Read the End User License Agreement if you order software online. If you do not agree with the terms, you will not be allowed to download and use the Software. For security purposes, MVB Fonts never sees or stores your credit card information. MVB Fonts does not link or record your credit card information with your password and ID. Your credit card information is encrypted and sent directly and securely to PayPal for approval. MVB Fonts processes the charge through PayPal with an approval code. Because your credit card information is not stored as part of your password and unique customer ID, you must re-enter your credit card each time you make a purchase. This assures you a high level of credit card security.
Follow @mvbfonts
Jump to:
----------
Browse by style:
- Text
- Sans
- Script
- Display
- Picto
- Sweet
- Name
----------
MVB Aunt Mildred™
MVB Bossa Nova®
MVB Bovine™
MVB Cafe Mimi®
MVB Calliope®
MVB Celestia® Antiqua
MVB Chanson d’Amour®
MVB Diazo®
MVB Dovetail®
MVB Embarcadero®
MVB Emmascript®
MVB Fantabular®
MVB Fantabular® Sans
MVB Grenadine®
MVB Greymantle®
MVB Gryphius®
MVB Hotsy Totsy®
MVB Magnesium®
MVB Magnolia®
MVB Margin™
MVB Mascot®
MVB Peccadillo®
MVB Pedestria®
MVB Pinecone™
MVB Sacre Bleu®
MVB Sirenne®
MVB Solano Gothic®
MVB Solitaire®
MVB Verdigris® Pro
Sweet® Fancy Script
Sweet® Gothic
Sweet® Sans
Sweet® Square
Sweet® Titling No. 11
Sweet® Titling No. 22
Sweet® Titling No. 26
Sweet® Upright Script
Contact
Font format & character sets
Webfonts
Licensing & upgrades
End user license agreement
Font installation
Trademarks
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Browse fonts | Info | News | Cart | Terms of use | Privacy policy | Copyright © 2000-2020 Markanna Studios Inc.