http://www.pigsback.com/terms-conditions
Our General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy have recently changed on . Your continued use of the site is considered acceptance of these revised terms. Click here to dismiss.
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Pigsback.com cookie policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy here.
Accept
Our General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy have recently changed on . Your continued use of the site is considered acceptance of these revised terms. Click here to dismiss.
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Pigsback.com cookie policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy here.
Accept
Terms & Conditions
Last updated on 24 May 2018
Summary
On this page you will find the full, legally binding and up to date terms and conditions written by our legal eagles and covering every eventuality and we obviously encourage you to read these and our Privacy Policy in detail before you purchase or register. But here's a summary to get you started...
1. Please don't do anything bad or we'll close your account.
2. If you buy an Exclusive Offer voucher and forget to use it then we will give you 80% back in credit (Points) if you request it within 6 months after the voucher has expired and you can use these to get further discounts when you buy another Exclusive Offer.
3. When you buy an Exclusive Offer Voucher you can change your mind anytime within 14 days of buying the voucher and request a cancellation so long as you haven't used it, no questions asked.
4. If you have any questions about these terms and conditions then simply email us at helpdesk at pigsback dot com and we'll help you
5. Always read terms and conditions.
Pigsback.com General Terms & Conditions
This website ("Pigsback.com website") is provided by Empathy Marketing Limited with registered offices at Unit 1J, 1st Floor, Block 71 C, Park West Business Park, Nangor Road, Dublin 12 (hereinafter referred to as "Pigsback.com").
Participation in the Pigsback.com Programme is governed by terms and conditions which are outlined in the terms and conditions area of the Pigsback.com website. These terms and conditions are important and protect you and us. Please take the time to read the terms and conditions carefully. If you have any questions about the terms and conditions please email Pigsback.com at helpdesk at pigsback dot com.
Acknowledgement and acceptance
This Agreement ("the Agreement") outlines the terms and conditions governing your participation in the Pigsback.com Programme and it is your responsibility to read and understand them. Through enrolling and/or using the Pigsback.com Programme you become a member of the Pigsback.com Programme ("Member") and you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Participation in the Pigsback.com Programme is offered at the sole discretion of Empathy Marketing Limited who own and operate Pigsback.com (hereinafter referred to as "Pigsback.com").
Pigsback.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time, to modify or amend this Agreement and/or any part thereof. Members understand and acknowledge that the most recent version of this Agreement will be located on the Pigsback.com website here. Members non-termination or continued use of the Pigsback.com Programme constitutes an affirmative acknowledgement by the Member of any modification to this Agreement and consent to be bound by its terms. A Member may terminate his/her membership at any time if he/she does not agree with the terms of this Agreement.
Terms of participation
The Pigsback.com Programme is for the use of residents of Ireland and the United Kingdom. Residents of other countries may be able to register on the Pigsback.com Programme, but may not be able to participate fully as a non Ireland or non UK resident.
Each Pigsback.com account must only be accessed by the Account Holder, and may not be accessed by any other user, without the express permission and authorisation of Pigsback.com.
No more than 1 Pigsback.com account can be held by any one individual. Pigsback.com can request proof of identity in the event of a dispute.
In the event of access by another user, Pigsback.com reserves the right to suspend both accounts until both users are in contact with Pigsback.com and identity has been established. The user shall retain access to Pigsback.com but will not have any access or permission to spend Points or credits, until the Account Holder has personally been in touch with Pigsback.com Customer Services and Pigsback.com has been completely satisfied that all terms and conditions are complied with.
In the event of regular access by a user other than the account holder, Pigsback.com reserve the right to reclaim all Points earned by access of the unauthorised user and freeze the account, for which the member will have no recourse against Pigsback.com.
Members may earn Points for enrolling in the Pigsback.com Programme; taking advantage of Points earning opportunities on the Pigsback.com website and other third-party websites; reading or responding to offers from participating advertisers and partners; and complying with the terms of other offers or programmes from Pigsback.com or other companies.
Unless otherwise specifically notified, Points can only be earned by following all and any instructions regarding earning Points. A member's failure to correctly follow any required instructions or procedures may result in no Points being earned, for which the member will have no recourse against Pigsback.com.
Points earned are recorded against your account, however any Points earned are never available for redemption until the member has sufficient Points and the participating companies have sent Pigsback.com confirmation that the member has accrued sufficient Points.
Pigsback.com is not responsible for changes to, or discontinuance of any Points earning opportunity through third party companies, nor are we responsible for the inaccurate communication of Points earned through a linked site, by that participating company.
Pigsback.com reserves the right to change the range of products, services and offers available for the redemption of Points, as well as the number of Points required to make any such redemption from time to time and any such change will be communicated via the Pigsback.com website.
Points may not be transferred to other accounts nor pooled together in any manner and the sale or barter of Points is strictly prohibited. Points have no monetary value, and cannot be used for any purpose other than redeeming designated rewards or discounts. At no time will rewards be available to be refunded for their cash value.
Unless specifically notified otherwise, all rewards supplied to us in return for Points are provided solely by the named third party, and Pigsback.com makes no warranty or representations in respect to any reward. Members must exchange defective products or goods by following the supplier-designated procedures.
Pigsback.com may from time to time adjust a member's account upwards or downwards in respect to accounting errors, non-payment from third parties, refunds issued or suspected fraud, for which we have full authority.
Pigsback.com reserves the right to suspend any account that has been dormant for a period of 3 months or more. Pigsback.com will attempt to contact the member, via their nominated email address, if their account is at risk of suspension through inactivity. In the absence of a satisfactory response, the account will be suspended, and any accrued Points or credits forfeited.
Points will not expire on an active account. An inactive account is deemed to be one which has not visited the website for a period of 3 continuous months.
Links to third party sites
Links included within the Pigsback.com website may let you leave the Pigsback.com website and enter into other website(s) ("linked site(s)"). The linked sites are not under the control of Pigsback.com and Pigsback.com is not responsible for the contents of any linked sites or any link contained in a linked site or any changes or updates to such sites. Pigsback.com is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. Pigsback.com is only providing these links to you as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Pigsback.com of the site or any association with their operators.
Dealings with Sellers and Advertisers
Your correspondence or dealings with, or participation in promotions and/or with advertisers found on or through the Pigsback.com website are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that Pigsback.com shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as a result of the presence of such advertisers on the Pigsback.com website.
Intellectual Property
You acknowledge that all trademarks, trade names, service marks, rights (registered or unregistered) in any designs, applications for any of the foregoing; trade or business names; innovations, inventions whether or not capable of protection by patent or registration, registered design and topography rights; know-how, including data specifications, drawings and instructions; secret formulae and processes; rights protecting goodwill and reputation; database rights and rights under licences and consents in relation to such things, rights in the nature of unfair competition rights, and rights to sue for passing of and all rights or forms of protection of a similar nature to any of the foregoing or having equivalent effect anywhere in the world; copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in and relating to the Pigsback.com website (hereinafter referred to as "Intellectual Property") are solely owned by Pigsback.com. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, the Intellectual Property. All other trademarks, product names and company logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
All website design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof and all software are copyright of Pigsback.com (Empathy Marketing Limited). These do not include logos and graphics which are the property of Pigsback.com partners. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Submissions to Pigsback.com
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to Pigsback.com (this includes any emails, text, member submissions, forum postings, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, that by submitting your contribution you are granting Pigsback.com a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and the license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in the Pigsback.com privacy policy.
Also by submitting your contribution to Pigsback.com you declare that your submission is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to Pigsback.com for all the purposes specified above.
You declare that the submission is not defamatory and does not infringe any law and indemnify Pigsback.com against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by Pigsback.com as a result of your breach of the above declaration and waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on Pigsback.com and the purposes specified above.
If you do not want to grant to Pigsback.com the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to Pigsback.com.
Limitation of Liability
Pigsback.com shall not be liable for any damage, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential relating to the participation or inability to participate in the Pigsback.com Programme. Under no conditions and in no event shall Pigsback.com be liable for any direct or indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damages or loss howsoever arising, (including but not limited to negligence or breach of this Agreement or otherwise) or for any loss of data, profit, revenue, goodwill or business howsoever caused even if that loss or damage was foreseeable by, or the possibility of it was brought to the attention of Pigsback.com.
Although rigorous protocols are applied to the website Pigsback.com does not make any warranty that the website is free from infection by viruses or anything else that has contaminating properties.
Pigsback.com does not accept any liability for any losses or claims arising from any inability to access the Pigsback.com website.
Indemnity and waiver
You hereby agree to indemnify and keep indemnified Pigsback.com its successors and assigns and each of its respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liability, damages, losses, claims (including reasonable legal fees) resulting in any way from your use of and from material posted on the Pigsback.com website or resulting from any breach of this Agreement whether such breach is carried out by you or by any other person through your account, arises out of your data, your use of the Pigsback.com website, your connection to the Pigsback.com website or your violation of any third party rights. Furthermore, you hereby acknowledge that any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Pigsback.com website is done at your own discretion and risk and that you waive any right to bring any claim or action against Pigsback.com or its successors, assigns, directors, officers, employees and agents for any loss, damage or injury arising from use of the Pigsback.com website or the Pigsback.com Programme.
Disclaimer
The materials contained in the Pigsback.com website may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. Pigsback.com does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed or distributed through the Pigsback.com website. You acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, statement, memorandum or information shall be at your own risk. Pigsback.com reserves the right in its sole discretion to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Pigsback.com website.
The Pigsback.com website, the information and material on the Pigsback.com website are provided "as is" without any representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind, including, but not limited to warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for any particular purpose.
Pigsback.com does not make any warranty, guarantee nor any representation regarding the quality of, or assurance of any advertisement or any merchandise, product or service offered or provided by third party companies participating in the Pigsback.com Programme however we do make every reasonable effort to ensure that any and all products and services are fit for purpose and are advertised accurately and legally.
Pigsback.com shall not be liable for any failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement which is caused by matters beyond its reasonable control including but not limited to Acts of God, breakdown of internet services or other computer services, war, strikes, lock-outs and industrial disputes.
Assignment
Pigsback.com reserves the right to assign or subcontract any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement. If Pigsback.com exercises this right it shall name the assignee or subcontractor in these terms and conditions of the Pigsback.com website and you will be entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately. You acknowledge that you may not without the prior written consent of Pigsback.com assign or dispose of your obligations under this Agreement whether in part or in whole.
Term and Termination
You agree to remain bound by this Agreement (or such amended Agreement) for as long as you remain a Member or unless Pigsback.com terminates, suspends or otherwise limits access. In the event that a Member expressly requests to leave the Pigsback.com Programme, no further communication will be entered into between Pigsback.com and the Member. Any unused Points will be immediately forfeited once the Members account has been cancelled.
Pigsback.com reserves the right to terminate the Pigsback.com Programme at any time. In the event of this, you will have thirty days from the notice date of the Pigsback.com Programme's termination to redeem any Points in accordance with this Agreement. Unless specified otherwise, no additional Points will be able to be accrued during this termination period.
Pigsback.com will make every effort to communicate to all Members the termination period, however they will not be held responsible for failing to notify any Member regardless of the reasons. The Member acknowledges that even if his or her account is terminated, he or she may receive emails from Pigsback.com for a period of thirty days thereafter.
Any fraud or abuse of the Pigsback.com website, Pigsback.com Programme etc. will result in the immediate termination of that Member's account and total forfeiture of any Points accrued.
Any fraud or abuse of the Pigsback.com website, Pigsback.com Programme etc. or any reason deemed appropriate by Pigsback.com at its sole discretion will result in the immediate termination of that Member's account and total forfeiture of any Points accrued.
Modifications to Pigsback.com website
Pigsback.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue temporarily or permanently, the Pigsback.com website and/or the Pigsback.com Programme (or a part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Pigsback.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Pigsback.com website or Pigsback.com Programme. Pigsback.com shall not be liable to any Member or third party should Pigsback.com exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Pigsback.com Programme.
Notices
All notices given by Pigsback.com to you will be given by e-mail to your registered email address and will be from helpdesk at pigsback dot com or by general posting on the Pigsback.com website or by postal mail from:
Empathy Marketing Limited,Unit 1J, 1st Floor, Block 71C,Park West Business Park,Nangor Road, Dublin 12,D12 P6W2,Ireland.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and Pigsback.com and supersedes any prior agreements, arrangements, statements and understandings between Pigsback.com and you.
Waiver
A waiver by Pigsback.com of any breach by any Member of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement or the acquiescence of Pigsback.com to any act (whether of commission or omission) which but for such acquiescence would be a breach as aforesaid shall not constitute a general waiver of such term, provision or condition or of any subsequent act contrary thereto.
No Partnership/Joint Venture
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as forming a partnership or joint venture with Members and no third party company will have the right or ability to create any obligation on Pigsback.com's behalf.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by Irish law and the Member consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts in all matters regarding it.
Severability
If at any time any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Disputes
All questions or disputes regarding the Pigsback.com Programme, including without limitation, questions regarding participation and eligibility must be submitted in writing or by email to helpdesk at pigsback dot com within 90 days of the query where applicable, to Empathy Marketing Limited, Unit 1J, 1st Floor, Block 71C, Park West Business Park, Nangor Road, Dublin 12. In the event of an error by Pigsback.com, your sole recourse will be the crediting of any disputed Points.
Force Majeure
We shall not be liable to you as a result of any delay or failure to perform our obligations under these Terms and Conditions if and to the extent such delay or failure is caused by an event beyond our reasonable control including but not limited to strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving our workforce or any other party), failure of a utility service or transport network, acts of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors.
Exclusive Offers General Terms and Conditions
1. The following terms and conditions relate specifically to the Exclusive Offers service provided on this website.
General Interpretations
"Administration Fee" means a fee including VAT calculated on the full voucher value charged by Empathy Marketing Limited for the processing and management of your voucher and is non-refundable.
"Applicable Laws" means any law, statute, regulation, order, judgement, decision, recommendation, rule, policy or guideline passed or issued by government or any competent court or authority in relation to the subject matter of these Terms and Conditions.
"Business Days" means a day (other than Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in Ireland).
"Customer" means you, being any person who Purchases a Voucher or the person in possession of the Voucher from time to time.
"Exclusive Offer" means an offer to purchase vouchers redeemable against products of the Seller to users of the Website at a discount price in accordance with any terms as may be contained on the face of the Voucher and/or on the Website at the time of promotion of the Exclusive Offer.
"Seller" means the third party supplier of goods and/or services who has agreed to accept presentation of the Voucher as full or part payment for the obligation to provide the Voucher Products;
"Payment Details" means the electronic payment details validly entered by you on the Website upon purchase of a voucher;
"Purchase" means the purchase of a voucher on the website in accordance with these Terms & Conditions.
"Voucher" means a voucher issued by Pigsback.com or its related websites to you on behalf of the Seller, which entitles the Customer to redeem specified Voucher Products from a specified Seller in accordance with the terms of the Exclusive Offer.
"Voucher Products" means goods and/or services which are described or referred to within the terms of the Voucher;
"Website" means the https://www.pigsback.com/ website and any other websites or Microsites, generated by the Company through which Customers are invited to purchase Vouchers; and "You" or "you" or "Your" or "your" means the Customer.
Scope of these Terms
Use of the Service and the Website and any Purchase are each subject to the terms and conditions set out in these Terms and any additional specific terms detailed on each individual Exclusive Offer.
As a consumer, nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights.
Unless otherwise specified on the face of the Voucher and/or the Website at the time of the promotion of the Exclusive Offer, the Service and the Vouchers on this Website are directed solely at those who access this Website from the Republic of Ireland and United Kingdom. We make no representation that the Service and/or any Voucher Products referred to on this Website are appropriate for use, or available, in other locations outside the Republic of Ireland or the United Kingdom. Those who choose to access this Website from other countries are responsible for compliance with Applicable Laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
The Website, Service and any Purchase are for your non-commercial, personal use only and must not be used for business purposes.
The Service
The service is provided in order to enable you to Purchase Vouchers advertised on the website.
If you Purchase Vouchers on this Website, the Seller and not Pigsback.com is:
(a) the seller of the Voucher Products;
(b) solely responsible for redeeming any Voucher you Purchase; and
(c) solely responsible for supplying the Voucher Products to you in accordance with the description provided on the Voucher and for the Voucher Products themselves.
To use the Service and make a Purchase you must be 18 years of age or over.
The Vouchers
All Vouchers are promotional vouchers that are offered for purchase at a discount price and are subject to any terms, restrictions and conditions associated with the respective Exclusive Offer. Please also read the specific terms and conditions associated with each Exclusive Offer before purchase as these include information on the time frame of the deal; the service or product to be provided; information on the service or product and any other details pertaining to the deal.
For verification purposes each Voucher shall bear a unique voucher code and a redemption code.
All Vouchers shall contain a redemption period on the face of the Voucher and/or on the Website at the time of the promotion of the Exclusive Offer, during which time the Customer can redeem the Voucher for the Voucher Products at the discount price.
The Transaction
If you choose to purchase a Voucher advertised on the Website you will need to complete the necessary steps as per the instructions set out on the Website. On entering your Payment Details, you authorise us to charge you for the cost of the Exclusive Offer.
A contract for purchase of the Voucher Products shall only be made between you and the Seller when we email you confirming the Purchase has completed successfully. It is your responsibility to ensure that you provide a valid email address when you purchase a voucher and to ensure that you check your spam folders in the event that you have not received the confirmation email.
By making a Purchase, you acknowledge that the Purchase is made subject to these Terms and Conditions.
Subject to the terms of the respective Exclusive Offers we will:
(a) email confirmation that the purchase has been completed to you at the email address which you provided to us upon purchase of the Voucher; and
(b) make the Voucher available for download by you;
We shall retain the details of the Purchase provided by you but we will not retain any payment details such as your credit card or PayPal details in a manner accessible by staff of Pigsback.com.
Redemption of the Vouchers
Once the Voucher has been made available on the website it shall be redeemable by you from the Seller for the specified Voucher Products during the redemption period specified on the Voucher.
The Seller shall honour its obligation to provide Voucher Products upon the presentation of the Voucher by you, other than in the event of fraud or where that redemption would breach Applicable Laws.
The restrictions, if any, in relation to the combination of redemption of the Voucher with any other promotions, vouchers, third party certificates, coupons or other conditions shall be at the discretion of the Seller and shall be set out on the face of the Voucher and/or on the Website in accordance with the terms advertised in relation to the respective Exclusive Offer.
Where your Voucher has reached or is past the redemption period set out at the time of the promotion of the Exclusive Offer, it shall be deemed to have expired. Expired Vouchers will not be honoured by the Seller unless specific arrangements have been made with that seller. However if you forget to use your Voucher, Pigsback.com will give you 80% of the purchase price of the Voucher in credits (Points) if you claim it within 180 days of its expiry which can be used to obtain additional discounts on the Exclusive Offers, should you apply to Pigsback.com for such a refund. You can apply for a refund by visiting the "My Voucher" section of the website where you will find full instructions on how to apply for this refund. If you have any questions on this refund policy please contact helpdesk at pigsback dot com
Your Rights
1. Cooling Off Period
(a) Once we send you the Voucher or make the Voucher available for download by you, you are entitled to a cooling off period in which you may cancel your Purchase at any time within 14 days from the day on which you receive the Voucher (the "Cooling Off Period") provided you have not already redeemed the Voucher. In certain specific cases such as ticketed events you may not be entitled to avail of this cooling off period, however this will be specificed on the offer page.
(b) If you wish to cancel your Purchase during the Cooling Off Period, you must send an email notifying us to helpdesk at pigsback dot com.
(c) You shall not be entitled to cancel your Purchase during the Cooling Off Period if the voucher has been redeemed or partially redeemed before the end of the Cooling Off Period and/or before you notify us of your intent to cancel your Purchase during the Cooling Offer Period.
2. Cancellation
(a) Your entitlement to a Cooling Off Period applies to Voucher purchases as per "Cooling Off Period" 1 (a), (b) and (c) above.
(b) If you wish to request the cancellation of your Purchase, you must do so by sending us an email to helpdesk at pigsback dot com.
(c) We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to allow or refuse the cancellation of the Purchase once the Cooling Off Period has passed.
(d) You shall not be entitled to cancel your Purchase if the Voucher has been redeemed or partially redeemed before you notify us of your intent to cancel that Purchase during the Cooling Off Period.
3. Complaints
In order to make a complaint please contact us at helpdesk at pigsback dot com
4. Redemption Refusal
(a) If, upon presentation of the Voucher the Seller refuses to supply some or all of the Voucher Products in accordance with the terms of the Deal, you may request a refund.
(b) In order to request a refund arising from the refusal by the Seller to redeem the Voucher in accordance with the terms of the Deal please contact us at helpdesk at pigsback dot com outlining your experience with the Seller and providing the reasons for the refusal, if any reason was given.
(c) We shall reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to approve or deny any such refund request in accordance with Applicable Laws.
5. Lost/Stolen Vouchers
Neither we nor the Seller are responsible for lost or stolen Vouchers. You should treat the Voucher and the Voucher security number as if it were cash. No replacement Voucher can be issued in respect of lost or stolen Vouchers.
Your Obligations
1. Pigsback.com sells Vouchers via the Website that can be redeemed for Voucher Products from a Seller. You must provide a valid e-mail address, postal address and telephone number in order to purchase a Voucher.
2. You warrant that all information (including Payment Details) provided to us in order to Purchase a Voucher is true, complete and accurate.
3. You agree that you will abide by the terms of the Voucher and the terms and conditions of the Seller in respect of any Vouchers which you choose to Purchase.
4. You warrant that you are legally entitled to Purchase a Voucher and by doing so, you acknowledge that you have read, accepted and understood the terms attaching to the Voucher.
5. It is your responsibility to ensure that the Voucher Products which will be made available by the Seller on redemption of a Voucher meet your specific requirements before you reserve and Purchase a Voucher.
The following uses of the Website, the Services and Vouchers are expressly prohibited and you undertake not to do (or to permit anyone else to do) any of the following:
(a) resell the Voucher
(b) furnish false data including false names, addresses and contact details and fraudulent use of credit/debit card numbers;
(c) entering into fraudulent interactions or transactions with us or a Seller (which shall include entering into interactions or transactions purportedly on behalf of a third party where you have no authority to bind that third party or you are pretending to be a third party)
(d) using the Service or Website (or any relevant functionality of either of them) in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
(e) engage in any unlawful activity in connection with the use of the Website and/or the Service or any Voucher
(f) engage in any conduct which, in our exclusive reasonable opinion, restricts or inhibits any other customer from properly using or enjoying the Website and Service.
Our Obligations
1. We accept responsibility for ensuring information provided to you via a Voucher will be accurate, true and not misleading as per the Applicable Laws.
2. The material displayed on our Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. However, we will use all reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions on the Website as soon as practicable after being notified of them. We do not guarantee that the Service or the Website will be free of faults.
3. We reserve the right to change, modify, substitute, suspend or remove without notice any information or service on the Website or forming part of the Service from time to time.
4. We assume no responsibility for functionality which is dependent on the Seller or Customer's browser or other third party software to operate.
5. We do not warrant that the terms and conditions of the Voucher will be listed in their entirety on either the Voucher or the Website – Customers should always refer to both.
6. We accept that the description of Products or Services supplied via the Voucher information and other related terms will be accurate and not misleading.
Suspension and Termination
1. If you use (or anyone other than you, with your permission uses) the Website or a Voucher in contravention of these Terms and Conditions, we may suspend your use of Website (in whole or in part) and/or a Voucher. We may also refuse to process any future transactions on your account.
2. We shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or locate anyone in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
3. We shall be entitled immediately or at any time (in whole or in part) to: i) suspend your use of the Website; ii) suspend the use of Website for persons we believe to be connected (in whatever manner) to you; and/or iii) terminate the agreement made pursuant to these Terms and Conditions immediately if you commit any fraud against us or any other person or otherwise commit any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
4. Notwithstanding anything else in this Clause, we may terminate the agreement made pursuant to these Terms and Conditions at any time.
Our right to terminate the agreement made pursuant to these Terms and Conditions shall not prejudice any other right or remedy or action which we deem to be appropriate.
My Account
My Vouchers
Cart
Help