http://www.devcomponents.com/privacy.aspx
DevComponents
Products
Downloads
Order Online
Support
Blog
Resources
Products
DotNetBar for WinForms
DotNetBar for WPF
DotNetBar for Silverlight
Professional Icon Pack
Essential Icon Pack
HTML-Document
Support
Support
Testimonials
Clients About Our Products
Privacy Statement
DevComponents.com has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for our Web site.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
server and to administer our Web site. Information is also used to generate
compiled statistics on the web site usage.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name, email, and postal address).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to
ship purchases and to send information about our company. The customer's contact
information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
We will not share or sell your private information to the third-parties.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
DevComponents.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse,
and alteration of the information under our control. Also all of your personal information
is password protected.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
promotional/marketing information from us. Contact support @ devcomponents.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to support @ devcomponents.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
info @ devcomponents.com
Contact us | Privacy policy | About us
© 1996 - 2020 DevComponents LLC, All Rights Reserved