https://www.rentitbiz.com/privacy
1-866-RENT-BIZ
info@rentitbiz.com
Home
Industries
Audio/Visual
Bicycles & Scooters
Boats & Charters
Campgrounds
Dive Shops
Housewares
Inflatables
Marinas
Medical Equipment
Parties & Events
Photo Studios
Segways
Ski Shops & Resorts
Ticketing & Access
Tools & Equipment
Prices
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to web.rentitibiz.com and Rent It Biz Software Company, Inc and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Rent It Biz Software Company, Inc include web.rentitibiz.com and Rent It Biz. The Rent It Biz website is a ecommerce site. By using the Rent It Biz website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Rent It Biz may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
-          First and Last Name
-          Mailing Address
-          E-mail Address
-          Phone Number
-          Physical Dimenisons, Age, Gender
If you purchase Rent It Biz's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Rent It Biz may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:
-          Age
-          Gender
-          Height, Weight, Skier Info
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Rent It Biz collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Rent It Biz may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Rent It Biz and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Rent It Biz does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Rent It Biz may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Rent It Biz, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Rent It Biz may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Rent It Biz or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Rent It Biz; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Rent It Biz, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Rent It Biz. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Rent It Biz website.
Use of Cookies
The Rent It Biz website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Rent It Biz pages, or register with Rent It Biz site or services, a cookie helps Rent It Biz to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Rent It Biz website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Rent It Biz features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Rent It Biz services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Rent It Biz secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Rent It Biz uses the following methods for this purpose:
-          SSL Protocol
-          Verifone Payware Connect
-          Sucuri Website Firewall
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Rent It Biz collects personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. Rent It Biz collects this information for the following reason(s): information for equipment rental or tours for safety purposes.
If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. If you are a parent and you have questions regarding our data collection practices, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this Statement of Privacy.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Rent It Biz may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Rent It Biz, you may opt out of such communications by Opting Out and/or sending email to info@rentitbiz.com.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Rent It Biz reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Rent It Biz welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Rent It Biz has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Rent It Biz at:
Rent It Biz Software Company, Inc
PO Box 148024
Chicago, Illinois 60614
Email Address:
info@rentitbiz.com
Telephone number:
773-570-3001
Effective as of November 27, 2018
About Us
Rent it Biz Software Company was established in 1998, by rental industry veterans and a private equity fund. We offer affordable software solutions to the rental and amusement industries.
Our Contacts
Rent It Biz
P: 1-866-RENT-BIZ (736-8249)
P: (773) 570-3001
Email
sales@rentitbiz.com
support@rentitbiz.com
2016 © Rent it Biz. ALL Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service