http://www.sitesuite.net/privacy-statement.html
MENU
Website Design
Web Development
eCommerce
Online Marketing
Apps
Our Work
Recent
Price FAQs
CMS
Why Us
Toolbox
Sitesuite Online Payment Policy
Please note Sitesuite is part of WebUX Pty Ltd
Security & Privacy
We aim to provide all of our customers with a safe online shopping experience. Our system encodes your credit card and contact details to ensure its safe transfer to us. We respect your privacy and personal information, and will not share it with anyone else. We may use your e-mail address to send our e-mail newsletters and other announcements regarding promotions, new products and special features. Should you wish to be removed from our mailing list you can unsubscribe directly from the link in any e-mail newsletter at any time, or please let us know via e-mail, phone or fax.
Payment Options
Order and Pay Online Securely
Our SSL security system ensures your credit card and contact details are safe and secure. All data is secured by SSL.
Order and Pay by Phone
Please phone us on 02 8904 7500 to place your order, and provide us with payment details.
Currency
All amounts listed on our website are in Australian Dollars (AUD), and are normally shown on the website as GST exclusive until you reach the shopping cart.
Shipping, Delivery, Returns
As the company only sells services online, there is no shipping, delivery, or returns policy. There is a 7 day cooling off period for all sales, during which any purchases can be rescinded and the payment refunded.
Product pricing and information
All material on the following websites www.sitesuite.com.au are subject to change without notice. For any questions relating to products, pricing or other matters please contact us via e-mail, phone or fax.
Copyright
The material provided on our site is copyright protected and is to be used for personal reference only. Permission to reproduce any images must be sought in writing from WebUX Pty Ltd either by e-mail accounts@sitesuite.com.au
Other
All information on our website is intended as a guide to assist you in making informed commercial decisions. Areas such as SEO, and marketing strategy will normally require specific professional advice tailored to individual business needs.
Contact Details
WebUX Pty Ltd Level 1, 275 Alfred Street North, North Sydney NSW 2060 AUSTRALIA ABN: 74 637 662 527 Ph: 02 8904 7500 Email: accounts@sitesuite.com.au
TALK TO US
info@sitesuite.com.au