http://www.dbazine.com/legal/index.html
Skip to content
Small Text
Normal Text
Large Text
Search
DBAzine.com is sponsored by:
DBAzine.com
Sections
Home
Of Interest
Data Warehouse
DB2
Oracle
SQL Server
Personal tools
You are not logged in
Log in
Join
You are here:
Home
»
Legal and Privacy Statement
Menu
Archive by Author
Blogs
Industry Newsfeeds
Podcasts
Resources
RSS on DBAzine
Webinars
Contact Info
Seeking new owner for this high-traffic DBAzine.com site.
Tap into the potential of this DBA community to expand your business!
Interested? Contact us today.
Who Are You?
I am a:
Mainframe True Believer
Distributed Fast-tracker
[
Results
|
Polls
]
Votes : 4648
Legal and Privacy Statement
DBAzine.com is sponsored by BMC Software and other site sponsors. BMC Software and the other sponsors make no guarantees, explicit or implicit, about the contents of this site. Use at your own risk.
In no way should information contained in this site be construed as a BMC Software or sponsor endorsement of any company's products and services. Reproduction of this publication in any form without prior written permission is forbidden. The information contained herein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. BMC Software disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information. BMC Software shall have no liability for errors, omissions or inadequacies in the information contained herein or for interpretations thereof. The reader assumes sole responsibility for the selection of these materials to achieve its intended results. The opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the editors or sponsors.
Links to external sites are subject to change; BMC Software does not control or endorse the content of these external web sites, and is not responsible for their content.
The information contained in this e-zine has not been submitted to any formal tests and is distributed AS IS.
The use of this information or the implementation of any of these techniques is the reader's responsibility and depends on the reader's ability to evaluate and integrate them into the reader's operational environment(s).
Readers attempting to adapt these techniques to their own environments do so at their own risk.
BMC Software, the BMC Software logos, BMC Software OnSite and all other BMC Software product or service names are registered trademarks or trademarks of BMC Software, Inc. All other registered trademarks or trademarks belong to their respective companies.
Privacy Statement
No spam, period.
We will not call you.
We will not rent or sell your name to anyone, not even our sponsors!
If you choose to sign up for e-mail updates, that's all the information will be used for.
Last modified
2005-08-23 12:20 PM
Transaction ManagementReduce downtime and increase repeat sales by improving end-user experience.Free White Paper
Database RecoveryFeeling the increased demands on data protection and storage requirements?Download Free Report!
Sponsored by:
Links to external sites are subject to change; DBAzine.com and BMC Software do not control or endorse the
content of these external web sites, and are not responsible for their content.
LEGAL STATEMENT
© 2009 DBAzine.com. All Rights Reserved.