http://www.codeplay.com/company/privacy#_How_is_your
menu
Home
Solutions
Acoran
Codeplay's Acoran platform integrates all the industry standard
technologies needed to support a very wide range of AI and HPC
software at extremely high performance.
Silicon Enablement
For chip companies that have designed their own AI accelerator, Codeplay
provides all the software and custom services to integrate their AI chip
with their customers' AI software.
Ecosystem
Tools for accelerator processors in AI, HPC and graphics. Our open-source
projects power everything from smartphone graphics to science on future
Exascale supercomputers.
Automotive
Codeplay brings functional safety, high performance and a familiar software
development environment to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) and
autonomous vehicles.
oneAPI
oneAPI is a cross-industry, open, standards-based unified
programming model that delivers a common developer experience
across accelerator architecture.
SYCL Training
For companies wishing to hire us to help train their teams with the
knowledge and experience to build SYCL applications. Includes CUDA to
SYCL porting programmes.
News
News
Read the latest updates and news, directly from the team at Codeplay.
Press Updates
A combined list of all our current and previous press-releases.
Blogs
Read blogs for our talented engineers at Codeplay and the industry at
large.
Company
About Us
Learn about Codeplay, who we are, what we have done and view our
timeline.
Careers
Interested in joining our team? View all our current positions as well as
tips to build a successful application.
Management Team
Meet our senior management team along with our founder and CEO.
Partners
See some of the companies, industry partners and standards bodies we have worked with.
Press-Packs
Download our press-packs containing logos and guides on how to use them.
Contact Us
Get in touch with us and we will help with any queries you have.
Developer
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy
will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website, download
products from our site or otherwise deal with us. It will also tell you about your privacy
rights and how the law protects you.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal
data and how we will treat it.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
HOW TO CONTACT US
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DON’T PROVIDE US WITH PERSONAL DATA WE HAVE REQUESTED?
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR
COOKIE POLICY
YOUR RIGHTS
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Important information and who we are
We are Codeplay Software Limited. We are a company incorporated and registered in England. Our
company number is 04567874. Our registered address is Regent House, 316 Beulah Hill, London SE19
3HF.
When we refer to “we”, “us” or ”our” in this
policy, we are referring to Codeplay Software Limited. We are the data ‘controller’ in relation
to the personal data you provide to us, which means we determine the purposes and the way in
which your personal data is, or will be, processed and are responsible for it.
How to contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
our Data Privacy Manager at:
· Email: GDPR@codeplay.com
· Address: Level C, Argyle House, 3 Lady Lawson Street, Edinburgh, EH3
9DR
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data
so that you can be confident when you use our website or otherwise interact with us that you
know what your personal data is being used for and that it is being kept safe.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy notice or fair
processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing
personal data about you, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This
privacy policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them but it does
supersede our previous privacy policy.
Third-party links
You should be aware that our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and
applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to
collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not
responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave one of our websites, we encourage you
to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions
You may give us your personal data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us in
person, by email, by phone, by post or otherwise. This includes personal data you
provide when creating an account with us and when you request marketing
communications to be sent to you.
Automated technologies or interactions
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect information about your
equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using
cookies and other similar technologies. Please see below on Cookies for further
information.
Third parties or publicly available sources
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources.
This includes, for example, information received from analytics providers such as
Google
What happens if you don’t provide us with personal data we have
requested?
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you
and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we
have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our products or
services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will
notify you if this is the case at the time
What information do we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an
individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where
the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect and process the different kinds of personal data about you. We have separated
these out into tables depending on our relationship with you. Details of how we use the
different categories of personal data (including our lawful basis for such use) is set out below
(please see How do we use your personal data?).
If you want any further information about how we might collect or use your personal data, please
contact us.
Customer: these are categories of personal data that may be
processed about customers of Codeplay
Identity data:
includes first name, last name, title, company name
Contact data:
includes email address, postal and billing address, telephone number
Account management data:
business discussions, email correspondence, contract history
Financial data:
bank account details, payment card details
Marketing data:
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication
preferences
Website users: these are categories of personal data we may collect
when you use our website (e.g. through the Contact Us section or when you sign up to
download a product)
Identity data:
includes first name, last name, title, company name
Contact data:
includes email address, postal address or telephone number
Sign-up data:
includes any password you have chosen when registering for an account on our
website
Correspondence data:
includes details of any correspondence between you and us
Technical data:
includes internet protocol (IP) address
Marketing data:
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication
preferences
Marketing. This is personal data which may be processed about
contacts on our marketing databases
Identity data:
includes first name, last name, title, company name
Contact data:
includes email address, postal address or telephone number
Marketing data:
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication
preferences
Suppliers: These are categories of personal data we may collect
about third party suppliers.
Identity data:
includes first name, last name, title, company name, job position
Contact data:
includes email address, postal address, telephone number
Supplier management data:
business discussions, email correspondence, contract history
How do we use your personal data?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your
personal data in the following circumstances:
· Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with
you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (e.g. when
you purchase our services or download products from our website).
· Where we have your prior consent to use your personal data (e.g.
where you have consented to receiving marketing).
· Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
· Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a
third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those
interests.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your
personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what
our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Please note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on
the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact
us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your
personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Customers
Purpose/activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To manage our relationship with you which will include but not be limited to:
· Discussing work to be undertaken
· Discussing fees and payments
· Notifying you of updates to any contractual terms, privacy policies and other
relevant information
· Reviewing information which we hold about you to ensure accuracy
Identity, contact and account management data
Necessary in order to perform our contract with you.
To comply with our legal obligations.
Necessary for our legitimate interest – to run our business and keep our records
accurate
To provide our services to you
Identity, contact, account management data, financial data
Necessary in order to perform our contract with you.
To comply with our legal obligations.
Necessary for our legitimate interest – to run our business
To send you marketing materials
Identity, contact and marketing data
Necessary for our legitimate interest - in developing and growing our services
Consent
Website users
Purpose/activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To respond to any query you make via our website
Identity, contact and correspondence data
Necessary for our legitimate interests – in running our business
To register your account
Identity, contact and sign-up data
Necessary in order to enter into a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests – in running our business
To provide you with our products available for download on our website
Identity, contact and sign-up data
Necessary in order to enter into a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests – in running our business
To send you marketing materials
Identity, contact and marketing data
Necessary for our legitimate interest - in developing and growing our services
Consent
To use data analytics to improve and personalise our website and develop our user
experience
Technical data
Necessary for our legitimate interests - to improve customer interactions
Consent
Marketing
Purpose/activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To send you marketing materials
Identity, contact and marketing data
Necessary for our legitimate interest - in developing and growing our services
Consent
Suppliers
Purpose/activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To enter into a contract with you in order for you to provide goods or services for
us, and all related administrative procedures
Identity and contact data
Necessary in order to enter into a contract with you
To manage our relationship with you which will include but not be limited to:
· Discussing the services or goods to be provided by you
· Discussing fees and payments
· Notifying you of updates to any terms of business, privacy policies and other
relevant information
· Reviewing information which we hold about you to ensure accuracy
Identity, contact and supplier management data
Necessary in order to enter into a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests – in running our business
To comply with our legal obligations
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we
reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with
the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new
purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact
us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will
explain the lawful basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in
compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of your information
We may have to share your personal information for the purposes set out above (please see How do we use your personal data?) with the following third parties:
Third party
Detail
Service providers:
including those who provide:
· Webhosting, IT and system administration services
· Metrics and analytics
· Financial services
· Marketing services.
Professional advisers:
including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking,
legal, insurance and accounting services.
Authorities:
including HMRC, regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing
activities in certain circumstances. This includes exchanging information with other
companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk
reduction
Corporate partners:
Includes third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our
business or our assets. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may
use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in
accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal
data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified
purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
Some of our external third parties may, from time to time, be based outside the European Union
(EU) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the
EU.
If we transfer your personal data out of the EU, we ensure a similar degree of protection is
afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
· The country has been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the
European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy
of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
· If we use certain service providers based outwith the EU, we may use specific contracts
approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in
Europe. For further details, see European
Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
· If we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield
which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and
the US. For further details, see European
Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
· In any other case, we will obtain your explicit consent before any transfer takes place.
The table below sets out details of the service providers we use outside of the EU and the
relevant safeguards in place.
Service provider
Description of service
Safeguards
Mailchimp
Marketing automation platform and email marketing service
Privacy Shield
Otka
Authentication Service
EU Model Clauses incorporated into data processor agreement
Keen.io
Web Analytics
Privacy Shield
Zendesk
Support Services
Privacy Shield
Discourse
Support Services
Eu-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
Insightly
CRM database
EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
Formspree
Form Mailing System
EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
Please Contact us if you want further information on the
specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures in accordance with industry best practice to
prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised
way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those
employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They
will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of
confidentiality.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be
encrypted using SSL technology and using trusted third parties. Where we have given you (or
where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are
responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with
anyone.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission of information via the internet is completely secure.
However, we implement generally accepted industry standards so that we can do our best to
protect your personal data.
How long we store your personal data for
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we
collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting
requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature,
and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or
disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and
whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal
requirements.
Key retention periods can be obtained by contacting us.
Where we anonymise your personal data (i.e. so that it can no longer be associated with you) for
further research or statistical purposes, then we may use this information indefinitely without
further notice to you.
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to help it function and to improve it. Cookies are small files saved to
the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s
interactions and usage of the website. Click here to view our
Cookie Policy.
Your rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your
personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
· Access to your information
· Request correction of your personal data
· Request deletion of your personal data
· Object to processing of your personal data
· Request restriction of processing your personal data
· Request transfer of your personal data
· Right to withdraw consent
· Right to review by an independent authority
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact
us. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the
other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded,
repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these
circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure
your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a
security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to
receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your
request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer
than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In
this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Access to your information
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information which we hold on you (commonly known as a
‘data subject access request’). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold
about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Correcting personal data
You have the right to request that we correct personal data that we hold about you. This enables
you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold corrected, though we may need to
verify the accuracy of the new data that you provide to us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current, so please keep
us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Deleting personal data
You may ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing
to process it. This is more commonly known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. You also have the
right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised
your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information
unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law.
Please note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request to delete or
remove personal data for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at
the time of your request.
Objecting to processing
You have the right to stop us processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. We
will always inform you if we intend to use your personal data for such purposes, or if we intend
to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can usually exercise your
right to prevent such marketing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your
data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at contact us.
You may also object to us processing your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate
interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation
which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your
fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling
legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Restriction of processing
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following
scenarios:
• if you want us to establish the data's accuracy;
• where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
• where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish,
exercise or defend legal claims; or
• you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding
legitimate grounds to use it.
Transferring your personal data
In certain circumstances, you may request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third
party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a
structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Please note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided
consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdrawing consent
Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data you can withdraw your consent at
any time. Please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out
before you withdraw your consent.
Review by an independent authority
You will always have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory body. The relevant
authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office. If you do have a complaint, we
would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please do
contact us in the first instance if possible.
Changes to our privacy policy
This version was last updated on 5th September 2018
Historic versions of this policy can be obtained by contacting
us.