http://www.sqlmanager.net/en/terms
Christmas discounts on All EMS SQL Tools
Till December 31. Get coupon code >>>
Members AreaShopping cartLive Sales SupportrufrdeenHomeNewsProductsPurchaseDownloadsSupportPartnersAbout EMSProducts Navigationchoose your database toolchoose your database tool SQL StudioSQL Studio for MySQLSQL Studio for PostgreSQLSQL Studio for SQL ServerSQL Studio for IB/FBSQL Studio for Oracle MySQL ToolsSQL Studio for MySQLSQL Manager for MySQLData Export for MySQLData Import for MySQLData Pump for MySQLData Generator for MySQLData Comparer for MySQLDB Comparer for MySQLDB Extract for MySQLSQL Query for MySQL SQL Server ToolsSQL Studio for SQL ServerSQL Backup for SQL ServerSQL Administrator for SQL ServerSQL Manager for SQL ServerData Export for SQL ServerData Import for SQL ServerData Pump for SQL ServerData Generator for SQL ServerData Comparer for SQL ServerDB Comparer for SQL ServerDB Extract for SQL ServerSQL Query for SQL Server PostgreSQL ToolsSQL Studio for PostgreSQLSQL Manager for PostgreSQLSQL Backup for PostgreSQLData Export for PostgreSQLData Import for PostgreSQLData Pump for PostgreSQLData Generator for PostgreSQLData Comparer for PostgreSQLDB Comparer for PostgreSQLDB Extract for PostgreSQLSQL Query for PostgreSQL InterBase / Firebird SQL ToolsSQL Studio for IB/FBSQL Manager for IB/FBData Export for IB/FBData Import for IB/FBData Pump for IB/FBData Generator for IB/FBData Comparer for IB/FBDB Comparer for IB/FBDB Extract for IB/FBSQL Query for IB/FB Oracle ToolsSQL Studio for OracleSQL Manager for OracleData Export for OracleData Import for OracleData Pump for OracleData Generator for OracleData Comparer for OracleDB Comparer for OracleDB Extract for OracleSQL Query for Oracle DB2 SQL ToolsSQL Manager for DB2Data Export for DB2Data Import for DB2Data Pump for DB2SQL Query for DB2Data Generator for DB2DB Extract for DB2 Tools&ComponentsAdvanced Data Export VCLAdvanced Data Export .NETAdvanced Data Import VCLAdvanced PDF GeneratorAdvanced Query Builder VCLAdvanced Excel ReportAdvanced Localizer VCL Customer InformationLicensing FAQsOrdering FAQsRegistration FAQsUpgrading FAQsMaintenance FAQsCustomer Care CenterTechnical InformationDownloading FAQsInstallation FAQsDocumentation CenterTechnical Support CenterGeneral InformationTestimonialsContact UsSite Search|Site MapOur Partnership StatusPrint this PageTerms of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the "Terms of Use") are applied to the EMS Database Management Solutions, Inc. ("EMS") website located at www.SQLManager.net and all associated sites linked to www.SQLManager.net by its subsidiaries and affiliates, including EMS sites around the world (collectively, the "Site"). The Site is the property of EMS and its licensors.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
EMS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree with the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, EMS grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Content
All text, graphics, photographs, trademarks, logos, artwork and computer code (collectively, "Content"), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to EMS, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including "mirroring") to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without EMS’s express prior written consent.
You may use information on EMS products and services (such as data sheets, knowledge base articles, and similar materials) purposely made available by EMS for downloading from the Site, provided that you (1) do not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
Your Use of the Site
You may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. EMS reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any EMS server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password "mining" or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of EMS, including any EMS account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or EMS's systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to EMS.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to EMS on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of EMS or others.
Purchases; Other Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Site, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions, including where applicable representing that you are of sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Site or for any service offered on or through the Site, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Site or the specific service.
EMS obligations, if any, with regard to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements.
Pricing and Availability Information
Pricing and availability as set forth in the EMS Site are subject to change without notice, and may not be available in all countries. The EMS Site may contain references to EMS products, services and programs that have not been announced in your country. These references do not imply that EMS intends to announce or make available such products, services or programs in your country. Further, the EMS Site may contain references to future planned EMS products. Such products are only planned and may not actually be produced. Any planned ship dates mentioned in reference to such future products are estimated ship dates only, and are not guaranteed. In addition, the materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and EMS makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.
Each of these policies may be changed from time to time and are effective immediately upon posting such changes on the Site.
Accounts, Passwords and Security
Certain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up an ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify EMS immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. However, you may be held liable for losses incurred by EMS or any other user of or visitor to the Site due to someone else using your ID, password or account.
You may not use anyone else’s ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that ID, password or account. EMS cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
Privacy
EMS Privacy Policy is applied to the whole Site, and its terms are made as a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. To view EMS Privacy Policy see, www.sqlmanager.net/privacy. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
Links to Other Sites and to the EMS Site
This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites ("Linked Sites"). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not under EMS control, and EMS is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.
Disclaimers
EMS DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. EMS CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. EMS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. EMS DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY EMS SERVICES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST EMS FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
EMS reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
Limitation of Liability
Except where prohibited by law, in no event will EMS be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if EMS has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
If, notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use, EMS is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content, EMS’s liability shall in no event exceed the greater of (1) the total of any subscription or similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against EMS (but not including the purchase price for any EMS software products or any EMS support program), or (2) US$50.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold EMS, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against EMS by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.
Violation of These Terms of Use
EMS may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) EMS’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including EMS’s customers. EMS reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that EMS deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. EMS also may disclose your information when EMS determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that EMS may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with EMS through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or EMS determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of EMS, its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that EMS may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to EMS, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to EMS obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that EMS deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies EMS may have at law or in equity.
You agree that EMS may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
If EMS does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, EMS will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to EMS. You agree that EMS will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
Dispute Resolution
Any claim under these Terms of Use must be brought within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is barred. No recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket expenses, except that the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. In the event of any controversy or dispute between EMS and you arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, the parties shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. If we are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days), then either party may submit such controversy or dispute to mediation. If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under applicable law.
Miscellaneous
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any product or service offered on the Site, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and EMS with regard to your use of the Site, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and EMS with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. EMS will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. EMS’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by EMS of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between EMS and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.
EMS provides access to EMS international data and, therefore, may contain references or cross references to EMS products, programs and services that are not announced in your country. Such reference does not imply that EMS in your country intends to announce such products, programs or services.
Trademark Information
Any use of EMS trademarks for commercial purposes without the prior written consent of EMS may constitute trademark infringement and unfair competition in violation of federal and state laws.
Copyright Information
A copyright is a property right in an original work of authorship. Copyright is recognized in most countries of the world by statutory copyright laws.
Copyright exists in the expression of an idea, but not the idea itself. Copyrightable expressions can take many forms but are usually categorized as literary, musical, dramatic, pantomime and choreography, pictorial, graphic, sculptural, computer programs, motion pictures, and sound recordings.
To obtain permission to use EMS copyrighted materials or if you have any questions concerning the usage or licensing of EMS copyrighted materials, please submit your detailed request in writing. You can e-mail your request to legal@sqlmanager.net.
EMS Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
EMS or any of its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new or improved products, product enhancements, marketing plans or new product names. Please do not send any original creative artwork, suggestions or other works. The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when EMS's products or marketing strategies might seem similar to ideas submitted to EMS. So, please do not send your unsolicited ideas to EMS or anyone at EMS. If, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still send them, then regardless of what your letter says, the following terms shall apply to your idea submission.
Terms of Idea Submission
You agree that: (1) your ideas will automatically become the property of EMS, without compensation to you, and (2) EMS can use the ideas for any purpose and in any way, even give them to others.
Product Feedback
EMS does, however, welcome your feedback regarding many areas of EMS's existing business. If you want to send us your feedback, and we hope you do, we simply request that you send it to us using the form found at http://www.SQLManager.net/about/testimonials, or you can choose from the many other listed areas for your feedback. Please provide only specific feedback on EMS's existing products or marketing strategies; do not include any ideas that EMS's policy will not permit it to accept or consider. It's just one more way that EMS can learn how to best satisfy your needs.
Software
Use of the software from this Site is subject to the software license terms set forth in an EMS Software License. The software License Agreement is available for review at product pages.
Documentation
Any person is hereby authorized to: a) store documentation on a single computer for personal use only and b) print copies of documentation for personal use provided that the documentation contains EMS’s copyright notice.
Third Party Companies and Products
Mention of third-party products, companies and web sites on the EMS Site is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. EMS assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance or use of these products or vendors. EMS provides this only as a convenience to our users. EMS has not tested any software found on these sites and makes no representations regarding the quality, safety, or suitability of any software found there. There are dangers inherent in the use of any software found on the Internet, and EMS assumes no responsibility with regard to the performance or use of these products. Make sure that you completely understand the risks before retrieving any software on the Internet. All third party products must be ordered directly from the vendor, and all licenses and warranties, if any, take place between you and the vendor.
The information contained in this Site is subject to change without notice.
Updated by EMS Legal - 2013.
Effective - 2013.
Copyright © 1999-2013 EMS Database Management Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
© 1999-2020 EMS Software Development, LLC All rights reserved.