https://www.digitalimpressions.in/privacy-disclaimer/
Work
Services
CLIENTS
About
Careers
Blog
Contact
Privacy & Disclaimer
Digital Impressions is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy on our website. This privacy policy is designed to provide you with an outline of, what personal information is collected from you and why.
What information do we collect?
We collect information such as your name, organization name, email address, telephone numbers, mobile number, fax number, physical address, postal address, IP address and other contact or project related information for internal use only.
How information is collected?
The information may be collected via our website by any technology used on our website, for example, the contact us form or a Quote request form.
We may also collect personal information via telephone, letter, promotional materials or at any function or event when meeting with a Digital Impressions representative.
Why collect information?
Our primary goal in collecting your personal information is to provide you with a professional, efficient and personalized service.
Using personal information:
We may use your personal information to communicate with you via emails, telephone, newsletters, and direct mails. We may also use it to provide important updates, for invitations or for any other administrative purpose.
Sharing your information:
We may share your personal information on a need-to-know basis within our company. We may also share your information with our sub-contractors or our suppliers with whom we have signed a confidentiality agreement. We will not sell, lease or distribute your personal information to any third-party organization without prior consent. We reserve the right to reveal your information in extreme or out-of-ordinary circumstances or for health or safety reasons or as required by the legal authorities.
REQUEST CALL
THE HAPPINESS CYCLE
We're hooked to it.
It’s a wonderfully rewarding cycle that we love being part of.
Be a part of this happy experience
Enquire for work
Join us
Terms & Conditions
Compliances & Standards
PAYMENT/ REFUND
Privacy & Disclaimer
Digital impressions