http://www.artweaver.de/en/privacy
Responsible in terms of data protection laws, in particular the EU Data Protection Ordinance (DSGVO) is:
Boris Eyrich Software
Abt-Moser-Straﬂe 32
D-88339 Bad Waldsee
Germany
www.b-e-soft.com
Your rights
You can apply the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer:
Information about your data stored with us and their processing,
Correction of incorrect personal data,
Deletion of your data stored with us,
Restriction of data processing if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations,
Objection to the processing of your data by us an
Data transferability if you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us.
If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.
You can contact your local supervisory authority at any time with a complaint. Your competent supervisory authority depends on your state of residence, your work or the alleged infringement. A list of supervisory authorities (for the non-public sector) with addresses can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Purposes of data processing by the responsible party and third parties
We process your personal data only for the purposes stated in this data protection declaration. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned. We will only pass on your personal data to third parties if:
you have given your express consent,
processing is necessary to process a contract with you,
the processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation,
the processing is necessary to protect legitimate interests and there is no reason to believe that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data.
Deletion or blocking of data
We adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. We therefore only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes stated here or as provided for in the various storage periods provided for by law. After the respective purpose or expiry of these periods, the corresponding data will be blocked or deleted as a matter of routine and in accordance with statutory regulations.
Collection of general information when you visit our website
When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically collected by means of a cookie. This information (server log files) includes the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and similar information. This is exclusively information which does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person.
This information is technically necessary in order to correctly deliver the content you have requested from websites and is mandatory when using the Internet. They are processed in particular for the following purposes:
Ensuring a trouble-free connection of the website,
Ensuring a smooth use of our website,
evaluation of system security and stability as well as
for other administrative purposes.
The processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest from the aforementioned purposes for data collection. We do not use your data to draw conclusions about you personally. The recipients of the data are only the responsible body and, if applicable, the contract processor.
Anonymous information of this kind may be statistically evaluated by us in order to optimize our Internet presence and the technology behind it.
Cookies
Like many other websites, we also use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are transferred from a website server to your hard drive. This automatically provides us with certain data such as IP address, browser used, operating system and your connection to the Internet.
Cookies cannot be used to start programs or to transmit viruses to a computer. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can make navigation easier for you and enable the correct display of our web pages.
Under no circumstances will the data we collect be passed on to third parties or linked to personal data without your consent.
Of course, you can also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In general, you can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your Internet browser to find out how you can change these settings. Please note that some features of our website may not work if you have disabled the use of cookies.
Registration in our forum
When registering to use our forum, some personal data is collected, such as name and e-mail address. If you are registered with us, you can create forum posts. Registered users also have the option of changing or deleting the data provided during registration at any time if required. Of course, we will also provide you with information about the personal data we have stored about you at any time. We will be happy to correct or delete them at your request, provided that there are no legal storage obligations to the contrary. To contact us in this context, please use the contact details given at the end of this data protection declaration.
When users create forum posts, the time of their creation and the user name previously chosen by the website visitor are saved in addition to this information. This serves our security, since we can be prosecuted for illegal contents on our web page, even if these were provided by users.
SSL encryption
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS.
Newsletter
On the basis of your explicit consent, we will regularly send you our newsletter or comparable information by e-mail to your specified e-mail address.
To receive the newsletter, it is sufficient to provide your e-mail address. When registering to receive our newsletter, the data you provide will be used exclusively for this purpose. Subscribers may also be notified by e-mail of circumstances relevant to the service or registration (e.g. changes to the newsletter offer or technical circumstances).
For an effective registration we need a valid e-mail address. In order to verify that a registration is actually made by the owner of an e-mail address, we use the "double opt-in" procedure. For this purpose we log the order of the newsletter, the sending of a confirmation e-mail and the receipt of the requested answer. Further data will not be collected. The data will be used exclusively for sending the newsletter and will not be passed on to third parties.
You can revoke your consent to the storage of your personal data and their use for the newsletter dispatch at any time. In each newsletter you will find a corresponding link. You can also unsubscribe directly from this website at any time or inform us of your request by using the contact option at the end of this data protection notice.
Contact form
If you contact us regarding any questions by e-mail or contact form, please give us your voluntary consent for the purpose of contacting us. A valid e-mail address is required for this purpose. This is used to assign the request and then reply to it. The specification of further data is optional. The information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing your inquiry and for possible follow-up questions. After your request has been processed, your personal data will be automatically deleted.
Changes to our data protection regulations
We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration so that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration will then apply for your next visit.
Questions to the data protection officer
If you have any questions about data protection, please write us an e-mail or contact the person responsible for data protection in our organisation directly: info@b-e-soft.com
Feedback