http://www.metavr.com/privacypolicy.html
Skip to main content
MetaVR Privacy Policy
MetaVR Privacy Policy
Use of Website Information Collected
When you visit MetaVR's website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page(s) you request. The information we collect might be used to create an aggregate demographic profile of our user base so that we can improve our content and services, to customize the content and/or layout of our email messages or web pages for each individual visitor, to notify you about updates to our website and services, to send you our opt-in email newsletter(s), to provide you with the products and/or services for which you signed-up or registered, which might include sending service- or product-related information via email. This aggregate information is not shared with other organizations for any purposes without your consent.
We might use cookies to record session information, such as what pages users access or visit or past activity at our web site in order to provide better service when you return to our site, customize web page or email message content based on your browser type or other information, and user-specific information during a secured purchase transaction.
We might share collected information with another company in the event that we merge with or are acquired by another company. Upon request, we will provide you with the information (email address, name, and so on) that we maintain about you.
Email and Other Contact Information
We collect only the information that is requested. Required fields on our order form are denoted with an asterisk (*). Unless otherwise stated on our website, we collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, purchase products from us, and information volunteered by you such as but not limited to list signup information, survey information, and/or site registrations. Once you register with us, you are not anonymous to us.
MetaVR maintains and manages its own email list. To report any abuse or violations of this Privacy Policy, please send email to webmaster@metavr.com and attach an unedited copy of the email message that you feel was sent to you in error or without your permission. Include all header information so that we can trace the origin of the message. Also include any notes or other information that you think are pertinent.
If you supply us with your postal address, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. If you supply us with your telephone number, you will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding your inquiry.
Email Newsletter
We will never share, sell, rent, or trade individual personal information with anyone for their promotional use without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information, and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we may record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as an address, cookie identifier, time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides (the URL).
If you subscribed to our email newsletter but do not want to receive it in the future, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions contained in the newsletter. Our email newsletter is in full compliance with the enrolled (final) text of bill S.877, which became law on January 1, 2004.
Security
We strive to maintain appropriate security measures in our respective physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you for being part of our email list. Although we take reasonable measures to secure our data, we cannot guarantee that the measures taken are or will remain adequate. Since we might include links to other companies' websites in our email messages, please refer to the privacy policies of those sites for information on how they handle security for information they collect.
Changes to Privacy Policy
From time to time, we might use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to this Privacy Policy page to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of our list. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check this Privacy Policy page periodically or send an email to webmaster@metavr.com.
MetaVR Navigation
Home
Products
VRSG
Overview
What's New
Features
User Interface
Using a 6DOF Controller with VRSG
Using a Gamepad or Joystick with VRSG
Scenario Editor
System Requirements
Terrain Tools
Overview
What's New
System Requirements
3D Models
3D Models Overview
3D Model Libraries
Featured Models
Model Search
New & Updated Models
3D Terrain
Regions
Airfields
Ranges
Urban Environments
Ordering New Terrain Area of Interest
Technology
Building Virtual Worlds
Metadesic Round-Earth Terrain Architecture
Terrain Threshold Requirements
Modeling Urban Structures
Using City Engine To Create Urban Environments
UAV Imagery Collection For Building 3D Terrain
Creating Runways
FBX Utility
Open Flight Utility
3D Terrain Workflow
Rendering Technologies
3D Oceans
Damage States
Characters
Environment and Weather
VR and Tracker Support
Effects
Sound Support
Interoperability With SAF
Aerial Refueling
Lights and Lighting
Multichannel
Stereoscopic 3D Vision
Physics-Based IR Simulation
Radar Simulation
UAS / RPA Simulation
First Person Simulator
ROVER Simulated Views
Deformation of Terrain for Craters
Digitally Aided Close Air Support
Night Visual Effects
Resources
CASE STUDIES
UAV/RPA
JTAC
Fixed Wing
Rotary Wing
Ground
Commercial
Simulator Hardware
Complete Solutions
Deployable Joint Fires Trainer
Fixed-Wing Part Task Mission Trainer
Graphics Cards
JTAC Desktop Simulator
Navigational Controllers
Storage Devices
VR Solutions
About MetaVR
Careers
Company Profile
Contact MetaVR
Fight Like a Girl
Honor Flight New England
Legal Counsel
Audited Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Trademarks
Other Resources
Documentation and
Brochures
Event Summary
Media Ads
MetaVR In The News
Newsletter Archive
Press Releases
Video Playlist
Where To See MetaVR
How To Buy
Buying Overview
Price List
Product Pricing, Best Price, & Additional Materials
Shipping Policy
Return Policy & Procedures
Information
Software Maintenance & Technical Support
Software Upgrades
Software License Transfer
Software Dongles and Licensing
Customer Requested Features Policy
On-Site Support
Previous Versions
Evaluation Policy
Distribution Media Kit
Software End User License Agreement
Footer menu
Copyright © 2020, MetaVR. All Rights Reserved.  |  Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy