https://www.accesssoftek.com/privacy-policy/?hsLang=en
Request Demo
About
Solutions
Access Online and Mobile
Account Opening
Lending
EasyVest
Real-Time Fraud Control
Biometric Authentication Manager
Conversational Banking
News & Events
Trade Shows
Client Conference
Webinars
News and Blog
Partners
Other Services
OFX Server and Client
Professional Services
LLVM
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://accesssoftek.com/ and Access Softek, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Access Softek, Inc. include https://accesssoftek.com/ and Access Softek. The Access Softek website is an informational site. By using the Access Softek website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Access Softek may collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:
–          Age
–          Gender
–          Race
–          Religion
–          Political Affiliation
–          Household Income
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Access Softek does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Access Softek may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Access Softek may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Access Softek, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Access Softek may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Access Softek or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Access Softek; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Access Softek, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Access Softek may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Access Softek, in order to determine what Access Softek services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Access Softek to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Access Softek. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain a quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Access Softek website.
Use of Cookies
The Access Softek website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Access Softek pages, or register with Access Softek site or services, a cookie helps Access Softek to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Access Softek website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Access Softek features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Access Softek services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Children Under Thirteen
Access Softek does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Access Softek may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Access Softek or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Access Softek, you may opt-out of such communications by contacting support@accesssoftek.com..
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Access Softek reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Request Demo
Copyright © 2020 Access Softek | Privacy Policy