http://www.cotse.net/privacy/child_safety.htm
APacketdermLLCService
CHILDREN AND ONLINE SAFETY
Keeping children safe on the Internet is a daunting task.
Telenor and Save the Children in new partnership -Oslo, Norway
"Telenor and Save the Children have entered into a three-year partnership agreement. The purpose of the agreement is to prevent abuse of children over the Internet and to make the Internet and mobile phones safe for children and young users. This partnership involves a joint effort from Telenor and Save the Children in the struggle against the distribution of images and films depicting sexual exploitation of children."
Full story - ArriveNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 19 07:56:31 EDT 2005
European Parliament proposes .kid Internet domain
"The European Parliament on Wednesday proposed creating a new .kid Internet domain name to help children navigate cyberspace safely."
Full story - Reuters
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep
7 13:42:31 EDT 2005
Federal regulations impacting gay sites again stalled
"... The Free Speech Coalition is suing U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to prevent the Department of Justice from enforcing new regulations to U.S.C. 2257, dubbed "2257," which mandates producers verify the ages of models, actors and others appearing in sexually explicit content and keep thorough records on them, including address, photo identification and their legal names."
Full story - Washington Blade
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep
6 13:28:22 EDT 2005
Katrina children seeking parents shown on Web site
"Photos of children separated from their parents by Hurricane Katrina have been posted on a Web site by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in an attempt to reunite families."
Full story - Reuters
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep
6 09:12:15 EDT 2005
Internet cafes to be regulated
"KORONADAL CITY -- Local officials here are planning to regulate the operations of Internet cafés in a bid to curb the growing number of young people who are being hooked to pornographic materials and the so-called cyber prostitution in the worldwide web."
Full story - Sun Star
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Sep
4 19:44:33 EDT 2005
When private becomes public
"Prowling Internet pedophiles are just one concern experts raise about online social-networking sites such as MySpace.com, which attract hundreds of local teens."
Full story - Seattle Times
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep
3 08:56:12 EDT 2005
'Net bullies taking toll among young
"It frequently starts with a bad break-up.
Then the e-mails and instant messages start or personal information shows up in an Internet chat room.
Awful names are tossed around. Top 10 lists - everything from the ugliest in school to the fattest to the easiest - get posted online."
Full story - TheDailyNews
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 29 08:14:43 EDT 2005
Keeping Kids Safe on the Internet
"A recent national survey reveals 54% of parents feel their ability to monitor and shelter their children from inappropriate material on the Internet is limited. So we asked investigators from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division for tips on keeping kids safe."
Full story - WLTX-TV
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Aug 26 18:44:00 EDT 2005
Laws designed to shield kids from spam, porn backfire
"Laws in two states to shield children from objectionable e-mail are having a chilling effect on nearly everyone but the spammers they were intended for.
The laws in Michigan and Utah create e-mail registries to prevent children from viewing adult-oriented messages. The laws, both barely a month old, threaten to disrupt businesses nationwide, marketers and legal experts say."
Full story - AZCentral
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Aug 25 15:39:45 EDT 2005
Easy Ways to Keep the Internet Safe for All Ages
"Parental-control software makes sense in some households, but I see domestic surveillance as a last resort. Before you institute blanket home censorship and snooping on the family PC, give these less intrusive browse-control tools and techniques a try."
Full story - PC World
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug 23 11:48:37 EDT 2005
Weapons gained in fight against online sexual predators
"According to the U.S. Justice Department, more incidents of online child pornography and child sexual exploitation are being identified for investigation than ever before...
"Fortunately, a law that went into effect this month gives Foti and others in law enforcement a stronger ede (sic) in the fight against predators who use the Web to prey on children. It makes it a crime for those 18 or older to use a computer to contact someone under 18, or thought to be under 18, to have sex. Until the new law became effective, the state could only charge predators with attempting to solicit."
Full story - The Daily Advertiser
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Aug 22 10:49:21 EDT 2005
Teens list sex desires on Web
"When Whitman police Detective Stephen Drass opened a link to a Web site a concerned mother sent him, he was surprised to find profiles from Whitman youths who provided their real first and last names, addresses, photos and sexual preferences. While most of the kids were young teenagers, they claimed to be over the age of 18."
Full story - The Enterprise at SouthofBoston.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Sun Aug 14 15:38:29 EDT 2005
Desperate Teens Sell Themselves on EBay
"Looking for a little extra spending money, two college-bound teenagers decided to sell a week of their time to the highest bidder on the Internet auction site eBay."
Full story - AP
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Aug 10 10:55:14 EDT 2005
Kids' photos banned on Internet
"POSTING photos of children on websites could become a crime - even if they appear to be wholesome family snaps.
In a proposal with ramifications for schools, sports clubs, and families which make online "brag books" for friends and relatives, state and territory governments will combine to tighten the use of the internet to ensure predators cannot access internet images of children."
Full story - news.com.au
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug
9 16:06:25 EDT 2005
Web pic law canvassed
"POSTING unauthorised photos of children on the internet could be outlawed under options raised in a discussion paper.
Releasing the paper, Victorian Attorney-General Rob Hulls called for a national strategy to combat the publication of unauthorised photos on the internet.
The push follows recent incidents where photos were taken of Victorian school children at sporting events and then posted on the net, in some cases with links to sexually explicit websites."
Full story - Australian IT
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Aug
9 08:45:39 EDT 2005
State starts anti-spam registry for children
"This month, Michigan launched a registry called Protect MI Child Registry designed to help Thompson and other parents stop spammers from sending inappropriate material to children younger than 18. State officials believe it's the nation's first such law.
Beginning Monday, spammers must stop e-mailing children whose addresses are registered by the state if they're sending advertisements about pornography, tobacco, gambling, alcohol, illegal or prescription drugs, firearms or fireworks."
Full story - WZZM
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Jul 26 08:44:50 EDT 2005
Other resources on CHILDREN AND ONLINE SAFETY:
NetSmartz
GetNetWise
Internet 101
Child Safety on the Information Highway
SafeKids.com
Abbreviations Commonly Used in Instant Messaging and Chat
A Parent's Place on the FCC Web Site
ParentsOnline
SafetyEd.org
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.