http://www.techlawjournal.com/privacy/19991221b.htm
Advocates Split Over Which Threatens Privacy More -
Governments or Commerce
(December 21, 1999) Steve Forbes last week accused the administration of
drafting regulations that would allow the government to violate individuals'
medical records privacy. He also stated that "the biggest and most serious
threat to our privacy comes from a massive federal government ..." This
runs counter to the school of thought that it is corporations, not the
government, that pose the bigger privacy problem.
Protecting privacy is neither an intense nor partisan issue in Washington
politics. However, there are some patterns. Generally, Republicans and
conservatives who take an interest in protecting privacy see government as the
larger threat. In contrast, Democrats and liberals who take an interest in
privacy tend to see businesses as the greater threat.
Rep. Porter Goss (R-FL), the
Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, has sparred with the
administration over the signals intelligence operations of the National Security
Administration (NSA). Rep. Goss has sought copies of the NSA's own records
regarding its assessment of the legality of its these activities.
Rep. Goss wrote a statement in
May which was attached to a committee report. In it he criticized the NSA's
refusal to give him the records. He also explained that "the privacy
interests of the citizens of the United States could be at risk."
Rep. Bob Barr
Rep. Bob Barr (R-GA), a member of
the House Judiciary Committee, has taken a keen interest, not only in the NSA's
signals intelligence operations, but a whole host of other government law
enforcement activities that threaten individual privacy.
Rep. Barr gave a speech last April in which he
cited the NSA's signals intelligence activities, the FDIC's proposed "know
your customer" regulations, the proposed national ID card, and roving
wiretaps by law enforcement.
In contrast, Rep. Ed Markey
(D-MA), the ranking Democrat on the House Telecom Subcommittee, is a leading
proponent of passing legislation to regulate business activities that affect
online privacy. He is the sponsor of HR 3321, the
Electronic Privacy Bill of Rights Act of 1999, which would limit the gathering
and compiling personally identifiable information by commercial web site
operators.
Rep. Markey has also criticized Intel for its chip design plans. For example,
he gave a speech last April in which he stated,
"I found the unique identifying technology in the Intel Pentium III, and
Microsoft products, very disturbing. I quickly wrote to the CEO of Intel when
the Pentium III was unveiled to request a redesign of the chip to better address
consumer privacy concerns."
Interest groups which advocate on the issue of privacy also tend split on
what poses the greatest threat to privacy, governments or corporations.
For, example, there Phyllis Schlafly, of the pro-family Eagle Forum, a group popular with
conservative women. She wrote an editorial
on December 8, 1999, that,
"Americans should be increasingly worried about how computer
efficiency gives the federal government extraordinary powers to monitor the
daily activities of law-abiding Americans. Unknown to most people, government
databases are storing all kinds of personal information about every
American."
She listed a long litany of government abuses of, or attempts to abuse,
individual privacy.
The FCC's CALEA mandate that wireless providers be able to pinpoint the
location of calls. "Cell phones are going to be homing devices for the
government to track our whereabouts."
The FDIC's proposed "Know Your Customer" rules.
The FAA's proposed regulation to give the government access to personal
travel records.
Public school questionnaires which are used to database information.
The Dept. of Health and Human Services' inducing states to create
databases of children's vaccinations, and the Centers for Disease Control's
plans to link these state databases into a federal database containing every
child's medical records.
The "unique health care identifier", now abandoned, that would
have facilitated government tracking individual medical records on a
government database.
The list continued. Almost everything on it involved government action.
Related Story: Presidential Candidate Forbes
Gives Address on Privacy, 12/21/99.
Similarly, Steve Forbes gave a major
speech on privacy to the Free Congress
Foundation in Washington on Thursday, December 16. He focused primarily on
government threats to medical records privacy. Nevertheless, his long list of
abuses was almost exclusively government actions. It overlapped significantly
with Schlafly's list.
In contrast, groups such as Electronic Privacy
Information Center (EPIC) and Junkbusters perceive
corporations to be a greater threat. Marc Rotenberg, Executive Director of EPIC,
and Jason Catlett, President of Junkbusters, held a joint press conference on
Friday, December 17.
They released a report titled Surfer Beware III:
Privacy Policies without Privacy Protection which criticized e-commerce
company's privacy policies.
Jason Catlett said, "The stated policies of most big shopping sites run
the gamut from bad to atrocious. People should have the right to buy without
being tracked and without having their personal information sold."
Both also commented on the Forbes speech. "Forbes correctly identified
that privacy is a vital issue for the next century, but he pointed a finger in
the wrong direction," said Catlett. His "comments were exclusively on
government."
"The critical privacy issue in the campaign is going to be the expanding
use of personal data in the commercial sector," said Rotenberg. However, he
added that, "I will fairly credit Forbes for raising the issue."
See, Tech Law Journal Summary
of Online Privacy Bills in the 106th Congress.
There is also bipartisan activity. There are bipartisan bills in both the
House and Senate to impose some regulation of online business's privacy
practices. For example, Sen. Conrad Burns
(R-MT) and Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) are
cosponsoring S 809, the Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1999. Similarly, Rep.
Rick Boucher (D-VA) and Rep. Bob
Goodlatte (R-VA) are the lead cosponsors of HR 1685, The Internet Growth and Development Act.