https://www.hallme.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home / Privacy Policy
Who we are
Hall
Hall is a globally recognized, data driven, digital agency that focuses on Search Engine Optimization, Technical SEO for Retailers, Paid Search Marketing, Digital Advertising and Retargeting, Web Analytics, User Experience Optimization, Email Marketing and the design and development of WordPress and WooCommerce websites.
We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We make this notice readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every https://www.hallme.com web page.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect information that you provide to us to help serve your needs. This information is collected when you submit a form on the site and may include the following personal data:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
In addition, we also collect and use cookies to keep track of the following information while you are on our site to help support you during your visit:
Pages viewed
Forms submitted
Location/IP address
Browser type
When you inquire on our site, we’ll ask you to provide information. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your request
Respond to your requests
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
We generally store information about you for as long as we need it, for the purposes which we collect and use it. We are not legally required to continue to store your information.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. Our sales and customer service team members have access to this information to help support you and respond to your requests.
What we share with others
We will never sell your personal data. We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where we are required to do so by law or outlined below.
We may pass your personal data to or through GDPR Compliant third party software or plugins for the purposes of providing services to you on our behalf. We do this for the purpose of our legitimate interests in operating our business.
These plugins and software may or may not include:
CDN Enabler
Google Analytics
Gravity Forms
Gravity Forms Mailchimp Add-On
Gravity Forms Partial Entries Add-On
Hall Mail
SEO Control Center
Stream
Watsonfinds
WordPress Sentry
WPMU DEV Dashboard
Yoast SEO
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
Email
sales@hallme.com
Phone
207-956-0020
Address
40 Manson Libby Road
Scarborough, Maine 04074
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
How we protect your data
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.