https://www.actiontec.com/wifihelp/complete-guide-to-modems-routers-and-gateways/
Complete Guide to Modems, Routers and GatewaysHave you ever fallen down the research rabbit hole as you look into all your home networking options? It can be confusing to navigate what all the terminology means and how it will work for you. Before we get into the differences between modems, routers, gateways and modem routers, let’s review what each device does.
Learning Annex
|
WiFi Networking
Wi-Fi Explained
Optimize Your Wi-Fi
Manage Your Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi Security
Troubleshoot Your Wi-Fi
Modems, Routers and Gateways
What is a Modem?
What is a Gateway?
What is a Modem/Router?
What is a Router?
What’s the Difference
G.hn
What Is G.hn Powerline?
How Does G.hn Powerline Work?
How To Get Better WiFi?
What is a Modem?
A modem is a small box that connects your devices to the Internet using cables. Unlike a router, a modem doesn’t provide your home with Wi-Fi connectivity. A modem acts as a digital translator, taking an information signal from your cable, fiber or phone lines and making it accessible to your computer.
What is a modem?
Types of modem?
Modem vs Router
What modem is best for you?
What is a Gateway?
Put simply, a gateway is a device that combines the functions of a modem and a router. A modem is a device that connects to your cable or phone lines and translates the data or information from the Internet to your computer or connected device. A router is a device that works with your modem to takes the data coming through the modem and sends it wirelessly to multiple devices like smart phones, tablets, gaming consoles, and computers.
What is a Gateway?
Why get a Gateway?
Where to buy a Gateway?
What is a Modem Router
A modem and a router may be two separate devices that are connected by wires. So what is a Modem Router? It’s simply a single device that combines the functions of a modem and a router. Gateway is another term that means modem router. The primary benefit to using a modem router is the simplicity of having a single device to set up rather than two. It’s a one-stop shop for Internet connectivity.
What is a Modem Router?
Where Can You Get a Modem Router?
Basics of WiFi Router?
What is a Router?
A router either connects to your modem via wires, or it may be built right into the modem. The router’s function then is to send information from the Internet wirelessly to all devices in your home, like phones, tablets, gaming consoles, computers and more. In other words, when you connect to Wi-Fi, you’re really connecting to a router.
What is a Router?
Router Features
Buying vs Renting a Router
What are the Differences between a Modem, a Router, a Gateway and a Modem Router?
Have you ever fallen down the research rabbit hole as you look into all your home networking options? It can be confusing to navigate what all the terminology means and how it will work for you. Before we get into the differences between modems, routers, gateways and modem routers, let’s review what each device does.
Learn more
Learn More
The Difference between a VDSL Modem and a DSL Modem
What is a Wi-Fi Modem and How is it Different from a Standard Modem?
Features to Look for in a Wi-Fi Modem
GT784WN
Wireless N DSL Modem Router
The full featured GT784WN DSL Modem Wireless Router reduces the technology clutter. By integrating a DSL modem, wireless N networking, and full routing capability in one box, the GT784WN lets you solve all of your customer’s connection and networking needs. The modem has been tested for maximum performance on all major DSL providers and supports ADSL2+ with speeds up to 24 Mbps downstream.
Product Info
T3200
Bonded VDSL2 Wireless AC Gateway Router
Deliver an ultra-fast and powerful home networking experience, with Gigabit access speeds, HD video, and multi-play services over any fiber network architecture. As part of the T3200 family, this Bonded VDSL2 Modem 802.11ac Wireless Router supports fiber-to-the-home (FTTH), fiber-to-the-node (FTTN), fiber-to-the curb (FTTC), and fiber-to-the-distribution-point (FTTdp/MDU). Dual band WiFi (802.11n/ac) delivers wireless speeds up to 2.3 Gbps* to enable your customers to get the best streaming and broadband experience anywhere in the home.
Product Info
T3200
Bonded VDSL2 Wireless AC Gateway Router
Deliver an ultra-fast and powerful home networking experience, with Gigabit access speeds, HD video, and multi-play services over any fiber network architecture. As part of the T3200 family, the T3200M Bonded VDSL2 Modem and 802.11ac Wireless Router supports fiber-to-the-home (FTTH), fiber-to-the-node (FTTN), fiber-to-the curb (FTTC), and fiber-to-the-distribution-point (FTTdp/MDU). Dual band WiFi (802.11n/ac) delivers wireless speeds up to 2.3 Gbps* to enable your customers to get the best streaming and broadband experience anywhere in the home.
Product Info
Was this Helpful ?
Yes    No
By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies.Cookie settings Privacy Policy XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  For more information see our Cookie Policy page.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Performance
performance
Functional
functional
Advertisement
advertisement
Save & Accept
Share This
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Business Development
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneTitle*Company*Product Inquiry*
Optim
Home Networking
WiFi Gateways & Routers
Retail Products
Question*CAPTCHA