https://www.allroundautomations.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
About us
Support
Contact
Try it free
order
1. Introduction
Allround Automations provides software development products and support services. At Allround Automations the privacy and security of our customers, users and website visitors are of paramount importance. Allround Automations is committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how Allround Automations processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) collected through use of its website, products, and services.
For the purposes of this policy, Allround Automations defines the term “Customer” as an entity that has purchased our products, “User” as a user of our software products and/or support services, and the term “Website Visitor” as any individual who visits the Allround Automations web site (https://www.allroundautomations.com).
Any information stored in Allround Automations’ information systems is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely with encryption and is accessed by authorized and authenticated personnel only. Allround Automations implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.
2. Collection and use
2.1 General
The following sections cover the specifics of each of the three groups from which data is collected: Website Visitors, Customers and Users.
2.2 Website Visitors
By visiting this website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as described herein. If you do not agree with the terms set out herein, please do not visit our website.
Cookies
To enhance the experience on our website, some of our web pages use “cookies”. Cookies are small pieces of information stored by a web browser on a visitor’s PC. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us any of your personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by filling out a form. We only use cookies to improve the experience on our web site. For example, some forms may recall the previously entered information when you revisit a web page.
Allround Automations does not store cookies from third parties on the visitor’s PC.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics for the purpose of analyzing and optimizing the usage of our website. The information captured by Google Analytics is anonymous and does not include any personal data.
Forms
On the Allround Automations web site you can fill out request forms, order forms, and participate in forums. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number and information about the company you work for.
Purpose of processing personal data
Allround Automations will only use the personal data you provide to fulfill your request. Allround Automations will not use your personal data for any other purposes, such as mailings, publication, or sharing.
Sharing personal data
Allround Automations will not share your personal data with third parties.
Links to other sites
Please be aware that while visiting our website, visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. Allround Automations is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
2.3 Customers
CRM Database
When placing an order we will place some personal data in our CRM Database. Only authorized and authenticated users have access to the CRM Database. The data in the CRM Database is stored in an encrypted format.
The personal data in our CRM Database includes name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, product information, payment information, and information about the company you work for.
Purpose of processing personal data
Allround Automations will use the personal data in our CRM Database to fulfill orders, for payment processes, to fulfill quote requests, to fulfill license and contract inquiries, and to send e-mail notifications about purchased products and services.
Allround Automations will not use your personal data for any other purposes, such as general mailings, publication, or sharing.
Sharing personal data
Allround Automations will not share your personal data with third parties.
Online payments
When placing an order on our website, you can choose to submit an online payment. These online payments are processed through the platform of Cleverbridge AG. For more information about the privacy policy of Cleverbridge AG, see https://www.cleverbridge.com.
Allround Automations does not store any online payment information, such as credit card numbers or PayPal account data, but will only collect information required for the purposes of our CRM Database as stated above.
Resellers
When placing an order for our products or services through a reseller, the privacy policy of the reseller applies. More information about the privacy policy of the reseller can be found on the reseller’s website.
Allround Automations does not store any other information for reseller orders than required for the purposes of our CRM Database as stated above.
2.4 Users
Using the software product
No personal data will be collected or sent to Allround Automations as a result of using our software products.
Support requests
When sending support request by e-mail, Allround Automations will store your name, e-mail address, and e-mail text in the support database. Only authorized and authenticated users have access to the support database. The data in the support database is stored in an encrypted format.
The personal data and other privacy information of your support requests will not be shared with 3rd parties.
3. Retention and deletion
Allround Automations will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Website Visitors, Customers and Users can contact Allround Automations to request that their personal data be deleted.
4. Acceptance of these Conditions
We assume that all Website Visitors, Customers and Users have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our website, products and services. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity dictates. Continued use of the Allround Automations website, products and services after having been informed of any such changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy.
5. Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Information
We will reveal a Customer’s or User’s personal information without his/her prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to Allround Automations or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.
6. Allround Automations’ Data Protection Officer
Allround Automations has a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address:
Allround Automations
Attn: Data Protection Officer
P.O. Box 40014
7504RA Enschede
The Netherlands
E-mail: dataprotectionofficer@allroundautomations.com
7. For Further Information
If you have any further questions or remarks about the data Allround Automations collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us at:
Allround Automations
P.O. Box 40014
7504RA Enschede
The Netherlands
E-mail: privacy@allroundautomations.com
Save time and money on Oracle Development
Try it out for free
Privacy policy
License terms
© 2020 Allround Automations