http://www.i-next.co.uk/legal
Site Terms and Conditions of Use | I-ntarsia
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Home
Why
Features
Articles
Customer Profiles
Reviews
About Us
Request a Demo
Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1.    Introduction
1.1    These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website.
1.2    By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
1.3    If you register with our website, submit any material to our website or use any of our website services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
1.4    Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy and cookies policy.
2.    Copyright notice
2.1    Copyright (c) 2018 I-Next Ltd.
2.2    Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a)    we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b)    all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3.    Licence to use website
3.1    You may:
(a)    view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b)    download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c)    print pages from our website;
(d)    stream audio and video files from our website; and
(e)    use our website services by means of a web browser,
subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
3.2    Except as expressly permitted by Section 3.1 or the other provisions of these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
3.3    You may only use our website for your own personal and business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
3.4    Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
3.5    Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
(a)    republish material from our website (including republication on another website);
(b)    sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c)    show any material from our website in public;
(d)    exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e)    redistribute material from our website.
3.6    Notwithstanding Section 3.5, you may redistribute our newsletter in print and electronic form to any person.
3.7    We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
4.    Acceptable use
4.1    You must not:
(a)    use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b)    use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c)    use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d)    conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e)    access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means, except for the purpose of search engine indexing;
(f)    violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website; or
(g)    use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
4.2    You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
4.3    You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
5.    User Accounts
5.1    To be eligible for an account on our website under this Section 6, you must have signed a Platform Hosting Agreement with I-Next.
5.2    You must not allow any other person to use your account to access the website.
5.3    You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account.
5.4    You must not use any other person's account to access the website, unless you have that person's express permission to do so.
6.    Report abuse
6.1    If you learn of any unlawful material or activity on our website, or any material or activity that breaches these terms and conditions, please let us know.
6.2    You can let us know about any such material or activity by email to content.abuse@i-ntarsia.com.
7.    Limited warranties
7.1    We do not warrant or represent:
(a)    the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b)    that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c)    that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
7.2    We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
7.3    To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 13.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
8.    Limitations and exclusions of liability
8.1    Nothing in these terms and conditions will:
(a)    limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b)    limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)    limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)    exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
8.2    The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 8 and elsewhere in these terms and conditions:
(a)    are subject to Section 8.1; and
(b)    govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions.
8.3    To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
8.4    We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
8.5    We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
8.6    We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
8.7    We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
8.8    You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these terms and conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
9.    Indemnity
9.1    You hereby indemnify us, and undertake to keep us indemnified, against any and all losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute) incurred or suffered by us and arising directly or indirectly out of your use of our website or any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions.
10.    Breaches of these terms and conditions
10.1    Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
(a)    send you one or more formal warnings;
(b)    temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c)    permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d)    block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e)    contact any or all of your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f)    commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise; and/or
(g)    suspend or delete your account on our website.
10.2    Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking.
11.    Third party websites
11.1    Our website includes hyperlinks to other websites owned and operated by third parties; such hyperlinks are not recommendations.
11.2    We have no control over third party websites and their contents, and subject to Section 13.1 we accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
12.    Trade marks
12.1    I-ntarsia, our logos and our other registered and unregistered trade marks are trade marks belonging to us; we give no permission for the use of these trade marks, and such use may constitute an infringement of our rights.
12.2    The third party registered and unregistered trade marks or service marks on our website are the property of their respective owners and, unless stated otherwise in these terms and conditions, we do not endorse and are not affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such we cannot grant any licence to exercise such rights.
13.    Variation
13.1    We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
13.2    The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions.
13.3    If you have given your express agreement to these terms and conditions, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these terms and conditions; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised terms and conditions within such period as we may specify, we will disable or delete your account on the website, and you must stop using the website.
14.    Assignment
14.1    You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
14.2    You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
15.    Severability
15.1    If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
15.2    If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
16.    Third party rights
16.1    A contract under these terms and conditions is for our benefit and your benefit, and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
16.2    The exercise of the parties' rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
17.    Entire agreement
17.1    Subject to Section 8.1, these terms and conditions, together with [our privacy and cookies policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
18.    Law and jurisdiction
18.1    These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
18.2    Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
19.    Statutory and regulatory disclosures
19.5    Our VAT number is 641 8716 29.
20.    Our details
20.1    This website is owned and operated by I-Next Limited.
20.2    We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 03065542, and our registered office and principal place of business is at 11, Groves Lea, Mortimer, Reading, Berkshire, RG7 3SS.
20.3    You can contact us:
(a)    by post, using the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone on 0118 931 3719;
(d)    as stated in your Platform Hosting Agreement if you have one
Get Started
gbpWith developer and production platforms configurable to suit the smallest to even the most demanding client, we are sure that there will be a solution to meet your project budget
You can have your I-ntarsia 8.xx development platform deployed right away. Simply contact us and one of our team will be in touch as soon as possible.
Adding Drupal 8 To Your CMS Portfolio
Drupal 8 can be a valuable addition to your CMS portfolio. Find out how we make adding Drupal 8 capability simple for your agency with our 5 step process.
Drupal 8 Entrepreneurship
We are looking to help a small number of talented digital media graduates set off on a path to owning their own business through our Drupal 8 Entrepreneurship programme.
I-ntarsia Directions
If you just want to stay up to date the evolution of the I-ntarsia Managed Digital Service Platform, then why not subscribe to to our I-ntarsia DIrections announcement service.
Enquiry
Your name
Your email address
Message
Referral Code
Accept Terms and Conditions
By completing this enquiry form you give your consent to I-Next to store and process the data you have entered in accordance with the Site Terms and Conditions and the Privacy and Cookies Policy.
If you do not wish to give this consent then please contact us by post to the address given within the Site Terms and Conditions.
Leave this field blank
Corporate History
I-Next has been delivering web projects since 1995 and since 2003 the I-ntarsia platform has been providing a high performance, stable delivery platform for our customers to deliver their web projects on. We are uniquely placed to understand what is needed to deliver a successful web project, and we have the wealth of experience in managing the challenges created by the terrific pace of change in the industry.
power-off Powered by I-ntarsia V8.18 | © 2020 I-Next Ltd. | Site Terms and Conditions | Privacy and Cookies Policy | Privacy Settings