https://www.webonautics.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Profile
Our Core
Why Us
Services
Web Applications
WordPress Solutions
Mobile Solutions
Graphics
Bits n Bytes
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Webonautics has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm’s commitment to privacy. Webonautics considers and treats your privacy with utmost importance and would like you to know the details we collect and our Privacy Policy. As such you can visit www.webonautics.com without providing any personal information. But at times you may want to give us information, such as your name and address or e-mail id to correspond with you. Webonautics understanding the need for your privacy intends to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you. If you give us personal information about somebody else, such as a spouse or work colleague, we will assume that you have their permission to do so.
This Privacy Policy contains types of information that is collected and recorded by the Website (https://www.webonautics.com/) and how we use it.
Information collected
Log Files:
This Website follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
This means that a users session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. At no point of time is this information connected to your name, email or identity.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons: Like any other website, this website uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information. You can read our Cookie Policy here.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. In such circumstances, the Privacy Policy of that other websites will be applicable and this Website does not have any direct policy or any terms for other websites.
Online only
Our Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to this Website with regards to the information that they shared in this Website. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this Website.
Consent
By using this Website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Cookie PolicyOur site uses Cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic and personalize content. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them in our Read More. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
ACCEPTCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.