https://www.drivehq.com/help/solution/EnterpriseService.aspx
A Complete Enterprise Solution
DriveHQ's enterprise cloud IT solution offers very broad cloud storage, collaboration and security features,
allowing organizations to quickly migrate their IT systems to the cloud.
Built with the end users as the primary focus,
DriveHQ's solution does not require re-training your employees, ensuring a smooth transition to the cloud.
Custom Solutions
Understanding that enterprises often have unique requirements, DriveHQ's
cloud IT solution offers many customization features, such as Custom Logo & Logon Page,
Custom Dropbox Page, Co-branded & White-Label Service, Custom Domain FTP/Web/Email Hosting.
Our team of experts can help
design a solution that can meet your specific requirements.
Starting at only $1/user/month+storage charge, DriveHQ's Enterprise Cloud IT Solution is a
true solution for enterprises that will actually lower your business cost
and improve business
efficiency.
Privacy
DriveHQ takes every precaution to make sure your confidential information stays that way.
HIPAA Compliance - DriveHQ provides the administrative, technical and physical safeguards to support your organization's compliance with HIPAA.
Certified for EU and Swiss Safe Harbor - frameworks for the collection and use of personal data from European member countries.
Event Logging and User Management
Track account activity, file access, settings changes and everthing else that happens on your DriveHQ account
Full Event Logging - Review user activity with our 	detailed event log reporting feature
Group Admin Tool - frameworks for the collection and use of personal data from European member countries.
Active Directory Integration - frameworks for the collection and use of personal data from European member countries.
Control Access, Authentication and Authorization
Easily configure permissions for your organization to ensure that the right people have the right level of access to company information
Strong Authentiaction - Customize password strength requirements, resets, failed logins, session duration, two-factor authentication, and single sign-on integration
Granular Authorization - With seven levels of permission for access, preview, editing, and sharing, you can ensure individual users and groups can only see what they need to
Flexible Access Controls - Password-protect confidential presentations and financial documents. Set automatic expiration dates for sensitive files.
Data Protection: Encryption and Security Policies
DriveHQ protects the confidentiality and inegrity of your files in transit and at rest
Client-side Encryption - Encrypt your content on your own machine so only you can unlock your content
Layered Encrypion - Encryption in transfer with high-grade TLS and multi-layered encryption at rest with 256-bit AES.
Data Integrity - File versioning, recycle bin recovery, file-locking, deletion and expiration controls all working to protect the integrity of your content.
Data Center Security and Availability
DriveHQ uses multiple data centers with several providers to build redundancy into DriveHQ services. All data centers employ a variety of secure mechanisms, including strict access policies plus secure vaults and cages.
Secure Locations - Encrypt your content on your own machine so only you can unlock your content
System Redundancy - Encryption in transfer with high-grade TLS and multi-layered encryption at rest with 256-bit AES.
Threat Protection and Prevention - Uninterruptible power backup systems as well as fire/flood detection and prevention are used at storage sites