https://www.healthypalmpilot.com/privacy-statement-for-healthy-palmpilot/
Skip to content
Search for:
Search for:
Privacy Statement for Healthy Palmpilot
Healthy Palmpilot has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Healthy Palmpilot.
Information Automatically Logged
Table of Contents
Information Automatically LoggedCookiesAdvertisersRegistration FormsExternal LinksPublic ForumsContacting the Web Site
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We also log IP addresses for systems administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a users session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. We will only store the information provided voluntarily, but this information is not personally identifiable. If for some reason you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible with cookies, most browsers allow you to reject cookies or to choose which cookies to accept.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Registration Forms
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), and unique identifiers (like their social security number).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors for use as account numbers in our record system.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Healthy Palmpilot is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact webmaster@healthypalmpilot.com
Recent Posts
Best Premature Ejaculation Pills Comparison and Review 2020
Does VigRx Plus Work? What Customers and Experts Say?
Neosize XL Review and Results Confirmed by Customers
Best Increase Sperm Volume Pills, that Actors Use
Natural Breast Enlargement Pills. Medical Observations
The Best Penis Pump Results Compared. Penis Growth vs. Erection
Male Edge Review. Is it Worth to Buy this Extender?
ProSolution Plus Review. Real Facts and Medical Advice
SizeGenetics Review. Is this the Best Penis Extender?
VigRX Oil Review, Brief Facts and Effectiveness
Best Dick Straightener Today. How Does it Work?
Categories
Breast enlargement
Male Enhancement
Penis Enlargement
Premature Ejaculation
Volume Pills
About AuthorRob AllenClinical Social Work/Therapist, LCAS, RYT, CHST