http://www.honeyblog.org/protecting-our-kids-privacy-and-data/
HomeAboutF.A.Q.Terms and conditionsPrivacy PolicyContact
Share This Post
One of the biggest platforms in the world, Youtube, is
currently under investigation by the Federal Trade Commision due to the
complaints that the platform was improperly collecting data from their young
users. While it is unsure how much data that might be, there is a reason to
believe that the amount could be quite significant. Youtube has definitely
replaced television for many kids around the world, and depending on how
parents use the internet, children could amass data even before they are born.
It is known that 81% of all children in the world, and 92%
of US children have some kind of online presence before they turn even two
years of age, and in addition, 95% of US teens have a smartphone, or at least
having some kind of access to one. From those teens, about 45% are online
pretty much every day, on average of nine hours.
Important tech figures such as Apple CEO Tim Cook and the
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg have asserted that the reason behind so much time
spent online is data ownership, in the form where users control their own data
and decide when to allow the governments or various corporations to use them as
they please.
Regulation General Protection Privacy Gdpr Europe
While that idea might seem appealing, it is definitely not a
sufficient tool when it comes to protecting individuals from the effects of an
uncontrollable online identity, especially children. For starters, when it
comes to ownership, it does not make sense when the subject is not the one who
created the content. That means that they cannot influence the removal of
content about them that has been published by someone else.
During the early years of children, their online identities
are shaped and influenced by others, of course, in most cases by their parents.
While that may seem like a good idea in general, that also means that quite a
lot of information about them is given out to the public, without them
understanding anything about it, or having the understanding of giving consent.
Next to that, the data can be aggregated. Even if the kids
do use some online services, there are probably going to be some decisions that
that will be made without their control, and in many situations, without their
knowledge as well, due to all kinds of algorithms that were created to
influence the decisions subconsciously, especially for those without experience
or knowledge.
Try imagining that the child of the modern world doesn’t
make any kind of digital footprint on the internet. Imagine that neither the
child or the parent has any experience or knowledge of using the internet.
Institutions can still use data of those who share some similarities, such as
going to the same school, having the same zip code, or other information that
certain institutions will have, even without the internet. To make things clearer,
what we are trying to say, is that even if the child today didn’t make their
mark on the internet, the online presence of a similar child is going to influence
the life of a child without any online exposure.
Children’s fundamental rights could be under fear reaching
consequences of the data collection practice. The Convention on Rights of the
Child, the treaty of human rights, protects children as individuals, however,
the modern technology does raise some new questions. For starters, will
children self-censor themselves while online due to the fact that they are not
aware how their data is going to be used? How limited is access to information
when all social media platforms use some sort of algorithms to display targeted
and personalized content? One thing is for sure, and that is that we don’t know
what kind of consequences do widespread data collections have on the future
generations.
In order to protect children’s rights, a new data protection
framework needs to be created, one that asks how the data is used, and not who
owns that data. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA)
already made some provisions in place, as operators of websites and online
services are required to obtain the parents’ explicit consent prior collecting
any kind of personal information from children that are under thirteen years
old. Children, or their parents, own their personal information, and they can decide
if they would like to share it with third parties.
COPPA also tried to control how the internet providers
advertise to children. For example, a website operator is not able to ask a
child to share personal information in order to play a game. Of course, even
with the parents’ consent, there are still companies that end up collecting and
sharing their information, as well as their children’s’, which makes the
concept of data ownership a by insufficient when it comes to protecting
children’s privacy rights.
The way data is collected and used should be limited. The
framework of a new bill, the Data Care Act, which has been introduced by the US
senator Brian Schatz, should be applied to all stakeholders that are relevant.
Those who do not comply, should result in sanctions or other consequences that
are actionable.
The past generations did not have to worry about having a
digital record of their part, and the current generation, as well as the ones
that will come, will be responsible for their online personalities. The
question of our time is how the current regulations respond to this change, and
how can we have an impact on it.
Share This Post
Recent Posts
Protecting Our Kids’ Privacy and Data
British Airways face a fine of £183m making it a new record
Cybersecurity Is Improving According Fewer Cyber Threats Last Year
The Importance Of Cyber Security In The Modern World
Investing Into Additional Online Security Can Save You From Economic Demise
Categories
Cyber Attacks
Cybersecurity
Online Security
Privacy
SIM
VPN
Login
Forgot your password?
Remember Me
Lost Password
Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Already have an account? Login instead