http://www.360degreefeedback.net/cookie_policy
Toggle navigation
Validated Assessments
Executives
Executive View 360
Development View 360
Leaders
Leader View 360
Transformational Leadership View 360
Managers
Manager View 360
Individual Contributors
Performance View 360
Teams
Team View 360
Emotional Intelligence
Emotional IntelligenceView 360
Sales Professionals
Sales View 360
Sales Managers
Sales Manager View 360
Custom 360 Feedback
Competency Model Design
Services
Project administration
Competency Model Design
360 degree feedback certification
Success Stories
Get Started
Get Started
We use cookies to give you a better experience. By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details, please read our cookie policy
Cookie Policy
This website, along with most other major websites, uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser).
Index
What are cookies?
The types of cookies we use
How to control and delete cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer or device when you visit a website. These are designed to help the site remember information about you and your preferences.
How do we use them?
We use cookies to collect anonymous information that help us understand visitors’ browsing habits on our website and website activity. This information helps us to improve our products, services and allow us to provide a customised user experience on the website.
Note: None of the cookies used on our website collect personally identifiable information about you.
The types of cookies we use
Session Cookies
These are stored in your device's memory for the length of your browsing session. They become inaccessible after the session has been inactive for a time and are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.
Persistent Cookies
These are stored in your device’s memory until they expire or are deleted. These cookies are used to collect statistical information, how visitors use our website and their preferences.
Third-party cookies
Envisia Learning works with selected companies to provide additional content and services, for example Google Analytics. These companies may also set cookies on our behalf.
Sharing with social networks
Social media channels (such as: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube amongst others) may set a cookie on your device when you use the sharing buttons on our website.
A full list of the cookies that we use can be found in the table below.
Cookies we use
Name
Expiration
Purpose
Google Analytics
_ga_gat_gid_utmc
2 years Session10minutesEnd of your session
These are used to collect information about how visitors use our website and to track website performance, which we use to help us improve your experience.
Session Cookie
_envisia_learning_session
End of your session
Used to identify your session on our server so we can securely store information about your location and language while browsing our site.
Persistant Cookie
Cookies_accepted
3 years
Upon your first access to our website, a banner will appear, asking you to give us your consent to the setting of cookies. Once you click on “accept”, we will place a cookie on your computer and the banner will not appear again as long as the cookie is active.
The banner will reappear after 3 years, or upon your next visit to our website if you actively delete the cookie.
Use of contact forms
You can contact us by using the contact forms available on our website. Our forms require the following information:
First name, Last Name
Company Name
Contact Data (e.g. e-mail address and phone number)
Message
We will ask if you have read and accept our privacy policy and whether you would like to receive the latest news about our products and services.
We collect, process and use the information provided by you exclusively for the processing of your specific request.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of other websites you visit.
How to control and delete cookies
You can manage whether to restrict or block cookies through your web browser. The 'Help' function within your browser should tell you how to do so. Alternatively, you can find out more information about cookies and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet on the following websites:
www.allaboutcookies.org – a comprehensive site sharing information about cookies and how to manage them.
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ - On this website you'll find information about how behavioural advertising works.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout -To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies - This information has been written by the UK’s independent authority set up to uphold information rights in the public interest.
Please note that if you decide to block all cookies, your online experience will not be personalised.
You may also want to read our privacy policy, which governs how and when we use your personal data.