https://www.contourdesign.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY (updated 5/19/2016)Thank you for visiting ergo.contourdesign.com (our “Website”), which is owned and operated by Contour Design, Inc. and its affiliated companies (collectively “Contour”).This privacy policy explains Contour’s information and data processing practices, as well as the choices you can make about the way your personal information or personally identifiable information (“PII”) is collected on our social media platforms and via our Website, as well as the manner in which Contour will use your information.By submitting your PII to Contour, you are agreeing that Contour may collect, store, use, disclose and destroy it in accordance with this policy. In this policy, we refer to the companies in our corporate group as “Contour “, “we”, or “us”. We value every customer, employee and want you to trust our business and privacy practices. If you have any questions about the content of this policy, we encourage you to contact us as outlined below.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOUFor purposes of this policy “personal information” / “personally identifiable information” / “PII” means any information by which you can be identified, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing and account information, credit or debit card information, IP addresses, and other information incidental to providing goods or services.We collect PII from you during your visit to our Website and when you voluntarily provide us with information. Some examples of the manner in which we collect your PII include when you place an order through our Website, register your Contour product after purchase, register an online account on the Website, visit a specific section of the Website, enter a contest, take a survey, contact us with a comment or question, sign up online to receive emails or marketing communication about our Contour products, and our services. Some of these methods of data collection are further outlined below.A. WEBSITE REGISTRATIONTo register on our Website, you must complete the registration process by providing PII, such as your name, email, as well as information relating to what you would like to receive from us. You have the right to unsubscribe at any time and the manner in which this can be done is explained further once you have accessed your account.B. SHOPPING WITH CONTOURIf you make a purchase from Contour, we obtain PII from you relating to the order. The PII collected by Contour varies depending on the manner of your purchase, but it will generally include your billing, shipping and payment information. In addition to using this PII to fulfil your order, we also retain order information to better serve you on future purchases. Should you opt in to receive marketing communication from us we may also use this PII to contact you in connection with other Contour products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. Again, you may unsubscribe from marketing communication at any time. If you receive your marketing by email, each email will have a single click unsubscribe button at the bottom.C. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONSIf you choose to sign up for email communications while browsing the Website you must submit certain basic information during the registration process, this will include your name and email address. This PII is used to send you email marketing communications and to ensure that we can provide you with appropriate customer care and respond to your inquiries.D. SURVEYSYou may be given the opportunity to provide feedback regarding various Contour products or you may be given opportunities to rate Contour products and to publicly ask and answer questions pertaining to Contour products when visiting certain portions of the Website or through the email you have given Contour. In order to fully participate in the surveys, you will be asked to provide your name and email address if requested, as well as a created online username which will be publicly linked to your product ratings, questions, answers and other comments. Contour retains this additional PII, if provided, and uses it to help us better understand and respond to the collective feedback we receive. We may also invite you to participate in a survey or poll such as providing feedback on our Website site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey or poll.For any PII that we collect, Contour becomes the owner and data controller of that information.F. IP ADDRESSContour Design uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.G. COOKIES AND WEB TRACKING TECHNIQUESWe use “cookies” on our Website to help us analyze web traffic and evaluate and improve the content or functions of our Website. Cookies are used in some areas of the Contour site to enable the functionality of the website. A cookie is a small text file which is sent by a website, accepted by a web browser and then placed onto your computer’s hard drive. The information collected from these cookies lets us know that you visited our site in the past, and helps you avoid having to re-enter information on each visit in order to use some of our online functionality. Cookies also help us analyze use of our site, and better aggregate useful information when site users provide feedback about our site or products. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from our Website. This will provide you with more control over the acceptance of cookies on your hard drive. However, it is possible that some portions of the Website will not function properly or may perform more slowly if you choose to reject cookies. By using our Website and not disabling cookies, you consent to allowing their use for the described purposes. We may also collect information about your method of access such as your operating system and the type of browser that you use. We may use access method information along with information about site searches you run to serve you personalized content using third party vendors.We use third party advertising companies to serve advertisements on other sites you may visit. To accomplish this, these companies may employ anonymous cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness and understand your visits to our Website and other web sites. These selected companies also provide this information to us which we use for marketing purposes.CONTOUR’S USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe use PII collected from you the following purposes:for the specific purpose for which it was provided by you;to improve the content, appearance and utility of our website or stores;to understand your needs and preferences in relation to Contour;to access third party gateway to process credit card orders placed with Contour;to develop, market, sell or provide products and services;to conduct surveys, research and evaluations;to manage and develop our business and operations, administer accounts, and collect and process payments;to detect and protect us and other third parties against negligence, fraud, theft and other illegal activities;as permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements, process or provisions; andWe may combine information you provide to us from multiple sources and with information from third parties including demographic or public information.CONTOUR’S SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may share your PII with our subsidiaries or affiliated companies, including those located in other countries. We also may share your PII with selected third parties who provide services to us, serve Website content, help to maintain our customer database, administer emails, surveys, or contests and administer. Such third parties may have access to, store and process your PII to provide services on our behalf, which may occur in the United States or in countries outside of the United States. Our service providers are not authorized to use your PII for any purpose other than to provide the services that Contour has contracted from them. We also must always reserve the right to disclose PII about you as required by law, in response to legal process including law enforcement requests, and where needed to protect the safety, property, or legal rights of the Company or its affiliates or third parties.Occasionally we may provide a link to a third party website, which is not owned or operated by Contour. If you elect to provide your PII on that third party website, this information will be subject to that third party website’s privacy policy and security practices. We are not responsible or liable for any content presented by or contained on any independent website, including, but not limited to, any advertising claims, marketing practices. We also are not responsible or liable for any privacy or security policies of these third party sites.Your Personal Information may be disclosed or revealed to third party vendors, such as the third party gateway which processes credit card orders placed with Contour. Contour will attempt to ensure that these entities do not use your Personal Information for any other purpose, and that they maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the Personal Information they obtain from orders placed with Contour.Contour processes orders for products through third party gateways which operate secure data networks protected by industry-standard firewalls. Accounts for users include password protection systems. Contour’ security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced, as necessary.In the unlikely event that Contour or substantially all of its assets are acquired by another company, or due to any merger, reorganization or liquidation, your PII may be one of the transferred assets, however it will remain subject to any pre-existing privacy policy unless you consent otherwise.Contour never sells any PII that you provide to us for use by any third party. However, from time to time, we may provide aggregate (statistical) anonymized information about our customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties who help us improve our business and services. These statistics do not include PII.PROMOTIONS AND THIRD PARTIESFrom time to time, Contour may run promotions offering special deals, coupons, discounts, chances to win contests, and other prizes. These promotions may necessitate the involvement of third parties. In order to participate in these promotions, Contour may require certain basic information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, and age. This and other required information may be stored by Contour in order to help us better understand how we can design and market our products for you and others. This information may also be shared with third-party promotional partners involved in the specific promotion for which you signed-up. Unless otherwise stated in the terms and conditions of the promotion, your participation is not an automatic opt-in to receive marketing materials from Contour.YOUR INFORMATION — YOUR RIGHTSA. RIGHT TO UNSUBSCRIBEYou have the right to unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from Contour, as well as the right to unsubscribe from any of the programs that we offer. You can unsubscribe by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any Contour email that you receive, or by emailing us at with your request or clicking herePlease note that if you already have requested products or services when you decide to withdraw consent, there may be a short period of time for us to update your preferences and ensure that we honor your request.B. UPDATE, MODIFY OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATIONThe accuracy, integrity and security of your PII is very important and Contour takes reasonable steps to ensure that these priorities are addressed. We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your PII if it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about you is inaccurate. Consistent with legal requirements and limitations, Contour also permits you to obtain a copy of PII that we hold about you. To do so, please use the contact information in the Questions or Concerns section of this privacy policy.Please note that we will likely require additional information from you in order to honor your request, such as to ensure proper authentication or to verify the business branch of Contour to which the information was provided.C. SAFEGUARDING YOUR INFORMATIONAlthough Contour uses reasonable efforts to maintain the privacy of your PII, due to technological limitations, and the risk of unlawful interceptions and accessing of transmissions and/or data, Contour cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your PII, and any other electronically communicated information, will be maintained as confidential. As used in these terms, PII means any information that may be used to identify an individual or entity, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home, business or other physical address or telephone number and an e-mail address or other contact information, whether at work, at home, or otherwise.QUESTIONS OR CONCERNSAs stated above, we welcome your queries concerning the protection and correction of your personal data. If you have any questions or concerns about any of Contour’s practices in respect of PII please do contact us at:Email: contourweb@contourdesign.comWhen contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your a correct contact information in order to be sure we handle your request correctly.Following any incidence of communication from you to Contour some of your PII may be retained for a period of time for financial, legal or technical reasons.OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACYThis Website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Contour adheres to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and we do not knowingly register or otherwise collect personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of the child’s parent or guardian.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThe Company reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this privacy policy will be considered your consent to those changes. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.
×
×Cart
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience on our website. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information will not be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.OkNoPrivacy policy