https://www.nipo.com/nipo-com-privacy
SolutionsOnline: Nfield OnlineFace-to-face: Nfield CAPITelephone: NFS CATIServicesAll ServicesTraining and CertificationSuccess storiesPricingAbout usCompanyPeopleCareersPartnersContactNewsBlog
Press 'Enter' to display all search results.
Login Demo Get a Live Demo
SolutionsOnline: Nfield OnlineFace-to-face: Nfield CAPITelephone: NFS CATIServicesAll ServicesTraining and CertificationSuccess storiesPricingAbout usCompanyPeopleCareersPartnersContactNewsBlog Login Get a live demoLast updated on 4 May 2020How we collect, store and use the personal information you provide when using this websiteThis privacy policy applies only to the website pages located at https://www.nipo.com, it does not apply to any other products or services provided by us or any other party.Please note that this privacy policy does NOT apply to respondents who have completed or are about to complete a market research survey through one of our products. For the privacy policy relevant to such surveys, you should contact the market research company that has asked you to complete one.This privacy policy explains how we collect, store and use the personal information you provide when using this website. In this policy we often refer to ‘personal data’, by this we mean any information which relates to and can be used to identify a natural (living) person, and/or a specific household, if you are located in California.At NIPO we find the confidentiality and integrity of your data very important. That is why NIPO complies with California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and is certified for the ISO 27001:2013 data security standard.Data we collect from nipo.com websiteWhen and What Personal Information do we collect?We collect your personal data when you submit a form through our website. This can be a request for more information, a job application form, a subscription to our newsletter etc. In such cases, NIPO might collect and hold details of your name, address, email, telephone number, company, and/or any other personal information disclosed by you. When subscribing to our services or filling in a contact form on our website, you are always required to agree and accept that we may gather, process, use and store the personal data submitted, in accordance with the rules set forth below; your personal data is thus processed based on your consent.In some cases we might be collecting details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, and other communication data, whether this is required for security reasons or for other legitimate interest reasons like carrying out our business, including to grow and improve our Services.Like many websites, we use cookies to store and then retrieve small bits of information on your computer when you visit. This information is used to make this site work as you expect it to. For more information on our use of cookies on this website, please refer to our cookies policy.What do we do with your personal data?The purpose for collecting your personal data is to follow up on your requests and provide you information about our productsand services. Such information may include product offers, features launches, invites to seminars, exhibitions or NIPO Software workshops, newsletters, articles, industry analysis as well as general responses to any other information which you may have requested.In addition to the above, we may occasionally contact you to notify you about new information or services which we think you may find interesting or valuable. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each email communication, sending us an email or by giving us a call.If you have applied for a job at NIPO, we will use your personal information only after your consent, and for the purpose of giving course to the selection procedure. If we believe that you may be a suitable candidate for a current or future opening, we may contact you by phone, email or any other means provided by you, to discuss your interest in working at NIPO and/or to invite you to a job interview. In some cases, we may, after your approval, keep your personal data to consider your candidacy for a future position. In such cases, data is never stored for longer than how is provided by this policy. We do not sell personal data.With whom do we share your information?You can be assured that we really care about protecting your privacy. We will not make your personal information available to anyone without your agreement, unless we use a third-party service provider for the processing of your data, for the purposes specified in this policy. These third-party processors might provide services on our behalf to support us in our business activities.These third parties may store, transfer, or process your personal data on our behalf, but they are contractually bound to respect your privacy and protect your personal information with security standards and practices that are equivalent to our own. Your personally identifiable information might be transferred if NIPO is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets.Where the personal information you provided to us is transferred across borders or outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we shall put safeguards in place to ensure that the transfer is secure, legitimate and in accordance with all EU data protection laws.We reserve the right to disclose your personal data in the rare but possible circumstance that the information is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders or for similar legal or regulatory requirements.What you may expect from us regarding your dataYour data is up to date and accurateWe take all reasonable steps to keep personal information in our possession or control, which is used on an on-going basis, accurate, complete, current, and relevant, based on the most recent information made available to us by you. We rely on you to help us keep your personal information accurate, complete, and current by answering our questions honestly and you are responsible for ensuring that we are notified of any changes to your personal data.We store data no longer than necessaryPersonal information will be retained only for such period as is appropriate for its intended and lawful use. The personal information we collect from prospect clients shall be retained for no longer than 18 months. After the expiration of such period of time, if our relation has not followed up, the data will be securely deleted.Personal data collected in the job opportunity section of our site shall only be retained until the end of the recruitment process; following the end of the recruitment process, the data shall be deleted unless you have agreed for us to keep your data for future recruitment purposes, in which case it shall be stored for no longer than 1 year. Personal information that is no longer required will be disposed of in ways that ensure their confidential nature is not compromised.As part of the Company Business Continuity plan, and as required by ISO 27001:2013, and in certain instances by the law, our electronic systems are backed up and archived. These archives are retained for a defined period of time in a strictly controlled environment. Once expired, the data is deleted, and the physical media is destroyed to ensure the data is erased completely.Your data is safeAny personal data you provide to us will be treated with care and respect. Our ISO 27001:2013 certification is always up to date, and guarantees you that we take appropriate technological and organizational measures to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We follow generally accepted industry standards used to protect personal information.All of our employees are contractually obliged to follow our policies and procedures regarding confidentiality, security, and privacy.You have rightsAccording to data protection laws, and in particular GDPR and CCPA, you have the right to withdraw your consent, to access, rectify, erase or port your personal information from our systems, to restrict processing and to object to processing of your personal data, unless we have legitimate interest reasons for continuing to process it.Please notify us by email to info@nipo.com if you:do not want your personal data to be used in a manner described before (we will be grateful if you set your specific objections to any use);want to change your mind and withdraw your consent to the use of your data;want to access the personal data we hold about you;want to change or delete inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant data;want to exercise your right to data portability;want to restrict the processing of your personal data;want to object to the processing of your personal data;want to contact our Data Protection Officer.We will endeavor to respond to your request within 30 days from receiving it. This period may be extended, in which case we will explain why we cannot respond within the given timeframe. Also, in some limited cases we might find impossible to honor your request for information, in which case we will also explain why.Complaints & Country Specific DisclosuresIf you have any complaints about how we use your personal data and these cannot be resolved with us directly, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority. This can be the data protection authority in your country of residence, however, the lead Data Protection Authority for us will be the Dutch Data Protection Authority (“Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens”) because our establishment is in the Netherlands. NIPO will always work and cooperate with the authorities and comply with their decisions. Notification of Material ChangesWe keep our privacy policy under regular review, and it may be amended from time to time. We will always have the most up-to-date policy on this web page. We will record when the policy was last revised. If there are changes in how we use your personal data, we will notify you of these changes by sending you an email.Get in touch+31 (0) 20 5225 989info@nipo.comNIPO News updateGet notified when we publish new handy tips and important news about NfieldE-mail* EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© 2020 NIPO | Privacy | Cookie disclosure | Sitemap