http://www.viart.com/privacy
Navigation Bar
Home Page
My Account
Help
Questions? Ask us!
Manuals
Forum
FAQ
About
About Us
Privacy Policy
Reseller Program
Affiliates Program
Customer Service
Features List
Live Demo
Live Sites
30-Day Money Back
What our clients say
Integrated Partners
Products
Viart Shop
Viart CMS
Viart Helpdesk
Viart FREE
Upgrade Version
Extend License Time
Design Layouts
Services
Custom Work
Upgrade Service
Premium Hosting
Standard Hosting
SSL Certificate
Viart Installation
Web Design
FREE Trial
Your Bag 0
Your shopping cart is empty!
USD
American Dollar
British Pound
Euro
Menu
Home
Products
Download
Live Demo
Forum
About Us
Support
Manuals
Affiliates
Our site www.viart.com site is operated by latest Viart Shop 5 with default Clear design
ViArt LLC Privacy Policy
Data Protection
Collection & Use Of Information
Protection Of Customer Information
"COOKIES"
Disclosure Of Information
Your Consent
Privacy Policy Contact
Data Protection
ViArt LLC are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience.
Collection & Use Of Information
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and start, expiry or issue date. This allows us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of your order status.
We also ask for your telephone number which enables us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order.
When you enter a competition or promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the web site, new services and special offers we think you'll find useful. If you would rather not receive this information, please send an email to support@viart.com
We do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).
Protection Of Customer Information
When you place orders or access your order information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Furthermore, as required by the Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
"COOKIES"
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable us to store items in your shopping basket between visits.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still enjoy our site, but certain of the advanced features designed to enhance your visit will not be available to you.
For a full technical explanation of cookies, see Netscape's cookie specification at:
http://www.netscape.com/newsref/std/cookie_spec.html
Disclosure Of Information
ViArt LLC does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
ViArt LLC may also provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no information that will identify individuals.
Where there is sufficient evidence to suggest that fraud is being perpetuated, we reserve the right to pass data to other businesses, fraud databases and relevant authorities.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by ViArt LLC. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Privacy Policy Contact
If you have any queries with regard to our privacy policy, you may contact us at privacy@viart.com
Menu
Menu
About Us
Affiliates program
Reseller program
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Money Back Guarantee
What our clients say
Integrated Partners
Hosting Service
www.viart.com owned and operated by Viart LLC
Las Vegas, NV 89130, 7260 W. Azure Dr. #140, Ste 2115
Review our privacy policy, terms and conditions, site map.
© Copyright 2003-2020, ViArt LLC, all rights reserved.