http://www.utimaco.com/cookie-policy/
English Deutsch
SupportContact
Toggle navigation
HomeCompany†About usManagementInvestorsBusiness EthicsOffices and PartnersMemberships and CertificationsEngagement in ResearchCareerProducts
Cookie-Policy1. What are cookies?We use cookies on our website. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user's computer system. If a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. A cookie contains a characteristic string of characters that enables a unique identification of the browser when the website is called up again.†2. What types of cookies are there?Cookies can be distinguished according to their purpose, their storage duration or their provider.On the one hand, there are so-called necessary-cookies. These are absolutely necessary for the functions of the website and without these cookies certain services cannot be offered on the website. On the other hand, there are non-necessary-cookies that give their users valuable information about user behaviour and website visits. These cookies, also known as analysis-cookies, may serve various purposes, such as marketing or the compilation of statistics.4The storage time of cookies can vary greatly. Temporary-cookies are limited to one session (so-called "session-cookies") and make sure a website can be used without interruption during a session. During this time, a session-ID is assigned to the user and stored by these cookies. This ID can also be used for internal reports, but it is not possible to identify the user. After closing the browser, these cookies expire. By contrast, permanent-cookies are stored on the user's computer for a longer period of time. These cookies enable analysis of user behaviour on the website or display the website with stored personalized content. You can see the exact storage period of the individual cookies in the table below.Finally, there are so-called first-party-cookies and third-party cookies. The latter originate from other providers than the operator of the website.†3. Which cookies do we use and what for?We use necessary-cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change. In this way, technical data or the information necessary for the correct functioning of individual offers can be stored temporarily on the user's computer. Without these cookies, some functions of our website cannot be offered. This is also our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.The following data is stored and transmitted in the necessary-cookies:Language settings.Login information (user name, password, browser type and IP address so that we recognize the user on future visits).Remembering search terms.In addition, we use non-necessary-cookies on our website, which enable an analysis of the user's surfing behavior. The analysis-cookies are used to improve the quality of our website and its content. Through the analysis-cookies we learn how the website is used and can thus continuously optimize our offer. This is also our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This includes in particular:Collecting data from numerous customer visits and analysing this data as a whole. This is intended to identify certain general trends on the basis of visits to our website and is not intended to analyse data on individual customers.Personalization: We want to optimize our website for the next visit of the user. Also, we would like to display information and advertising that is tailored to the respective interests of the users. Our goal is to provide users with what they are looking for as easily and quickly as possible.The following data is stored and transmitted in the non-essential cookies:Entered search terms.Frequency of page views, number of users who visit the site, individual pages of the site that are viewed, click rate of the site and the total time spent on the site.Initial page from which the user came to our website.Data about whether the user has previously visited our website or whether he or she is a new visitor.Use of website functions (e.g. initiating a download).The user data collected in this way is pseudonymised by technical precautions. It is therefore no longer possible to assign the data to the calling user.When you visit our website, an information banner informs you about the use of cookies and refers you to this cookie policy and our privacy policy. The user can either prevent the use of cookies via his browser settings, or he declares his consent to the further use of cookies by clicking on the "Agreed" button.We use the following cookies:†Cookie #1Cookie name: cookie-acceptFunction: We use this cookie to prevent our cookie banner from being displayed again each time you visit a new page on our website. This cookie does not contain any personal information and is merely for the purpose of not constantly disturbing you with a cookie-"warning".Expires: 2 yearsType of cookie: First-Party-Cookie†Cookie #2Cookie name: _gaFunction: In order for Google Analytics to determine that two different views belong to the same user, each view must send a unique identifier associated with that particular user. The analytics.js library achieves this via the so-called client ID, a unique, randomly generated character string that is stored in the browser's cookies so that subsequent visits to the same website can be linked to the same user. By default, analytics.js uses a single first-party cookie called _ga to store the client ID.Expires: 2 yearsType of cookie: First-Party-Cookie (Google Analytics)†Cookie #3Cookie name: ga-disable-UA-XXXXXX-YFunction: This cookie is used to check whether the user has logged out of Google Analytics (opt-out cookie).Expires: Without expiration date or until the cookie is deletedType of cookie: Third-Party-Cookie (Google Analytics)†Cookie #4Cookie name: _gatFunction: This cookie is set to limit the amount of traffic sent between your browser and Google Analytics' servers. We use Google Analytics to analyze the traffic on our website and improve your experience. Google Analytics helps us determine which pages are the most popular and how our visitors navigate the site so that we can optimize navigation and the like.Expires: 10 MinutesType of cookie: Third-Party-Cookie (Google Analytics)†Cookie #5Cookie name: typo3_fe_userFunction: This cookie is used in the "My Utimaco" area to facilitate login to the portal. This allows you to navigate to another page and return to the portal later without losing information or having to log in again. The cookie contains an identification key that refers to our system running in the background, in which your login data is stored. The cookie itself does not contain any personal information.Expires: During SessionType of cookie: First-Party-Cookie†4. How can I change my cookie settings?You can manage the use of cookies via your browser settings. You can deactivate or restrict the use of cookies and delete existing cookies.For Internet Explorer:Click on the "Tools" icon in your browser and then on "Internet options". Under the heading "Privacy" you can set the slider to the desired data protection level. Under the heading "General" and there "Browsing history" you can delete the history and therefore also cookies.For Google Chrome:In your browser, click on "Customize and Control Google Chrome" (marked by three dots above each other) and then on "Settings" and "Advanced". Under the heading "Privacy and security" you can block and delete cookies under "Content settings" and there under "Cookies". You can delete cookies within a certain period of time under "Privacy and securityî and there "Clear browsing data".For Firefox:Click on the button ∫† (Open menu) in your browser and then on "Options". Under "Privacy & Security" you can deactivate and delete cookies under "Cookies and Site Data" and set their storage duration.If you are using a web browser not listed above, see your browser documentation or online help for more information.†5. What is the legal basis for the use of cookies?Legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.Legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for analytical purposes is the users consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.†6. What rights do you have as a visitor to the website?As a user, you have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser.If you have given your consent to the use of cookies, you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.If we process your data on the basis of our legitimate interest in data processing, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation. We will then no longer process your data unless we can prove compelling reasons for processing that outweigh your interests.You can find more information on data protection in our general data protection notice.†7. How can you contact us?If you have any questions regarding the use of cookies on our website or the assertion of rights, please feel free to contact us at any time using the following contact details:Utimaco GmbH - Data Protection Officer ñ Germanusstraﬂe 4 52080 Aachen Germany Phone: +49 241 16960 E-Mail: dataprotection-NOSPAM-utimaco.comFurther information on data protection can be found in our general data protection notice.