http://www.dataapples.com/privacy.php
Login
Register
View Cart
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Campaign Studio
SAToolz
Pricing
Store
Browse All
-----
Product Trials
Campaign Studio
Announcements
Knowledgebase
Contact Us
Account
Login
Register
Forgot Password?
Privacy Policy
Campaign Studio & SAToolz Satellite Finder by
Privacy Policy
What this policy covers
Data Apples Corporation ("Data Apples") respects and values your privacy. That's why Data Apples has established this Privacy Policy (referred to as the "Privacy Policy" herein) - so that Data Apples can disclose what information Data Apples collects about you and how Data Apples use, store and disclose such information. Data Apples want to help you make an informed decision about whether or not to share your information with Data Apples.
How does Data Apples collect information from you?
What information does Data Apples collect?
What information does Data Apples collect if you're under the age of 13?
How does Data Apples use and store the information it collects?
Where is your Personal Information stored?
How does Data Apples disclose the Personal Information it collects?
Does Data Apples use cookies and web beacons?
Information and access to your Personal Information
What if you have questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy?
Data Apples reserves the right to revise, modify, add or remove provisions to this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that Data Apples do so, Data Apples will notify you in accordance with the notice provisions of Data Apples' Terms of Service. Take note of the 'Last Updated' date listed at the foot of this Privacy Policy. If Data Apples make changes to this Privacy Policy, Data Apples will update that date to notify you of the date of such changes. By continuing to use www.dataapples.com ("the Website") after receiving notice of the updated Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the revised Privacy Policy.
Capitalised terms in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to such terms in Data Apples' Terms of Service.
How does Data Apples collect information from you?
Data Apples collects information from you when you send it to Data Apples directly by filling out forms on Data Apples' Website (including any application you may make for Services or the Software), corresponding with Data Apples by e-mail, writing to Data Apples by post, or speaking to Data Apples by telephone. Data Apples also collect information from you when you browse the Website and use the Software, as set out in detail below. Some of the methods Data Apples use to collect data are automated and will take effect automatically as you navigate the Website and/or use the Software.
What information does Data Apples collect?
Personal Information.
Personal information means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person ("Personal Information").
Data Apples may collect the following Personal Information from you: name, address, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address, IP address, information about the type of browser you use, your operating system, the screen resolution of your browser, your ISP, which pages you view on the Website and the time and duration of your visits to the Website, credit card number (in the case of direct customers) and, if applicable, company name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number or tax ID number as well as similar information concerning technical contacts, marketing contacts, and executive contacts within your company or organisation.
User Communications.
If you communicate with Data Apples, Data Apples may collect information relating to that communication whether it takes the form of e-mail, letter, forum posting, testimonials or any other form of communication between you and Data Apples or submitted by you to the Website (collectively, "User Communications").
Server Information.
If you use one of Data Apples' software products such as Data Apples' proprietary Web Hosting, Billing and Automation Solution, Data Apples may collect certain information concerning such software and concerning the server upon which the software operates. This information includes without limitation: (a) the licensed or unlicensed status of the software; (b) the source from which the license for the software was obtained (i.e., Data Apples or a Data Apples affiliate); or (c) information about the server upon which the software is installed including (i) the public IP address, (ii) the operating system and (iii) the use of any virtualization technologies on such server ((a) through (c) collectively, "Server Information")). Additionally, "Server Information" may also include information collected by Data Apples from time to time concerning which features of the software are most often used in order to improve and make adjustments to the software; and information collected from you by Data Apples in the event that you request technical support services including without limitation, IP addresses, usernames and passwords necessary to login to SSH, the root directory of the server upon which you installed the Data Apples software and any affected accounts including email accounts, MySQL accounts and other accounts.
Non-Personal Information.
Data Apples also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. Data Apples may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
What information does Data Apples collect if you're under the age of 13?
Data Apples does not knowingly collect Personal Information about children under the age of 13. If Data Apples becomes aware that it has inadvertently collected Personal Information about children under the age of 13, it will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible, except where Data Apples is required by applicable law to keep it.
Where Data Apples knows a child is above the age of 13, but considered a minor under applicable law, Data Apples will obtain parental/guardian consent prior to using that child's Personal Information.
How does Data Apples use and store the information it collects?
As a general matter, Data Apples may use the Personal Information you disclose to Data Apples to improve and provide the Website, the Services and Data Apples' other products and services, and for the specific purpose that you gave Data Apples your Personal Information. More specific details on how Data Apples use your information follows below.
Data Apples may use Personal Information to create and authenticate your account, to process transactions you request such as software license purchases in order to perform any contract you have entered into with Data Apples, to provide you with customer and technical support and to communicate with you about your account and Data Apples' products and services.
The Personal Information you provide to Data Apples allows Data Apples to provide you with the newsletters and mailing lists that you have signed up for with Data Apples. If you do not want to be on Data Apples' mailing list, you can opt out at any time by changing your settings in your 'My Details' page within the client area.
Data Apples may also use Personal Information to offer, market or advertise to you Data Apples products and services. While such Data Apples products and services may reference, incorporate or include third-party products and services, Data Apples will not use your Personal Information to independently offer, market or advertise third-party products and services unless Data Apples first obtain your consent to do so.
From time to time, Data Apples may use your Personal Information to send important notices, such as important product updates and communications about purchases as well as changes to Data Apples' terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important for your interaction with Data Apples you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
Data Apples may also use your Personal Information for any other legal purpose stated in this Privacy Policy, and any other purpose for which you have given Data Apples express consent.
Where you consent to Data Apples doing so, Data Apples may use your Personal Information to send you direct marketing communications. Should you ever choose to 'opt out' of receiving such communications Data Apples may retain your Personal Information on file to ensure that Data Apples do not continue to target you with communications of the type that you have asked Data Apples to cease sending to you.
Data Apples limits the use of Personal Information to the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy and for which you have provided explicit consent. In accordance with established policies and procedures, Data Apples retains Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the stated purposes, unless it is required by law for a different period or Data Apples has the consent of the individual.
In accordance with established policies and procedures, Data Apples will periodically destroy or erase any Personal Information that is no longer needed.
Data Apples may use User Communications in the same way as Data Apples uses Personal Information. If you communicate with Data Apples for a particular purpose, Data Apples may use your User Communications for that purpose. For example, if you contact Data Apples for technical support, Data Apples may use your communications to provide technical support to you.
Data Apples may use Server Information to provide you with technical support services and to maintain, evaluate, improve and provide Data Apples products and services. Data Apples may also use such information to investigate unlicensed (and therefore unauthorized) uses of Data Apples' software.
Where is your Personal Information stored?
DATA APPLES IS A GLOBAL COMPANY AND YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL NOT NECESSARILY BE HELD IN THE FARIBAULT, MINNESOTA, UNITED STATES AREA. YOUR PERONAL DATA MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO AND STORED AT OUR UNITED STATES OFFICE AND ASSOCIATED DATACENTERS AND BY ACCEPTING OUR TERMS OF SERVICE AND/OR A SOFTWARE EULA, YOU ARE EXPLICITLY CONSENTING TO THIS TRANSFER AND STORAGE TAKING PLACE. WE WILL TAKE ALL STEPS REASONABLY NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS TREATED SECURELY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
How does Data Apples disclose the Personal Information it collects?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, Data Apples does not share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties other than as set out in this Privacy Policy. Data Apples will never disclose your Personal Information to an unaffiliated third party for the purposes of e-mail or other marketing unless Data Apples first obtain your consent to do so.
Data Apples cannot be responsible for protecting your Personal Information if you share such information in publicly available sections of the Website such as the user forums or testimonials section. You should use your own judgment in disclosing this information on the Website.
In the event that Data Apples is purchased by another company, merges with another company or has a substantial portion of its assets purchased by another company, Data Apples may share your Personal Information with that company. In such an event, Data Apples will notify you in accordance with the notice provisions of the Terms of Use.
Data Apples may share your Personal Information with third parties as permitted or required by applicable law, by a court order or by another judicial or governmental request. Data Apples may also disclose your Personal Information if Data Apples determine that such disclosure is necessary to protect Data Apples's rights and remedies or is necessary for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance. Such disclosures could take place in the context of an investigation or to prevent or take action against illegal activity, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Data Apples's Terms of Service, applicable EULAs or other Data Apples agreements, or as otherwise required by applicable law. Where this is the case Data Apples will endeavour to give you notice of such disclosures, to the extent that Data Apples are lawfully permitted to do so.
Data Apples may disclose your Personal Information to affiliated third parties that assist Data Apples in providing maintaining, evaluating, improving and providing the Website, the Services and any other Data Apples products and services. Data Apples may disclose your Personal Information to affiliated third parties for the purposes of offering, marketing or advertising Data Apples products and services to you (such Data Apples products and services may reference, incorporate or include third-party products and services). In such an event, Data Apples will take reasonable measures to prevent such affiliated third parties from using your Personal Information for other purposes.
Does Data Apples use cookies and web beacons?
Cookies
Yes, Data Apples uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Website and to improve your overall experience. When you use the Website, certain information may be stored locally on your device using 'cookies' or similar technologies such as objects stored in the device's local storage. A cookie is a small text file used to store limited information about the user of the device. They help Data Apples to identify how Data Apples' users use the Website, and so that Data Apples can continue to develop and improve it.
Cookies do this by storing information about your preferences on your device, including the device model, manufacturer, screen resolution, device capabilities, service provider, country and city location data.
Data Apples uses the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary: These cookies enable Data Apples' Website to function correctly and deliver the services and products you have requested.
Performance & Functionality: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of Data Apples' Website but are non-essential to their use (for example, Data Apples uses cookies to remember your preferences on the Website). However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytical: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help Data Apples understand how the Website is being used or to help Data Apples customise the Website for you. In particular Data Apples use the Google analytics cookies. For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/. If you do not wish to allow the use of Google Analytics cookies at all, Google provides an opt-out plug-in for most common website browsers http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
By using the Service, you accept the use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your cookie choices
You have the right to choose whether to accept or refuse cookies and similar technologies. You can exercise this choice by not accepting the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, however, please note that if you choose to do so, you will not be able to use the Service.
For more information about what cookies are and your rights to control cookies, please visit the third party educational resource www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web beacons
Data Apples does not use web beacons.
How does Data Apples protect Personal Information and other information about you?
Data Apples takes reasonable steps to protect any Personal Information Data Apples collects about you. Additionally, Data Apples may supply you with tools to evaluate the strength of the password you select for the Website. No security measures are foolproof, and Data Apples cannot guarantee the security of your information other than to take reasonable steps to protect it. In the event that Data Apples becomes aware of a security breach, unauthorized disclosure or inadvertent disclosure concerning your information, you agree that Data Apples may notify you of such an event using the notice provisions of the Terms of Use.
You are responsible for maintaining your account's security (as more specifically explained in the Terms of Service).
Information and access to your Personal Information
Based on what you have told Data Apples, Data Apples try to ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date. You have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of Personal Information or restriction of processing concerning your Personal Information or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. Data Apples will comply with erasure requests as long as Data Apples is not required to retain the Personal Information by law and does not need to retain it for its legitimate business purposes. Data Apples may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardise the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access, correction, or deletion requests can be made by emailing billing@dataapples.com.
Your Rights
As a Data Subject you have a number of rights in relation to your Personal Information. These include your rights:
To ask Data Apples to confirm what (if any) Personal Information Data Apples hold relating to you and how that data is processed and used by Data Apples (often referred to as a 'Subject Access Request');
To have Data Apples rectify Personal Information which Data Apples hold about you that is inaccurate;
To have Data Apples erase Personal Information which relates to you if it is no longer necessary for Data Apples to continue to process it, or if Data Apples have no lawful basis to store, process or retain it (though Data Apples do have rights to refuse these requests in certain situations);
To object to Data Apples processing your Personal Information;
To be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your Personal Information, and where appropriate, be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you;
To have Data Apples provide you with a copy of your Personal Information for transfer to an alternative provider of similar services.
Should you ever wish to exercise one or more of these rights you should contact Data Apples at billing@dataapples.com.
Third party websites
Data Apples' Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of Data Apples' partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that Data Apples do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Information to these websites.
What if you have questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy?
Please feel free to direct any questions, comments or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy using the contact information listed in the Notices section of the Data Apples Terms of Use. It is Data Apples' policy to investigate and attempt to resolve all formal written complaints Data Apples receive concerning this Privacy Policy. Data Apples will cooperate with appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Data Apples and an individual.
With effect from 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) enters force. Your rights under that new regulation are explained at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/overview-of-the-gdpr/.
Details of how you can exercise those rights are set out in 'Your Rights'. Data Apples have largely factored GDPR into this Privacy Policy but if you think Data Apples has failed to do so in any way, please notify Data Apples at billing@dataapples.com.
Print
Last Updated: 24th September 2019
Copyright © 2020 Data Apples. All Rights Reserved.
1717 Sun Bird Drive, Faribault, MN 55021 United States
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | End User License Agreement
×
Close
Loading...
Loading...
Close
Submit
×
Generate Password
Please enter a number between 8 and 64 for the password length
Password Length
Generated Password
Generate new password
Close
Copy to clipboard & Insert