https://www.acuant.com/policies/
Policies
Privacy Policies:
Privacy Shield
GDPR
CCPA
Product Policies:
Payment
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policies
Privacy Shield Policy
Acuant, Inc. (“Acuant”, “us”, “our”, or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit the www.acuant.com Site.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for www.acuant.com and applies solely to information collected by the website or provided to us by you. This policy contains the following:
1. What information is collected from you through the website or provided to us by you that could be used to identify you, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. Cross-border transfers of your data.
4. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
5. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you continue to use our web site, then you have given your consent to the data collection and processing by Acuant that is described in this policy.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. As a result of the information that you provide to us, we may have information that could be used to identify you such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.  This information is referred to as personally identifiable information or “PII”.  Since we know that PII is highly sensitive information, we treat it with a high level of security.
We will only use your PII to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us, such as product inquiry, place an order, support issues, or general customer service needs.  Your PII will be used solely by Acuant to process your request.  We will neither sell nor rent this information to any third party unless it is necessary to accomplish your request, e.g., processing your credit card purchase or shipping your order to you.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can request that we take certain actions listed below at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have collected from you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any of your data.
Express any concern that you have about our use of your data.
Cross-border Transfers of Your Data
Information that we collect from you, including PII, may be transferred across borders from your country to other countries.  Whether such cross-border transfer of your data will occur will depend on your location, the nature of your request and the location of our data processing center.  If you are located in a country with data privacy laws governing data collection and use please note that by making your request of Acuant, you are consenting and permitting the transfer of information, including PII, to countries that may not have the same data protection laws as your own country.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure manner. You can verify this by looking for a small lock icon on the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to your PII. The servers on which we store PII are kept in a secure environment with limited access.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. In order to purchase a product, you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date). This PII is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of cookies on our site is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information.
Privacy of Minors
Although our products and services are not geared to attracting minors, a minor may enter our website.  We endeavor to comply with child protection of online privacy legislation and undertake not to collect data from users that are known to us to be minors of the age of 13 or younger.  If you are 13 years of age or younger, please stop your use of our web site.  The age used to determine whether a person is a minor may change according to the jurisdiction where you are located.  Please know that it is Acuant’s policy not to collect any data from a minor, wherever located.  If we or you determine that we have inadvertently, without knowledge, collected PII from a minor, such information will be permanently deleted from our files upon becoming aware of information collected from a minor.
Acuant Inc. complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.  Acuant Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Acuant Inc. is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States.  Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you.  You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you.  An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to privacy@acuant.com.  If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.  To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy@acuant.com.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Acuant Inc’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, Acuant Inc remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Acuant Inc proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Acuant Inc commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Acuant Inc by email at privacy@acuant.com.
COMPANY has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or update this privacy policy at any time. We may or may not notify you of such changes, however, you can always view the most current version of this privacy policy at any time at: www.acuant.com.  The date of the last revision appears at the end of this policy.  Once the revision is effective, your use of our services and your data will be governed by the most recently revised privacy policy.  If you do not want to be bound by the changes to the privacy policy you may revoke your consent by contacting us as described above and ask that we delete your data from our database.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Do Not Track (for California residents only)
Do not Track (“DNT”) is a setting provided by your browser (depending on the browser used) that you can activate in your browser’s settings to let Internet sites know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you.  Unfortunately, we do not currently have the technology to respond to DNT signals. As a result, we do not afford different treatment to California residents whose browsers send a DNT signal as opposed to those without this setting.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 213-867-2611 or privacy@acuant.com.
Last revised: January 11, 2019
Acuant's GDPR Statement
Acuant, Inc. believes that individuals should be in control of their Personal Data and recognizes that the need for strong, customer friendly identity proofing solutions has never been greater.  As Personal Data is continuously at risk, we strive to create trusted solutions that put individuals at ease and give them control of their data, while simultaneously allowing businesses to address the appropriate level of risk and offer the appropriate security.  Acuant, as a data processor under the GDPR is compliant with the rigorous demands of the legislation and we want to work and cooperate with our current and future partners and be prepared to meet the requirements of the GDPR together.
GDPR Regulation
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of Personal Data of individuals within the European Union (EU). Any company that holds personal data of EU residents or processes data of EU residents is accountable under the GDPR, regardless of the company’s physical location.
Acuant’s Security Measurements
Acuant has implemented technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of the Personal Data while the data is in Acuant’s possession or control. The security measures that Acuant has implemented include, but are not limited to:
Encryption of the Personal Data during transmission;
Prevention of accidental or unauthorized access, reading, copying, modification, removal or destruction of the Personal Data;
Access is restricted to Acuant’s employees who have a “need to know” in order to carry out the purpose of the processing and all of those employees are under an obligation of confidentiality with Acuant;
Training of Acuant’s employees regarding the proper handling of Personal Data;
The data center where the Personal Data is processed and/or stored has restricted access;
Use of technological means (e.g. firewalls) to prevent unauthorized access to the Personal Data while it is in Acuant’s possession or control;
A disaster recovery plan which allows the restoration of all Personal Data in the event of a catastrophic event;
Logging of all processing activity of the Personal Data which records when the Personal Data was processed, what processes the Personal Data underwent, anyone that accessed the Personal Data, where and when the Personal Data was transmitted and when the Personal Data was erased from Acuant’s SAAS service; and
Annual review and evaluation of the adequacy of Acuant’s security measures.
Data Subject’s Access to the Personal Data
Acuant’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) may be contacted at privacy@acuant.com
Data Subjects may contact the DPO about all issues related to processing of their Personal Data and exercise all of their rights under the GDPR. A Data Subject is entitled to request and the DPO shall respond without undue delay to the following:
To know the content of the Personal Data being processed and/or stored by Acuant
Correction, amendment, or deletion of their Personal Data if inaccurate
To whom the Personal Data has been disclosed
Disclaimer
The information given to you by Acuant concerning technical, legal, or professional aspects of Acuant’s compliance with the GDPR is for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal or professional advice nor create any legal obligation or liability on the part of Acuant, Inc.
Last revised:  May 17, 2018
CCPA Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement – California
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in Acuant, Inc.’s or its subsidiaries’ (collectively “we”, “us”, or “our”) Privacy Shield Policy, GDPR Statement, Acuant Customer Experience Privacy Statement, AssureID Connect Privacy Statement, and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). This notice is intended to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) which is effective as of January 1, 2020 and other California Privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. This Notice does not cover personal information not subject to the CCPA rights.
Information We Collect
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website and/or Products, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”); and/or
That is about you but is anonymized so that the collected information does not identify you.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site or use any of our Products. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Use of Personal Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
We will not collect additional personal information data or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. We also do not sell personal information, so we don’t have an opt-out feature.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1 (213) 867-2611; or
Email privacy@acuant.com
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child (16 years old or younger).
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. Any additional requests during the same 12-month period will be processed by us after payment of an administrative fee. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 or 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. If applicable, the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or update this CCPA Privacy Notice at any time. We may or may not notify you of such changes, however, you can always view the most current version of this privacy policy at any time at: www.acuant.com. The date of the last revision appears at the end of this policy. Once the revision is effective, your use of our services and your data will be governed by the most recently revised CCPA Privacy Notice. If you do not want to be bound by the changes to the Privacy Notice, you may revoke your consent by contacting us as described above and ask that we delete your data from our database.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us as follows
Phone: 1 (213) 867-2625
Website: www.acuant.com
Email: privacy@acuant.com
Mail:
Acuant, Inc.
Attn: Data Privacy Officer
6080 Center Drive Suite 850
Los Angeles, CA 90045
Last Revised: December 31, 2019
Product Policies
Payment Policy
Credit Cards
Acuant accepts VISA, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. Current billing address and phone information must be included with every order. Billing information must be verifiable with the issuing bank. If this information cannot be verified with the bank, the order will be cancelled.
Alternative payment forms are accepted such as bank wires, ACH Transfers and Payment Terms. In order to be set-up for these alternate forms of payment please contact accounting@acuant.com or call us at (213) 867-2625.
Credit Card Security
Persons who commit fraudulent activity will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Web browsers transmit a unique address that can be used by law enforcement officials to identify fraudulent activity. Both the FBI and the US Secret Service are responsible for investigating Internet fraud cases.
Fraudulent information will be provided to the issuing bank, shipping carriers, and networked with our business partners.
Sales Tax
Sales tax will be added to orders, as applicable, based on the destination. For further information please contact accounting@acuant.com or call us at (213) 867-2625. On international orders, additional taxes or duties may be charged for some countries by Fedex or local authorities, which are at the customer responsibility.
Shipping Policy
We use the services of premium carriers (UPS, FedEx, USPS).
Our delivery options are Ground, 2nd day Air, 3 days Select, Overnight and international.
Delivery times are stated in business days, and do not include order processing times.
Ground: 5-7 business days (not counting shipping day)
2nd day Air: 2 business days (not counting shipping day)
3 days Select 3 business days (not counting shipping day)
Overnight: Next day for orders accepted Monday through Thursday before 11:00AM PST
Overnight orders accepted after 11:00AM pacific time will be shipped on the next day
Overnight Orders Accepted on Friday before 11:00AM, will be delivered on Monday
International: FedEx International priority 4-5 business days
Insurance
All deliveries are insured and guaranteed against loss, theft and damage.
If you should experience any freight damage, please submit a request.
Overdue
Deliveries can be expected by combining order processing time and shipping time.
Order Processing Time
Our efficient processing system enables us to ship most of the orders the same day or within one business day. Delays to the above are expected for weekend orders. We ship Monday through Friday.
Destinations and International Orders
We ship to the continental United States. In addition, we ship to almost every country in the world.
Billing to an International Address
Your billing information must be the same as listed for you by your credit card provider. We accept foreign billing addresses, but we may require (in rare cases) additional documentation prior to shipping your first order. We may ask to have a faxed copy of your passport or driver’s license, along with a copy of either your credit card billing statement, or a copy of the credit card you will be using.
International Shipping Method
We use FedEx International Priority. For some countries additional taxes or duties may be charged by FedEx or local authorities and are the responsibility of the customer.
Warranties
We will replace defective products for up to 1 year from purchase date.
Return Policy (RMA)
30 day money back applies to orders by end-user with number of units under 10.
30 day money back exclude shipping and handling fees.
Orders greater than 10 units will be subjected to restocking fees.
Resellers have 30 days to return or exchange their units. A fee of 25% will be charged for unopened items (restocking fee). Open items may be rejected.
Anything outside of the above guidelines requires approval.
If you are not satisfied with our products for any reason, you may return it for a refund or a replacement within thirty (30) days of delivery. Acuant Inc., understands that exchanging and returning products may be an inconvenience but we strive to make the process a simple and straightforward one. We will gladly help you exchange or return your product, when it falls within the guidelines below.
Terms and Conditions
Products that have been damaged by customers cannot be returned. The damages can include but are not limited to scratched, cracked, or chipped hardware, misuse, and/or neglect. Damaged products are absolutely not qualified for refund, replacement, or warranty protection.
A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number is required for all returns. Returns without an RMA number will not be accepted.
Please contact our Customer Care department by email at orders@acuant.com, or phone at (213) 867-2625, to request an RMA number. Return address and instructions will be provided when an RMA number is issued.
Failure to comply with the return instruction may result in an invalidation of your return.
To obtain an RMA number and receive return instruction, please provide us with the following information:
Invoice, Sales Order, or Pick number
Product description or item code
Reason for the return/exchange
Contact information such as email address and phone number
Refund or replacement will be granted if an RMA number is requested within fifteen (15) calendar days of product delivery.
NO RMA number will be issued after 30 calendar days of product delivery.
RMA’s must be received no more than fifteen (15) business days from the RMA issue date for shipments from the continental USA. Overseas and International shipments will have an extension of twenty-one (21) business days. After the allowed time, Acuant will invalidate the RMA and it will be the customer’s responsibility to arrange shipping with freight prepaid to ship the late RMA back to the customer.
30 day money back applies to purchases of fewer than ten scanners/units by an End-User. Orders greater than ten units will be subjected to restocking fees for unopened items. 30 day money back exclude shipping and handling costs.
Resellers have 30 day to return or exchange their units, there is a 25% restocking fees for returned unopened items.
Products MUST be returned in good condition, with all original parts and packaging (even if opened). A fifteen percent (15%) fee will be charged for incomplete returns (up to thirty percent (30%) if multiple accessories are missing).
Products that have been damaged by customers cannot be returned. If damaged product is returned, it is the customer’s responsibility to arrange shipping with freight prepaid to ship the damaged product back to the customer.
All RMA’s must be shipped with freight prepaid. Any shipments sent COD will be refused. Shipment charged to Acuant’s accounts will result in a partial forfeiture of your refund.
Shipping related charges are not refundable; unless the return is a result of Acuant error (you received the wrong product).
Acuant is not responsible for lost return packages. It is the responsibility of the customer to use reliable shipping methods or insuring the shipment in the event of a lost package.
Please keep all shipping records until your account or original method of payment has been credited and/or until you receive the replacement product.
Please allow 1-2 weeks for refund process. Refunds will only be applied to the same method of the original purchase.
To safeguard against possible abuses of Acuant’s return policy, we reserve the right to charge a restocking fee of fifteen percent (15%) at our discretion.
Special Orders
Special orders or quantities of ten (10) or more are subject to higher rates such as a 25% restocking fee. In most cases, it is recommended that the items be tested in the field prior to deploying multi-volume quantities as returns may not be accepted. Terms for exchanges/returns of high quantity or special order items will be set at the time of ordering.
Refused or Undeliverable Shipment
Customers who refuse packages at the time of delivery or provide an undeliverable address will be charged the shipping and handling fee.
Loss or Damage in Shipment
Claims for lost packages must be made to Acuant by the customer. Please follow the instructions we provide you.
Claims for damaged products in shipment must be made to Acuant by the customer. Please keep the original shipping boxes; we will need these items for further investigation.
Defective Product and Warranty
If the product fails within the warranty period, please contact Acuant Technical Support department at (213) 867-2630 for instructions before sending the defective product back to us.
Questions?   Let’s
Talk
ABOUT ACUANT
Acuant is a leading global provider of identity verification, regulatory compliance (AML/KYC) and digital identity solutions. The Trusted Identity Platform is powered by AI and human assisted machine learning to deliver unparalleled results and operational efficiency. Omnichannel products provide seamless customer experiences to fight fraud, increase conversions and establish trust in seconds. Securing the most global coverage, Acuant has leading partners in every industry and has completed more than one billion transactions in over 200 countries and territories.
INDUSTRIES
RESOURCES
BLOG
CAREERS
POLICIES
CONTACT
SUPPORT
LOGIN
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies. No, give me more infoOK, I agree