http://www.hyfinity.com/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
hyfinity
Search
View Cart
Log In
WebMaker Studio
Products
Pricing
Why Hyfinity
Contact
Forum
Support
Docs
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms and Conditions
Site and Web Service Usage
We reserve the right to change or discontinue any portion of our web sites, including live web services, at any time with or without notice. We shall be in no way liable for any consequence to anyone or any thing which results from decisions regarding continuation, modification or discontinuation of any web service. Further, we shall not be liable for the forwarding or retrieval of documents.
We shall not be liable for any data which is stored through the use of our web sites or web services, be it obscene, offensive, illegal, infringes rights of others or is the property of others. We accept no liability for any damage or loss that may result from the usage of any software listed on our web sites.
We do not have control over third party websites, that are linked to from our web sites. We do not screen such sites before inclusion in any lists. We cannot guarantee that our web site listings will not contain objectionable content and assume no responsibility for the content of any site linked to by our web sites.
You agree that our web sites come with no warranty and are "as is" and "as available" only. You assume all risks associated with your usage of our web sites. Further, we expressly disclaim every type of warranty whether implied or un-implied and accept no responsibility for any damage done to your property as a result of your usage of our web sites. Further, if anyone who is an employee or agent of Hyfinity Limited makes any sort of statement, it shall not be construed as a warranty. If superseded by your jurisdiction's law for Hyfinity Limited to exclude certain warranties, then only the exclusions allowed by law apply to you.
You also agree that we will not be liable for any special, direct, consequential, indirect or incidental damages which result from use, cost, errors, security breaches or anything else related to the use of our web sites (if it is illegal for us to exclude certain liabilities for you because of your legal jurisdiction, the illegal exclusions do not apply to you).
Posts on our Forums and other Systems
Whilst we attempt to edit or remove any messages containing inappropriate, sexually orientated, abusive, hateful, slanderous, or threatening material that could be considered invasive of a person's privacy, or which otherwise violate any kind of law, it is impossible for us to review every message posted on our forums. For this reason you acknowledge that all messages posted on our systems express the views and opinions of the original message author and not necessarily the views of Hyfinity. Therefore we take no responsibility and cannot be held liable for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy or completeness of every message.
By registering with us you agree that you will not post any material which is knowingly false, inaccurate, abusive, hateful, harassing, sexually orientated, threatening or invasive of a person's privacy, or any other material which may violate any applicable laws.
Failure to comply with these rules may result in the termination of your account, account suspension, or permanent ban from our systems. Your IP Address is recorded with each post you make and is retrievable by us if required. You agree that we have the ability and right to remove, edit, or lock any account or message at any time should it be deemed necessary. You also agree that any information you enter on our systems is stored in a database, and that "cookies" are stored on your computer.
Terms of use
Evaluation software, including but not limited to online and downloadable versions are for demonstration, trial and prototyping purposes only. Such software should not be used for live applications. WE WILL NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LIABILITIES ARISING FROM THE USE OF SUCH SOFTWARE.
Use of Hyfinity Software is subject to the Software License Terms, referencing the Installation Requirements.
Information on our web sites is provided without warranty representation or condition of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to conditions or other terms of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular purpose. The user assumes the entire risk as to the accuracy and the use of our web sites and accompanying products.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR INTEGRITY OF ANY INFORMATION SHARED OR STORED ON THIS SITE.
Data Protection
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use your personal information in accordance with our published Privacy Policy.
Copyright
Hyfinity Limited has Copyright to materials, including but not limited to information contained in our web sites, documentation, all demos and all software. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
Hyfinity is a registered trademark of Hyfinity Limited in the United Kingdom and United States of America. Other company, product and service names mentioned may be trademarks or service marks of others.
Our software utilises and ships other software, including but not limited to Xerces XML parser, Xalan XSLT processor, XML Security, ANT, Tomcat and log4j from the Apache Software Foundation, and jaxen and saxpath from the Werken Company. These products are governed by their respective licenses, which ship as separate files within our software installations. All Rights Reserved.
Source Code
Some source code is distributed under public licenses such as the GNU public license, which is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This source code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, and without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with our source code; if not, see GNU General Public License.
Fair Usage
WebMaker Lite edition users can use 50MB of disk space for project storage for the online studio.
WebMaker Pro users are limited to 500MB.
© Hyfinity Limited
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
We use cookies and analytics on our website to support technical features that enhance your user experience.
-
Got it
More information