http://www.uservision.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
User Vision is committed to protecting your data and respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Notice sets out why and how we process the data you provide to us, in order to ensure you can be confident about how this data will be held and used.
A. What information do we collect?We may collect and hold the following information about you:
If you have signed up to receive our newsletter or information about our training/events, we hold your name, your company and supplied email address.
If you are a current, or previous, client, we hold information required in order to conduct the work for which we were engaged. This usually includes the name, job title, office address, e-mail address and phone number or those directly involved in the project. We also hold contact details required for all relevant invoicing and project logistics.
If at some point you have requested us to provide you with a proposal/tender/quote,then we will hold the contact information necessary in the delivery of that proposal, usually including name, job title, office address, e-mail address and phone number of the receiving party.
If we have met you at an event (either an event hosted by User Vision, or an external event) and you have expressed interest in User Vision and our services, we will hold the contact information you provided us with at the time, usually including name, job title, office address, e-mail address and phone number of the receiving party.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
If you have participated in any of our research, then we hold/have held the information gathered from you by our recruiters on our behalf. This includes contact information, demographic information and any other specific personal information supplied to the recruiter at the time. This information is/was held only for the duration of the project (or element of the project for which your input was required) and was securely deleted as soon as it was no longer required (completion of the project, or earlier if possible).
B. Why do we hold this data?We hold the information described above on one of two bases:
Contractual obligation: In order to fulfil your contractual obligations to you; or because you have asked us to do something before entering into a contract (e.g. deliver a proposal) (Section A.2/3).
Legitimate interests: In order to provide you with information about events or services which we believe may be of interest to you. This belief is based on you having either received or requested services from us in the past (Section A.2/3), or having expressed an interest in similar services/events (Section A.1/4).
C. How do we use your data?We use the data described in Section A in order to deliver or communicate services which you have either requested from us or expressed an interest in. Whether that be to deliver a project or to let you know about our latest training courses and events, your data is used to communicate, maintain and/or fulfil our services to you.It’s important that you know that we only keep data that is relevant for us communicating with you. We don’t request anything that is not essential – we only request, hold and use what’s needed.D. How do we hold your data?We treat your privacy and the security of your data very seriously. We store your information in secure environments and we never share it with third parties.Data is held on secure servers, either on-site at our main office in Edinburgh or on secure third-party servers. Our on-site servers are secured both physically and via strict access protocols. Any third-party servers are either hosted within the European Economic Area (EEA), or countries who have a reciprocal framework that matches the security of EEA-based servers (e.g. US companies signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework) and are only accessed over secure connections.Any personal or sensitive data (above and beyond usual contact details) is additionally encrypted to a minimum of 128-bit key AES protection.Data is securely deleted as soon as it is no longer required.E. Website InformationWe use Google Analytics to collect information about the places people visit on our website. This is collected anonymously, in aggregate and helps us understand which areas of our website are popular and which we need to improve.Google Analytics will store a small piece of information on your computer called a ‘cookie’. These cookies can be deleted at any time and do not contain any personal information. If you’d like to know more about cookies and deleting them, we recommend the About Cookies website(this will open in a new window).F. What are your rights?Your data always and only belongs to you, and you have ultimate control over all data we hold about you. Therefore, you have a number of rights:
You can request to see the information we hold about you. Contact hello@uservision.co.uk and we will provide this information in a reasonable time.
You can ask us to update this information at any time if you believe it is incorrect or out of date.
You have the right to be forgotten. Contact us at hello@uservision.co.uk to have your data removed at any time. If you are a client and we are conducting a project with you or your company, then we are not able to remove your data until the project is concluded. This allows us to carry out our contracted services (as per Section B.1.).
You can opt-out of email communications that we may send to you by unsubscribing via the link at the bottom of the e-mail.
If you require more information about our privacy policy, please email hello@uservision.co.uk.
Do you have a project in mind? Let’s chat about what we can do for you.
Get in touch