http://www.geoffknagge.com/conditions.shtml
Location :
Home >> Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
[Last modified 12:50:37 AM on Wednesday, 28 July 2010 2003]
These are the terms and conditions for the geoffknagge.com and eibsonline.com web sites (the "Site"), which are owned and operated by Geoffrey Knagge (the "Owner").
You are only authorized to access this Site or to use the materials contained in the Site (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) if you agree to abide by all applicable laws, and to these Conditions of Use, which constitute an Agreement between you and the Owner. If you do not agree with these conditions, you must leave the Site immediately. By continuing to use the Site, you demonstrate your acceptance of these conditions of use.
Any questions or comments regarding, or problems with, this Site should be sent to the Owner at the contact page.
The Owner reserves the right to modify or amend this Agreement without notice at any time. It is therefore important that you read this page regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.	If you become aware of misuse of this Site by any person, you should contact the Owner with your concerns.
Access and Use
All materials contained in this Site are protected by international copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. This means that you may only view or download material from this Site for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.
The reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of email, facsimile or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying or transmission of material from this Site is strictly prohibited unless you have obtained the prior written consent of the Owner or unless it is expressly permitted by this Site. The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, available on this Site. The use of materials from this Site on any other Web site or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited. Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on this Site can be made by contacting the Owner in writing at the contact page.
You are also strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive from or are based on the materials contained in this Site including, without limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, online postcards and greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise. This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered or given away.
Privacy
You acknowledge that you are aware of, and agree to be bound by, the Site's privacy policy located at http://www.geoffknagge.com/privacy.shtml
Linked Sites and Advertising
If you are interested in creating hypertext links to this Site, you must contact the Owner at the contact page before doing so. In establishing hypertext links, you must not represent in any way, expressly or by implication, that you have received the endorsement, sponsorship or support of this Site.
If the Owner has provided links or pointers to other Web sites, no inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be implied that the Owner is connected with, operates or controls these Web sites.
The Owner is not responsible for the content or practices of third party Web sites that may be linked to this Site. When visiting other Web sites, you should refer to each such Web site's individual Terms of Use and not rely on this Agreement.
The Owner takes no responsibility for third party advertisements which are posted on this Site, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers.
Disclaimer of Liability and Warranties
You agree that you use this Site and rely on material contained in this Site at your own risk.
The Site, and all materials in this Site, are provided "as is" and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, are provided without warranties of any kind either express or implied. This means, without limitation, that the Owner DOES NOT WARRANT that the Site is fit for any particular purpose; that the functions contained in the materials in the Site will be uninterrupted; that defects will be corrected; that the Site is free of viruses and other harmful components or that the Site is accurate, error free or reliable.
You acknowledge that the Owner IS NOT LIABLE for
any delays, inaccuracies, failures, errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, defects, viruses, communication line failures or for the theft, destruction, damage or unauthorized access to your computer system or network.
any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct or material found in connection with this Site, including such conduct or material transmitted by any means by any other person.
any damages, including, without limitation, direct, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, in connection with or arising from your use or from your inability to use the Site.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Owner from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising out of your use of this Site; your failure to use the Site; your breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or your breach or alleged breach of the copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties.
Termination
The Owner reserves the right to immediately terminate your use of, or access to, this Site at any time if the Owner decides at its sole discretion that you have breached this Agreement or any relevant law, rule or regulation or you have engaged in conduct that the Owner considers to be inappropriate or unacceptable.
The Owner reserves the right to withdraw any or all features of this Site at any time and without notice.
Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any material contained in this Site infringes your copyright, you should notify the Owner of your claim in accordance with the following procedure.
The Owner will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives and will take appropriate action as required by applicable intellectual property laws.
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information:
Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
A contact email address may be obtained by sending a message, stating your intention, from the contact page. Alternatively, the contact form itself may be used for this purpose.
Enforcement
This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Australia and its state of New South Wales. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New South Wales for resolution of any dispute, action or proceeding arising in connection with this Agreement or your use or non-use of the Site, and you further irrevocably waive any right you may have to trial by jury in any such dispute, action or proceeding.
Site Map
Home
Web Notes
Tech Notes
Research
Photos
(C)opyright, Geoff Knagge.
Continued use of this site indicates your agreement to the Conditions of use and
Privacy Policy.