http://www.solutions-cubed.com/returns-privacy-terms-conditions/
Loading... Please wait...
530-891-8045
Home
My Account
Gift Certificates
Sign in or Create an account
View Cart
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Categories
Edge Pins
Lighting
Motor Control
Sensors
Protocol Converters
Keypad/Button Interface
Memory
Power
Hardware
HomeReturns-Privacy-Terms & Conditions
Returns-Privacy-Terms & Conditions
Returns and Cancellations: Returns: Products purchased from Solutions Cubed, LLC may be returned for a refund if the product is received in Chico, CA within 90 days of the purchase date. Additionally, the product must remain in its original unopened packaging. Solutions Cubed, LLC will not pay the cost of return shipping. Solutions Cubed, LLC offers a 90 day warranty on workmanship for products purchased directly from Solutions Cubed, LLC. If a product is returned to us and found to be faulty, we will either repair/replace the product or refund the purchase price at our discretion. Products purchased from distributors should be returned to them under their policies.
Cancellations: Solutions Cubed, LLC attempts to ship all products the same day the order is received. Cancellations made prior to 2PM PST on the day of the order can typically be honored. To ensure cancellation occurs you should call our company and ask for Sales (530-891-8045).
Privacy Policy: Financial Transactions / Account Information: Solutions Cubed, LLC collects this information from customers in order to facilitate trade. Your personal information is not stored on our servers but is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to our credit card processing service. Information received from transactions is not shared with any entities other than those required to complete the process. Beyond the procedures described above none of your information is shared with third parties for any reason.
Forms, Surveys, Other: From time to time we may collect personal information from forms, surveys, or other means. This information is used internally to manage programs, develop business planning, or make contact with our customers. This information is never given to other companies for any reason.
Web Site Terms and Conditions: Terms of use: The information provided on our website is for your informational purposes only.
External Links: Our website offers links to external websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these linked websites. We strongly recommend that our website users read the privacy statements of all websites that you may visit.
Disclaimer: Unfortunately, no data protection method(s) can be guaranteed 100% secure. It is our goal to protect your personal information, but we cannot ensure or warrant our ability to do so. Therefore, you use the information contained in this website at your own risk. Solutions Cubed, LLC will not be held liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
New Products
CS004S:
Dual In-Line Style Edge Pins with Solder (10)
$3.00
Add To Cart
BM015: High Beam Dual White LED Module
$17.00
Add To Cart
BM014:
Super Bright Red, Green, Blue, LED
$15.50
Add To Cart
BM017:
I2C Color Sensor
$14.50
Add To Cart
BM019:
Serial to Near Field Communication (NFC)
$16.00
Add To Cart
Categories
Edge Pins
Lighting
Motor Control
Sensors
Protocol Converters
Keypad/Button Interface
Memory
Power
Hardware
Recent Updates
Sensing Color With The Arduino and the TCS34725
Sensing color with the Arduino and the TCS34725 is a pretty straight forward …
Color Sensor to RGB LED Driver with an Arduino
I’m in the process of adding the BM017 Color Sensor to our web site.
This …
Debugging Arduino Sketches with Atmel Studio 7
Atmel’s Studio 7 (Atmel is now owned by Microchip) allows you to import …
Connect with us: Facebook
Twitter
Home
Distributors
Make Your Move - Blog
App Notes - Downloads - Datasheets
Contact Us
Circuit Design and Electronic Engineering Services
Electronic Design Blog
Shipping & Returns
About Us
Returns-Privacy-Terms & Conditions
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 Solutions Cubed, LLC.
Sitemap |