https://www.amber-light.co.uk/privacy
Privacy PolicyV.3 Published on May 24, 2:48 PMWelcome to the Amberlight  privacy notice.Amberlight respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.Please use the Glossary below to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.Contents IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS DATA SECURITY DATA RETENTION YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS GLOSSARYPURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICEThis privacy notice aims to give you information on how Amberlight collects and processes your personal data through your use of the Amberlight website and apps, including any data you may provide through the website and apps when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a product or service or take part in a competition.This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. CONTROLLERAmberlight is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Amberlight”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us using the details set out below. CONTACT DETAILSOur full details are:Amberlight  Partners Ltd75 Kenton StreetLondonWC1N 1NNEmail address: admin@amber-light.co.ukYou have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGESThis version was last updated on 19 May 2018 and historic versions can be obtained by emailing admin@amber-light.co.uk.It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.THIRD-PARTY LINKSThis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:Identity Data includes name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender.Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.Transaction Data includes details of products and services we have provided you with.Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.Usage Data includes information about your visit including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including data and time), reports, information you viewed or searched on our site, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs, sometimes accessed via heatmaps or user recordings), lab completion activity and methods used to browse away from the page.Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATAWhere we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:apply for our products or services;create an account on our website;subscribe to our service or publications;request marketing to be sent to you;enter a competition, promotion or survey; orgive us some feedback.Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:Technical Data from the following parties:(a) analytics providers;(b) advertising networks; and(c) search information providers.Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators.Confirmation of whether you have been successful in an application processed through our cyber academies. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.See below to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing admin@amber-light.co.uk, unsubscribing from any emails or logging onto the platform and changing your preferences.PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe have linked below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data (https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/lab-information/Policy/Privacy+Policy+table+.pdf).MARKETINGWe strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM USWe may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.THIRD-PARTY MARKETINGWe will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside Amberlight for marketing purposes.OPTING OUTYou can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time [by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by emailing admin@amber-light.co.uk at any time].Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a service or other transactions.COOKIESYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy (below) CHANGE OF PURPOSEWe will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email admin@amber-light.co.uk.If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary below.Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. DATA RETENTION HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnder certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at admin@amber-light.co.uk.NO FEE USUALLY REQUIREDYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOUWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.TIME LIMIT TO RESPONDWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. GLOSSARY LAWFUL BASISLegitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by emailing admin@amber-light.co.ukPerformance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.THIRD PARTIESEXTERNAL THIRD PARTIESService providers acting as processors based in the EEA who provide IT and system administration services such as Amazon Web Services.Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers based in the EEA including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.Business and universities, acting as processors based in the EEA who provide feedback to us on placement of our academy users.
Cookies PolicyV.2 Published on May 19, 5:36 PMThis page explains what cookies are, how we use them on the website of Amberlight Partners Limited (“the/our site”) and your options for controlling them. Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of information which include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session (“session cookies”) and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used, for example, to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer (“persistent cookies”). Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to your device and are sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit (if they last longer than a web session) or to another website that recognises that cookie. What cookies do we use? Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site. Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our site. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our site relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. Please note that third parties (including, for example, providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.  Some cookies may be controlled by using your web browser settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. Please note, however, that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.  We may revise this use of cookie policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally 2 binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this cookie policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site. You can learn more about cookies in general by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser. For more general information about online behavioural (interest based) advertising and how it uses cookies, you may wish to visit www.youronlinechoices.com.Information about specific cookies we useGoogle AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To opt out of Google Analytics please go to the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutLinkedin Insights Tag The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables campaign reporting and insights. Amberlight Partners use the LinkedIn Insights Tag to help track conversions, retarget website visitors, and understand how our website visitors interact with our ads. Manage your LinkedIn advertising preferences: https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62931/manage-advertising-preferncesThis websites use cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read More Got itPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Non-necessary
Non-necessary