http://www.highbeam.com/help
Menu
About us
Take a tour
User Agreements
Privacy policy
Contact us
Site Sunset
Help
A Note for Former HighBeam Users
After many years of successfully serving the needs of our customers, HighBeam Research has been retired.
Because HighBeam Research has closed down we have taken you to our sister website Questia, an award-winning Cengage Learning product.
About us
Located in downtown Chicago, Questia is the premier online research and paper writing
resource. Since its founding in 1998, Questia has helped students find and cite
high-quality, scholarly research. With emphasis on subjects related to the humanities
and social sciences, Questia provides the resources needed to complete most college-level,
core-curriculum course assignments.
The Questia library contains books and journal articles on subjects such as history,
philosophy, economics, political science, English and literature, anthropology,
psychology, and sociology. It also includes magazine and newspaper articles.
In January 2010, Questia was acquired by Cengage Learning, the leading provider
of innovative teaching, learning, and research solutions for professional, library,
and academic audiences worldwide. Since then, Questia's library has continued to
grow, and advanced tools for research and writing have been fine-tuned to meet the
needs of the academic community. Today, more students are using Questia than ever
before.
Questia at a glance
More than 500,000 students have used Questia since its launch.
Experienced, on-staff librarians hand-select the books and periodicals offered.
More than 83,000 online books from reputable commercial and academic presses.
More than 14 million quality, citable journal, newspaper and magazine articles.
Organizational and paper-writing tools to help you manage your research and automatically
generate footnotes and bibliographies.
Instructors can select and assign students readings and/or research tutorials for writing a research paper to complete for their coursework.
Writing Center with tools and guidance to help you write your research paper
Topic Idea Generator, Thesis builder, Outline builder among others
9 steps to writing a research paper
Research tutorials consisting of videos, PDF examples and quizzes designed to help students write better research papers.
Testimonials
“This is the best online library I've come across on the net! I love the huge variety
of topics and tools available for comprehensive research. Yet, it's easy to use
and fun. Thank you so very much for being here.
— Shari E., Philosophy graduate student at UCLA
“This is a great research tool. I wish I had known about it years sooner. Thank you.
— Judy H., World History major at Grand View College
“This saved my life in college...Thank you.
— Kerri W., Political Science major at Indiana State University
About us
Take a tour
User Agreements
Privacy policy
Contact us
Site Sunset
Help
Customer Service
Our Customer Service team is available 24/7. Just call
1-800-889-0097.
Mailing address
Questia
c/o Cengage Learning
1 North State Street
Suite 900
Chicago, IL 60602
USA
Oops!
An unknown error has occurred. Please click the button below to reload the page. If the problem persists, please try again in a little while.
Reload
We use cookies to deliver a better user experience and to show you ads based on your interests. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy