https://www.invoicera.com/termsofservices.html
INVOICERA-TERMS OF SERVICE | READ THEM THOROUGHLY
Skip to main content
By Role
For Small Businesses
For Enterprises
For Freelancers
FEATURES
Online Invoice
Time Tracking
Online Payments
Expense Management
Subscription Billing
Financial Forecasting
Staff Management
Client Management
Multi Currency and Multi-Lingual
Integrate With Legacy Systems
AR & AP Management
Create Custom Workflow
Estimate Management
Task Management
Project Management
Credit Note Management
Invoice App for iOS
Invoice App for Android
More
Company
Knowledge Base
Add-Ons & Integrations
Blog
API
Contact
Testimonials
Refer & Earn
Pricing
Need Consultation
Login
Terms of Service
Subscription Guidelines, and how they affect your account.
Home
Terms of Services
Please read the following terms of service carefully before using the invoicera service. The use of any invoicera services will signify your agreement to be bound by the terms. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not proceed.
Purpose of AgreementThe Invoicera Services are made available to you by Vinove Software and Services Pvt. Ltd., an Indian company situated in New Delhi, subject to the following Terms. Vinove Software and Services may also offer other services under different terms of service. Invoicera Services are made available by Vinove Software and Services only to persons who are above 18 years of age, or of such legal age as may be permissible in your jurisdiction to effectuate a legally binding contract.
The ServiceThe Invoicera Services are made available to you by Vinove Software and Services Pvt. Ltd., an Indian company situated in New Delhi, subject to the following Terms. Vinove Software and Services may also offer other services under different terms of service. Invoicera Services are made available by Vinove Software and Services only to persons who are above 18 years of age, or of such legal age as may be permissible in your jurisdiction to effectuate a legally binding contract.
Modification of Terms of ServiceVinove Software and Services may modify these Terms upon notice to you at any time. These modifications may include, without limitation, payment for the Services. You will be provided notice of any such modification by electronic mail or by publishing the changes on the website https://www.invoicera.com/.You will be provided the option to terminate your use of the Services if Vinove Software and Services modifies the Terms in a manner that substantially affects your rights in connection with use of the Services. Your continued use of the Service after notice of any change to the Terms will be deemed to be your agreement to the amended Terms.
Member Registration ObligationsIn consideration of your use of the Services, you agree to: a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Registration Process and b) Maintain and promptly update your Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete, or if Vinove Software and Services has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete, Vinove Software and Services has the right to terminate your Account and refuse current or future use of any or all of the Services.
Personal Information and PrivacyPersonal information you provide to Vinove Software and Services through the Service is governed by Invoicera Privacy Policy and applicable laws related to personal information. Your election to use the Service indicates your acceptance of the terms of the Invoicera Privacy Policy. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username, password and other sensitive information. You are responsible for all activities that occur in your Account and you agree to notify Vinove Software and Services immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account. Vinove Software and Services is in no way responsible for any loss or damage to you or to any third party incurred as a result of any unauthorized access and/or use of your Account, or otherwise.
Communications from Vinove Software and ServicesThe Service may include certain communications from Vinove Software and Services, such as service announcements, administrative messages and newsletters. You understand that these communications shall be considered part of using the Services. As part of our policy to provide you total privacy, we also provide you the option of opting out from receiving mails from us. However, this may prevent us from providing effective service to you.
Fees and PaymentsThe applicable fee shall be as made available on the website from time to time. If you elect not to pay such fees, Vinove Software and Services shall have the right to cease providing such Service to you.
Restriction of UseIn addition to all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shall not: (i) transfer or otherwise make available to any third party the Services; (ii) provide any service based on the Services without prior written permission; (iii) use the third party links to sites without agreeing to their website terms & conditions; (iv) post links to third party sites or use their logo, company name, etc. without their prior written permission; or (v) use the Services for spamming and other illegal purposes.
Spamming and Illegal ActivitiesYou agree to be solely responsible for the contents of your transmissions through the Services. You agree not to use the Services for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, pornographic, obscene, or otherwise objectionable, contains viruses, or that infringes or may infringe the intellectual property or other rights of another. You agree not to use the Services for the transmission of "junk mail", "spam", "chain letters", or unsolicited mass distribution of email. Vinove Software and Services reserves the right to terminate your access to the Services if Vinove Software and Services believes that you have used the Services for any illegal or unauthorized activity.
Intellectual Property RightsUnless otherwise indicated or anything contained to the contrary or any proprietary material owned by a third party and so expressly mentioned, Vinove Software and Services owns all Intellectual Property Rights to and into the Invoicera services, including, without limitation, any and all rights, title and interest in and to copyright, related rights, patents, utility models, trademarks, trade names, service marks, designs, know-how, trade secrets and inventions (whether patentable or not), goodwill, source code, meta tags, databases, text, content, graphics, icons, and hyperlinks. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not use, reproduce or distribute any content from Invoicera belonging to Vinove Software and Services without obtaining authorization from Vinove Software and Services.
We respect your right to ownership of content created or stored by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Services does not grant Vinove Software and Services any license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the content created by you or stored in your Account for Vinove Software and Services commercial, marketing or any similar purpose.
TrademarkVinove Software and Services, Vinove Software and Services logo, Invoicera, Invoicera logo, the names of different Vinove Software and Services and their logos are trademarks of Vinove Software and Services. You agree not to display or use, in any manner, the Vinove Software and Services trademarks, without Vinove Software and Services's prior permission.
Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou expressly understand and agree that the use of the services is at your sole risk. The services are provided on an as-is-and-as-available basis. Vinove software and services expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Vinove software and services makes no warranty that the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or virus free. Use of any material downloaded or obtained through the use of the services shall be at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, mobile telephone, wireless device or data that results from the use of the services or the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether written or oral, obtained by you from Vinove software and services, its employees or representatives shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms.
Limitation of LiabilityYou agree that Vinove software and services shall, in no event, be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special, punitive, or other loss or damage whatsoever or for loss of business profits, business interruption, computer failure, loss of business information, or other loss arising out of or caused by your use of or inability to use the service, even if Vinove software and services has been advised of the possibility of such damage. Your sole and exclusive remedy for any dispute with Vinove software and services related to any of the services shall be termination of such service. In no event shall vinove software and services entire liability to you in respect of any service, whether direct or indirect, exceed the fees paid you towards such service.
IndemnificationTo the extent permissible under law, You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Vinove Software and Services from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by Vinove Software and Services that arise out of, result from, or may be payable by virtue of, any breach or non-performance of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made or obligation to be performed by you pursuant to these Terms.
Payment, Refunds, Upgrading and Downgrading Terms
A valid credit card is required for making transactions. Free accounts are not required to provide a credit card number. Please Note that your credit card number will not be stored with us in any format.
For monthly plans you are billed 30 days in advance for the service. If you don't upgrade/downgrade/renew/cancel that account within 30 days, your account shall be deemed to be inactive and will be closed after notifying you about the same.
If you run out of your quota of included scans you will have the option of purchasing blocks of additional scans.
An upgrade from the free plan to any paid plan will end your free trial. You will be billed for your first month immediately upon upgrading. While upgrading from one paid plan to another paid plan, your new plan will be considered active immediately.
Downgrading your Service would mean that you will be entitled to the features limited to the downgraded plan.
If you renew your plan before its expiry, then it would only be renewed after its expiry date. Note that free accounts will not be renewed.
The Service is billed in advance on a monthly basis and is non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, upgrade/downgrade refunds, or refunds for months unused with an open account. In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made. An exception is a 7 day money-back guarantee on new accounts.
All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties.
Please note that our FREE PACKAGE is not on monthly basis. Till the time you use free account, you will be entitled to a quota of 50 invoices only. Similarly, with other features also. Once your quota of invoices, estimates, etc is finished, your free account will not be renewed.
TerminationYou agree that Vinove Software and Services may terminate your Member Account and access to the Services for reasons including, but not be limited to, breaches or violations of the Terms or the Invoicera Privacy Policy, a request by you to terminate your Account, discontinuance or material modification to the Services, unexpected technical issues or problems, extended periods of inactivity and requests by law enforcement or other government agencies. Termination of your Invoicera Account includes elimination of access to the Service, deletion of your Account information such as your e-mail ID and Password and deletion of data in your Member Account as permitted or required by law. In the event of termination by the Vinove Software and Services without cause, your sole remedy shall be an entitlement to receive refund of any advance paid or outstanding at that point in time.
Governing LawParties agree that these terms shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of India without reference to conflict of laws principles, and disputes arising in relation hereto shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts at New Delhi.
END OF TERMS OF SERVICE
(Last updated on: 31st March 2009)
Rate us
4.9
out of 5.0
by  52342
clients  for  Online Invoicing and Billing Software.
Tweet
INVOICERA FOR
Utility
Telecommunications
Transportation & Logistics
Freelancers
Legal Firms
Manufacturers
Real Estate
Traders
Photographers
Consultants & IT Firms
Contractors
Restaurants & Hotels
Insurance and Banking
Digital Agencies
Tours & Travels
PRODUCT
For Small Businesses
For Enterprises
For Freelancers
Add-Ons
Pricing
Invoicera Updates
Android Invoice App
iOS-Invoice-App
Free-Invoice-Generator
HELPFUL LINKS
Login
Add-Ons & Integrations
Knowledge Base
API Reference
Blog
About
Press
Partners
Contact
Case Studies
Testimonials
CONNECT WITH US
IN: +91-9582957066Toll Free +18882971251
(10:00 am - 12:00 midnight IST)
Download App
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Data Backup
Feedback
Copyright © 2004-2020 Invoicera. All rights reserved.
Request a Demo
Individual
Small Business
Enterprises
Reset
OR , Book our calendar , instantly
Talk to Customer Delight Team @Invoicera
Book a demonstration to learn more about Invoicera and how it can be better fit for your business needs.
Our specialists give you in-depth insights into the product. Take a guided tour and get all your queries answered
We are available from Monday to Friday 09.00 AM to 12.00 Midnight (IST)