http://www.reciprocallink.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
How it works
Add Link
Cart
My Backlinks
Register
Login
Privacy Policy
General Information
We honor your right to privacy and the personal information that you provide on our website, remains confidential with us. The statement below describes the privacy practice that we follow at reciprocallink.com. This privacy policy is however subject to change, as and when deemed necessary by us. Kindly check this section periodically for any updates or changes in our Privacy Policy.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our webste
Improve, personalize, and expand our webste
Understand and analyze how you use our webste
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the webste, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, reciprocallink.com uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
Payments
Payments to reciprocallink.com are routed through PayPal, and the information provided by you regarding the payments for listing on our website, rests with PayPal Inc. We only receive confirmation data about payments, and no other information from them. Kindly go through privacy policy of PayPal for more details regarding storage of information made for payments.
Reply to e-mails
It is our endeavor to reply to the e-mails that we deem necessary of a response, be replied in less than 24 hours. We do store the series of e-mails, but do not deal them with any third party.
Contact Us
If you have any query and concern regarding our privacy policy that has not been addressed here, please contact us.