http://www.adventuresonline.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYou are here: Home / PrivacyAt Adventures Online, we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about the policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us via our contact form.
When you visit our website AdventuresOnline.com and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we explain to you the information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of the website and our services.
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
PLEASE NOTE: We do not covertly capture personally identifiable information. Any information that can identify you, personally, has been voluntarily supplied to us by you. Your IP address is reported on forms that you have voluntarily submitted to us, and, our website and server security programs and Google Analytics (that is used on our website) track IPs and the web pages you visit in their logs.
Disable Google Analytics
Our Commitment to You
Adventures Online is committed to protecting and managing personally identifiable information you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, email address and telephone number). All of the Website can be visited without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:
When we collect personal information from you, it is our intent to inform you before we do that and to tell you what we intend to do with the information. You will have the option to “opt out” of certain uses of the information. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit and benefit from the content on AdventuresOnline.com, but you may be unable to take advantage of certain options, offers, and services.
We will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
We are committed to privacy and will only use the information you provide us as you request.
Personal data will only be processed fairly and lawfully
We do not collect any more personal data than is necessary to provide the services you have purchased or to provide a full response to your inquiry
We only use your personal data for the purposes we specify in this Privacy Notice, unless you agree otherwise
We do not keep your personal information if it is no longer needed
You can have your data updated at any time
You can remove your data at any time
You can request a copy of the data we store on you at any time
Personal data is securely stored and managed
What information do we collect?
Personal information you disclose to us
We collect and maintain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about our products and services, when posting comments on our blog or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
First and last name
Postal address
Phone number
Website URL
E-mail address
Your interest in connecting with us
Billing information as required to complete a purchase, i.e. order details
In order to communicate with us or to use our services, you may be prompted to provide certain personal data in the following ways:
By filling in forms (i.e. a “Sign Me Up” form) on our website or anywhere else where we conduct business (i.e. at a seminar)
When you place an order using the website. This may include your first and last name, postal address, phone number, URL, e-mail address and payment details.
By subscribing to our newsletters or commenting on our blog posts
By interacting with us via social media
By corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise using our contact details
Information automatically collected
Adventures Online automatically collects information when you visit, use or navigate the website. This non-personally identifying information, collected through the use of Google Analytics, does not reveal your specific identity but may include:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet.
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, if any.
The type of web browsing software and operating system you are using to view our site.
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you visit on our site.
The amount of time spent on the site.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our website and to better understand how our visitors use our website.
Throughout the Website there may be forms to request information, products and services. These forms typically ask for personally-identifying information (such as your phone, address or e-mail address). Contact information from these forms is used to send the information that you request.
How we use your information
We use personal information provided by you to provide our services and for business purposes as described below:
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Website.
To send you marketing and promotional communications for business purposes and/or with your Consent. We may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the “Your Privacy Rights” below).
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Website that may contain personal information. If you provide us with a testimonial, you give us your consent for the use of your name to be displayed on our website or in our other marketing materials, together with the content of the testimonial that you provide. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us via our contact form and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Will your information be shared with anyone?
We will never share your personal data, or otherwise make your personal data available to any third parties for the purposes of marketing or targeting you. We will not sell, rent, or exchange your personal data with any third-parties. If, for whatever reason this needs to change in the future, we would never do so without your express permission.
We use your personal data we collect to:
Conduct and develop our business with you
Operate, evaluate, maintain, improve and develop the website (including by monitoring and analyzing trends, access to, and use of the websites for advertising and marketing purposes)
Monitor, carry out statistical analysis and benchmarking (i.e. Google Analytics for sites pages tracking), provided that in such circumstances it is on an aggregated basis which will not be linked back to you or anyone else
Engage and educate you about our services
Provide you with documentation or communications which you have requested
Correspond with you to resolve your queries or complaints
Provide you with any services you request
Send you marketing communications, where it is lawful for us to do so
Protect and ensure safety of the all data collected
How long do we keep your information?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you and managing our operations
For as long as we provide services to you
For as long as we are legally required by State and Federal laws
If none of these criteria apply, we commit to purging any Personal Data no later than 24 months following your latest interaction/exchange with our services.
How do we keep your information safe?
All of your Personal Data remain private and confidential. We follow generally accepted standards to protect personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our website is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files of information stored by your internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use cookies to collect browsing data, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information and to collect general usage and volume statistical information. Our cookies do not collect personal, confidential information and are not spyware.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our website.
Third Party Websites
The website may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave our website, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Notice, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from our Website.
Your privacy rights and responsibilities
As our Client or User, you have the right to:
Be informed about the processing of your personal data
Object to or restrict processing of your personal data
Ask for a copy of the information about the data we store on you at any time
Correct, update, amend, or remove personal data.
Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you
It is important to note that you also have responsibilities when it comes to protecting your personal information.
Opting out of email marketing
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, by updating your communications preferences via our email service provider, or by contacting us via our contact form. You will then be removed from the marketing email list.
About the Privacy Policy
If you have questions or comments about the contents in this Privacy Notice, we invite you to contact us via our contact form.
Last updated: May 27, 2018
Primary SidebarConnect with Karen
EmailFacebookInstagramLinkedInPhoneTwitter
Search this website