http://www.miraplacid.com/company/legalnotices.shtml
Miraplacid Legal Notices
Terms And Conditions
All of the original information and content on this web site are the property of Miraplacid
(more specifically the owner of Miraplacid) and are protected by international copyright and
trademark laws.
By accessing or using this web site, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions.
If you are not agree with any of these conditions, you are not granted permission or rights to
access this web site.
Miraplacid makes no warranty that the information provided within this site is faultless.
All the materials may be utilized for informational purposes, offline only. Provided content
and graphics should not be modified in any way, and all copyright and other notices on any
copy should remain intact.
If you wish to reproduce a portion of Miraplacid.com in any fashion, you shall make a formal
request by emailing manager@miraplacid.com.
We will evaluate your request, and respond accordingly.
Terms and conditions could be altered or extended by the owner of this web site at any time without
prior notice.
Disclaimer For File Downloads
The files present on this server may be downloaded only at your own risk. By downloading anything
from this server, you're agreeing that Miraplacid and affiliates can *not* be held responsible
in any way for any problems or undesirable results that may occur due to the usage of any of these
files. If you do not agree to that, then you are not permitted to download files from this server.
Privacy Statement
Miraplacid is committed to protecting your privacy as a user of this web site. Occasionally the
site may set cookies in order to better serve you.
The customer's contact information may be used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Unique identifiers (such as email addresses) are collected to verify the user's identity and for
use as account id's in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
Miraplacid does not share any of your personal, demographic or contact information provided
information with any third party companies and agencies.
This site contains links to other sites. Miraplacid.com is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such Web sites.
Miraplacid might use standard features of Google Adwords Tracking on some web pages.
Google does not have access to visitors personal, contact or billing information, however,
it collects anonymous statistics on website visit date and time, and pages viewed.
Please see Google privacy statement.
Miraplacid does not share statistics collected by goolge adwords tracking with any third party companies or agencies.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the
information under our control.
Trademarks
Any and all trademarks found on the Miraplacid.com site do not expressly represent an
endorsement by the owners of Miraplacid.com, will remain the property of their respective owners,
and may not be copied or modified without their explicit permission.