https://www.imagiam.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyDavid García2019-03-03T11:21:49+00:00
Background
Imagiam High Image Techs SL understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, https://www.imagiam.com/ (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
1.1. In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
1.1.1. “Account”: means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
1.1.2. “Cookie”: means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Part 14, below; and
1.1.3. “Cookie Law”: means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
2. Information About Us
2.1. Our Site is owned and operated by Imagiam High Image Techs SL, a limited company registered in the Barcelona Mercantile Registry, volume 32718, sheet 95, page B 214868, whose registered address is Riera de Tena 7, 4º-3ª, 08014 Barcelona, Spain, and whose main trading address is Llacuna 162, 08018 Barcelona, Spain.
2.2. Our VAT number is ES-B62244900.
3. What Does This Policy Cover?
3.1. This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. What Is Personal Data?
4.1. Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively, “the Data Protection Legislation”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
4.2. Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
5. What Are My Rights?
5.1. Under the Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
5.1.1. The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
5.1.2. The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
5.1.3. The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
5.1.4. The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we hold. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
5.1.5. The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
5.1.6. The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
5.1.7. The right to withdraw consent. This means that, if we are relying on your consent as the legal basis for using your personal data, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time.
5.1.8. The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
5.1.9. Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling.
5.2. For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.
5.3. It is important that your personal data is kept accurate and up-to-date. If any of the personal data we hold about you changes, please keep us informed as long as we have that data.
5.4. Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
5.5. If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would welcome the opportunity to resolve your concerns ourselves, however, so please contact us first, using the details in Part 15.
6. What Data Do You Collect and How?
6.1. Depending upon your use of Our Site, we may collect and hold some or all of the following personal and non-personal data set out in the list below. Please also see Part 14 for more information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies and our Cookie Policy.
6.1.1. name;
6.1.2. business/company name;
6.1.3. job title;
6.1.4. profession;
6.1.5. contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
6.1.6. demographic information such as post code, preferences, and interests;
6.1.7. IP address;
6.1.8. web browser type and version;
6.1.9. operating system;
6.1.10. a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to.
7. How Do You Use My Personal Data?
7.1. Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes:
7.1.1. Registering you on Our Site;
7.1.2. Providing and managing your Account;
7.1.3. Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
7.1.4. Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
7.1.5. Administering Our Site;
7.1.6. Administering our business;
7.1.7. Supplying Our products and services to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
7.1.8. Managing payments for our products and services;
7.1.9. Personalising and tailoring Our products and services for you;
7.1.10. Communicating with you;
7.1.11. Marketing research;
7.1.12. Supplying you with information by email or post that you have opted-in-to (you may opt-out at any time).
7.2. With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message or post with information, news, and offers on our products and services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Legislation and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
7.3. Third Parties (including Google Analytics, PayPal and YouTube) whose content appears on Our Site may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below in Part 14. Please refer to Part 14 for more information on controlling cookies. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
7.4. We will only use your personal data for the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected unless we reasonably believe that another purpose is compatible with that or those original purpose(s) and need to use your personal data for that purpose. If we do use your personal data in this way and you wish us to explain how the new purpose is compatible with the original, please contact us using the details in Part 15.
7.5. If we need to use your personal data for a purpose that is unrelated to, or incompatible with, the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, we will inform you and explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
7.6. In some circumstances, where permitted or required by law, we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent. This will only be done within the bounds of the Data Protection Legislation and your legal rights.
8. How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
8.1. All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times. For more details on security see section 9, below.
9. How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
9.1. We will only store or transfer your personal data within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the Data Protection Legislation, GDPR, and/or to equivalent standards by law.
9.2. The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, we take a number of important measures, including the following:
9.2.1. limiting access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties with a legitimate need to know and ensuring that they are subject to duties of confidentiality;
9.2.2. procedures for dealing with data breaches (the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, your personal data) including notifying you and/or the Information Commissioner’s Office where we are legally required to do so.
10. Do You Share My Personal Data?
10.1. We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods y servicios, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
10.2. We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
10.3. We may sometimes use third party data processors that are located outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). Where we transfer any personal data outside the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the Data Protection Legislation, as explained above in Part 9.
10.4. If we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or assets, your personal data may be transferred to a third party. Any new owner of our business may continue to use your personal data in the same way(s) that we have used it, as specified in this Privacy Policy.
10.5. In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
11. How Can I Control My Personal Data?
11.1. In addition to your rights under the Data Protection Legislation, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails and at the point of providing your details).
12. Can I Withhold Information?
12.1. You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
12.2. You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14 and our Cookie Policy.
13. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
13.1. If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
13.2. All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15.
13.3. There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
13.4. We will respond to your subject access request within one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of six months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
14. How Do You Use Cookies?
14.1. Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve our products and services. By using Our Site you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on Our Site for enhancing the experience of visitors, for example, to view videos hosted on YouTube, make payments on PayPal, or view geographical locations on Google Maps. In addition, Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how people use Our Site. For more details, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
15. How Do I Contact You?
15.1. To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please contact Us by using any of the means provided on Our Contact page.
16. Changes to this Privacy Policy
16.1. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
16.2. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Legal Notices Terms of Use Terms of Sale Privacy Policy Cookies Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I agreePrivacy Policy