http://www.eclipse.org/legal/
Skip to main content
Breadcrumbs
HomeLegal
Legal Resources
Legal resource page for the Eclipse Foundation.
Getting Started
Agreement and Licenses
Privacy and Trademarks
Committer Agreements
Committer Resources
Getting Started
The Guide to the Legal Documents
provides an in-depth look at the many legal documents related to
the Eclipse open source community. This content is of value to
committers, contributors, redistributors of Eclipse content,
developers of Eclipse-based products and users of Eclipse
technologies;
The Eclipse Public License (EPL) is the
default license for Eclipse Project (please see the Eclipse Public License
Frequently Asked Questions);
The Eclipse Foundation Legal Frequently
Asked Questions answers some of the commonly asked questions
about Eclipse.org licensing, contributions, working as a committer,
and cryptography;
Third Party Content Licenses provides
a list of licenses that are approved for third party content used
by Eclipse projects; or
For other questions, email: license@eclipse.org.
Agreements and Licenses
Web Site Terms of Use:
By accessing, browsing or using this web site, you acknowledge that you have
read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions
contained in this agreement.
Eclipse Public License (EPL):
The fundamental license document for the Eclipse projects and community.
Eclipse Distribution License (EDL):
The BSD license used by some Eclipse projects which require dual-licensing along with the EPL.
Other than for example code or build scripts.
Eclipse Contributor Agreement:
If you are contributing code or documentation to Eclipse Foundation projects you are
required to complete this agreement.
Developer Certificate of Origin:
If you are contributing code or documentation to Eclipse Foundation projects, and using
the git signed-off-by mechanism, you are agreeing to this certificate.
Copyright Agent:
Contact information for the Eclipse Foundation's Copyright Agent.
Eclipse Foundation Software User Agreement:
By downloading builds or accessing Eclipse Foundation source code repositories, you
acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions contained in this agreement.
Approved Licenses for Non-Code, Example, and Other Content:
The Board of Directors has approved the use of certain licenses for specific types of
content on eclipse.org.
Eclipse Foundation Open VSX Publisher Agreement:
The license agreement Eclipse Open VSX Registry publishers must agree to before publishing extensions for VS Code compatible editors on open-vsx.org. You may read the Open VSX Registry FAQ here.
Eclipse Foundation Update Manager Agreement:
If you package "downloadable features" to be installed
from your web site using the Eclipse Update Manager, you must read,
understand, and agree to the terms and conditions contained in this agreement.
Eclipse Foundation Specification License:
The license used by Eclipse Foundation specifications created under the Eclipse Foundation Specification Process.
Eclipse Foundation TCK License:
The binary license used by Technology Compatibility Kits to demonstrate compatibility with their corresponding Specifications.
Eclipse Foundation User Group Trademark License Agreement:
Guidelines and agreements for user groups that are based on Eclipse Foundation projects
and/or working groups.
Privacy and Trademarks
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is important to us. This statement discloses the information practices for this web site, including what type of
information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
Trademark Usage Guidelines:
Guidelines on permissable use of Eclipse logos and trademarks.
Trademark Transfer Agreement:
Pre-existing projects which move to the Eclipse Foundation will be required to execute this agreement
to ensure that the Eclipse Foundation has rights to any trademarks associated with the project name.
Trademark Attributions:
Content on this web site may make reference to trademarks requiring attribution.
Committer Agreements
For Eclipse projects (and the open source world in general), committers are the ones who hold the keys.
Committers decide what code goes into the code base, they decide how a project builds, and they ultimately
decide what gets delivered to the adopter community. Committer status is assigned following a demonstration
of merit (generally a record of high-quality contribution to a project) and a successful
committer election.
The specific agreements required depends on the nature of the project. For committers on an open source
software project (i.e., most Eclipse Foundation projects), the
traditional agreements are required.
For committers on an open source specification project, additional
working group agreements are required.
Committer status is assigned on a project-by-project basis. That is, individuals have committer rights only
on those projects for which they hold committer status. For all other projects, they are contributors.
Our committer provisioning process is automated: new committers will—following their successful
election—be contacted by email to engage in our agreement workflow (also referred to as our
paperwork process), which guides
them through signing those agreements that they need. The agreements are provided below for convenience.
Member Committer and Contributor Agreement:
The Member Committer and Contributor Agreement (MCCA) is used by organizations that are
members of the Eclipse Foundation to cover all of their employees who participate
in Eclipse Foundation open source projects as committers and contributors. This agreement allows employees
of our member organizations to participate in Eclipse Foundation projects without any additional paperwork.
Individual Committer Agreement:
This agreement is used by committers participating in Eclipse open source projects whose employers are
either not members of the Eclipse Foundation or are members that have not signed the
Member Committer and Contributor Agreement.
Employer Consent Agreement for Eclipse
Foundation Specification Projects:
The Employer Consent Agreement for Eclipse Foundation Specification Projects ("Employer Consent Agreement")
is to be completed by the employer of a committer who is seeking Individual Committer status on an Eclipse
Foundation Specification Project operating under the purview of an Eclipse Foundation
Working Group. Note that this form is only required when the employer is not a participant of the
corresponding working group.
New Eclipse Foundation Committer and Contributor Agreements FAQ
In 2018, we updated our standard contributor and committer agreements, and all our committers and contributors,
as well as those members who have member committer agreements, were required to re-sign their agreement with us.
This FAQ is mostly historical at this point, but does contain some generally useful information.
Resources for Committers
Due Diligence Process:
This document provides a quick pictorial overview of the due diligence process.
Third Party Dependencies:
This document contains the guidelines for the review of third-party dependencies.
Committer Guidelines:
This document outlines the issues to be aware of and the processes one should follow when working as a committer on Eclipse.org projects.
A committer is a person
that has been granted commit rights to systems on the Eclipse.org servers such as git repositories, web pages, download servers, mailing lists and so forth.
Contribution Questionnaire:
A Contribution Questionnaires (CQ) is the main interface between Eclipse committers and the Intellectual Property Management Team.
Prior to committing a significant contribution of content to an Eclipse Foundation project, the committer must fill out
this questionnaire and submit it to
the Eclipse Management Organization (EMO) for approval. In addition to the EMO, the
relevant PMC
must also provide a technical review and approval of the contribution. Follow the link to find out more about
what we mean by "significant contribution".
Bug fixes or minor enhancements do not require PMC or EMO approval.
"About" Templates:
This provides templates for the "about.html" ("About") files used to describe
EPL-licensed content.
Default Copyright and License Notice:
The standard copyright and license notice should appear in all source files where possible.
Variations on this notice may be required (for example where a license other than
the EPL governs the use of the file).
IP Logs:
An IP Log is a record of the intellectual property contributions to a project. This includes such as a list of all committers, past and present, that have worked on the code and (especially) those who have made contributions to the current code base.
New Committer Process:
The process for project leads and PMC members to add additional
committers to an existing project.
About Us
Annual Report
Foundation
Governance
Legal Resources
Contact Us
ECA
Sign
Validation Tool
EPL-2.0
Plain HTML
Plain Text
PDF
FAQ
EPL-1.0
Plain HTML
Plain Text
FAQ
Licenses
Approved 3rd Party
Non Approved
Docs & examples
Back to the top