https://www.expiry.com/policies/privacy-statement/
Web Hosting
Overview
cPanel Shared Hosting
Managed Hosting
Reseller Accounts
Product Addons
Build Your Website
WordPress
Joomla
eCommerce solutions
Installatron
Domain Registration
Domain Name Registrations
Domain Transfers
Domain Renewal
Domain WHOIS Protection
Domain Laws
Support
Announcements
Downloads
Knowledgebase
Our Server Status
Submit Ticket
members
PoliciesRegistration Agreement
Refund Policy
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Service Level Agreement
Privacy Statement
Show Menu
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Expiry knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By visiting any of the sites offered by Expiry Corporation, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. For questions on the Privacy Notice please contact info@expiry.com.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Expiry Gather?
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, providing our services (e.g., domain name registration, DNS hosting), and communicating with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our sites. Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) click stream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. Besides using the information as described above, Expiry utilizes cookies to control the flow of the ordering processes by maintaining the state of your online transactions.
Does Expiry Share the Information It Receives?
Yes, we do share information but only as described below. Otherwise we will not provide your personal information without your consent.
WHOIS:
We are required by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”), the organization that assumes responsibility for domain name allocation, to collect information about you during the domain name registration process. This information includes your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number. ICANN then requires all registrars to make your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and, where provided, your facsimile number, as well as the creation and expiration dates of your domain name registration and the name server information associated with your domain name, to the public via an interactive Web page and a “port 43” WHOIS service. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice we will refer to this information as your “WHOIS Information.” Please note that we may not be able to control how members of the public may use the WHOIS Information.
Business Transfer:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or their assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, if Expiry Corporation or any of its assets were ever to be acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Compliance:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Services Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Expiry, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Expiry News and Updates:
We will use the contact information you provide to contact you with news and specials by email, fax, and mail. Instructions for removal are always indicated on the document. We do not sell our customer list to others.
How Secure Is The Information I Provide?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input and the information we may send to our agents.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?
Expiry gives you access to certain information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. To view or change this information, log-in to your account. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Links
Sites provided by Expiry contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Children
Expiry does not sell services for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use our services only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Expiry, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington and the province of British Columbia. If you have any concern about privacy at Expiry, please send us a thorough description to info@expiry.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.