http://www.asetek.com/privacy-policy
Website Privacy Policy
Website PrivacyOnline identifiers such as internet protocol addresses, cookie identifiers or other identifiers can be used to gather information about natural persons, as mentioned in the EU General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR. This may in some cases leave traces which, when combined with unique identifiers and other information received, may be used to create profiles of the natural persons and identify them.
Not all cookies can be used to identify users, but the majority will be subject to the GDPR.
Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Asetek collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Asetek’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Asetek’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Asetek may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Asetek also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Asetek does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Asetek’s websites choose to interact with Asetek in ways that require Asetek to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Asetek gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Asetek does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsAsetek discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Asetek’s behalf or to provide services available at Asetek’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Asetek’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Asetek will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Asetek discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Asetek believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Asetek, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Asetek website and have supplied your email address, Asetek may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Asetek and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Asetek takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Asetek uses cookies to help Asetek identify and track visitors, their usage of Asetek website, and their website access preferences. Asetek visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Asetek websites, with the drawback that certain features of Asetek websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Read our cookie policy here.Website Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Asetek may change its Website Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Asetek sole discretion. Asetek encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Website Privacy Policy. Continued use of this site after any change in this Website Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Local and MarketingMarketing cookies is used to track visitors on our webpage. It enables Asetek to display more relevant ads for the engaged user, and thus more valuable for the publisher and advertiser.
Google Analytics primarily uses first-party cookies to report visitors (also called "users") interactions on Google Analytics customers websites. As a user, you can disable cookies or delete a particular cookie.
Google Analytics also supports an optional browser extension, which - when installed and enabled – disables Google Analytics measurement on all sites visited by the user. Note! This add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Expires
Fr
.facebook
Used by Facebook on ads and realtime interactions and realtime ads
3 months
bscookie
.linkedin.com
Used when a webpage displays "follow us on LinkedIn"
2 years
UserMatchHistory
.ads.linkedin.com
Used to track the user and the usage of LinkedIn services
6 months
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Used by Google DoubleClick for re-target,reporting and online ads.
1 year
cookieWarning
.asetek.com
Used to check for cookieWarning
Session
_gat
.asetek.com
Google Analytics tracking
1 minute
_git
.asetek.com
Google Analytics tracking
24 hours
_ga
.asetek.com
Google Analytics tracking
2 years
_gac <id>
.asetek.com
Google Adwords Campaign tracking
90 days
_utmb
.asetek.com
Google Analytics tracking, used to determine new sessions/visits
30 mi
_utmt
.asetek.com
Google Analytics tracking, used to throttle request rate
10 min
_utmz
.asetek.com
Stores traffic sources or campaign that explains how the user reached the site
6 months
_utmc
.asetek.com
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js
End of session
_umta
.asetek.com
Used to distinguish users and sessions
2 years
ASP.NET_sessionId
.asetek.com
Used to maintain an anonymized user session by the server
Undefined
clear
Important Cookie Information - this message will appear only once - Dismiss
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies and by continuing to use the site you agree that we can save them on your device. Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer and which remember your preferences/some details of your visit. Our cookies don’t collect personal information.For more information, please read our updated privacy and cookie policy, which also explains how to disable cookies if you wish to.