http://www.adifo.com/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This is the privacy policy of the websites of Adifo NV, www.adifo.be and www.adifo.com, (“Adifo” or “we”). Adifo is a public limited liability company incorporated under Belgian law, whose registered office is established at 9990 Maldegem, Industrielaan 11B, Belgium (VAT BE 0450.878.962).
This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the personal data that Adifo collects through its websites, to explain why we collect this data and to explain how we deal with your data.
The privacy policy can be modified, e.g. as a result of new functionalities of the Adifo websites that requires the processing of personal data. We thus advise you to check this privacy policy regularly. Any major changes will be announced on our homepage.
The privacy policy should be read together with Adifo’s cookie policy, which is available here at the bottom of this page.
Present version of the privacy policy was modified on May 4th, 2018.
1. When does this Privacy and Cookie Policy apply?
The Privacy and Cookie Policy is applicable to the processing of all personal data of Users through the Website by Adifo.
2. Who is responsible for your personal data?
Adifo is the party responsible for the processing of your personal data. This means that Adifo determines for what purposes your personal data will be processed and which means will be used to process your personal data.
Adifo has appointed a dedicated person who will be your point of contact for any questions or requests regarding the processing of your personal data. The contact details of this dedicated person can be found under point [12] of this privacy policy.
3. Which personal data do we process about you?
We only collect your personal data in two ways.
3.1 Information provided by you
We receive your information if you decide to share it with us through different means:
If you contact us through the contact form on our websites.
If you sign up for our newsletter.
If you request information about our products.
If you submit your job application and use our online job application platform.
If you provide us with your contact details during a trade show.
If you get in touch with us via e-mail or by telephone.
In these cases, we usually receive information such as your first name, your last name, your e-mail address, your company’s name, the department you work for, the industry in which you are active, the country in which you live and your phone number.
3.2 Automatically obtained information
When you browse our websites, we receive data from cookie providers about your activity on our websites such as the time and duration of your visit, the webpages you visited before and after using our websites, your IP address, the pages you visit, the browser you use, geographical data such as your location.
We do this by using cookies. More information on the use of cookies by Adifo can be found in our cookie policy at the bottom of this page.
4. What is the legal ground for processing your personal data?
Adifo processes your personal data for various purposes, which are further explained below. Regarding the processing of your personal data, Adifo always relies on:
The consent that you expressed, e.g. by ticking a box to this effect during your navigation on our websites, or via another positive action from which your consent is inferred, e.g. by choosing to contact us via the contact form. In this case, you have the right to withdraw your consent for the future at all time;
On another legal basis laid down by law: for example, if the collection of data is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or if processing is necessary for the fulfilment of a legal obligation to which Adifo is subject.
In some cases, the processing of your data may also be necessary in relation to a legitimate interest of Adifo.
5. For which purposes do we process your personal data?
5.1 For the technical and functional management and analysis of the websites
We process personal data for the technical and functional management of our websites, in order to personalise the websites and to ensure that the websites is easy to use.
For this purpose we can process data such as your IP address, the pages you visit, the browser you use, the websites you visited earlier, geographical data such as your location, your preferred language and the time and duration of your visit. We do this e.g. by using cookies (see also our cookie policy at [Link to cookie policy]).
Depending on the individual case, these data are processed on the basis of your unambiguous consent or on the basis of Adifo’s legitimate interest in improving its websites and protecting it against cyber-attacks.
5.2 In order to respond to your requests and to keep you informed
We may contact you for direct marketing purposes. This includes sending you information we think you might like or marketing communications relating to our business by mail, e-mail or other means and sending you marketing communications relating to our business.
For this, we process your name, your contact details and the information we collect on our websites.
Depending on the individual case, these data are processed on the basis of your unambiguous consent, on the basis of the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or on the basis of your request to take steps prior to entering into a contract.
If you have previously sent us a request to e.g. receive our newsletter or if you have previously ordered a product, we will keep you informed of information about our products. In every e-mail we send you, we give you the opportunity to unsubscribe, but you can also contact us at any time for more information (see point 11 of the privacy policy in connection with your right to object).
5.3 To answer your questions
If you get in touch with us via the contact form on our websites, via e-mail or via telephone, we will use your personal data in order to reply and answer your question.
For this purpose, we process your first name, your last name, your e-mail address, your company’s name, the department you work for, the industry in which you are active, the country in which you live and your phone number. Furthermore we process your correspondence with Adifo about your question and all other personal data you provide to us and which are necessary to answer your question.
Depending on the individual case, these data are processed on the basis of your request to take steps prior to entering a contract, on the basis of the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or on the basis of Adifo’s legitimate interest in informing you about its activities.
6. Who has access to your personal data?
Adifo is selective in the parties to whom it discloses your personal data and chooses them carefully. In all cases, we will ensure that sufficient safeguards for the protection and confidentiality of your data are in place.
Adifo can share your personal data with other companies associated with Adifo. In addition, Adifo calls upon third parties to perform certain (processing) activities, such as the hosting of the websites. Personal data are not provided to other parties, unless this should be required by law or a court order.
If these parties have access to personal data for the services they provide, Adifo has taken the necessary contractual and organisational measures to ensure that the data are only processed insofar as necessary to perform the services.
In the following cases, we may share your personal data with third parties:
IT service providers that provide technical support.
Attorneys and external advisors: in certain cases Adifo may transfer your personal data to attorneys and external advisors if this is necessary to give us advice or to defend our rights.
Supervisory authorities in case of a lawful request.
Possible acquirers of Adifo in the unlikely event that (a part of) our activities would be taken over by a third party.
7. Does Adifo process your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA)?
Adifo keeps almost all your personal data in the EEA. Some data handled by our processor Hubspot may be stored on servers in the United States. In this respect, Adifo is committed to always ensuring an adequate and sufficient level of protection for your data. In particular, Hubspot is EU-US Privacy Shield certified. Moreover, if needed, Adifo will make sure that it can rely on a an adequacy decision under article 45 GDPR, by concluding standard contractual clauses under article 46.2 GDPR or via any other appropriate safeguard.
If you have any questions or would like to receive more information about the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA, you can send a dated and signed request to Adifo NV, Industrielaan 11B, 9990 Maldegem, Belgium.
8. What about links to other websites and social media?
The websites of Adifo can contain references (e.g. via hyperlinks) to other websites, which are offered by other companies or by social media. Adifo is not responsible for the processing of personal data via these websites. Nor does this privacy policy apply to these websites. Adifo advises you to check the privacy policies of these social media.
If you share content from the Adifo websites via social media, your personal data will be visible for the visitors of these social media. Adifo is not responsible for the processing of personal data via these social media. Nor does this privacy policy apply to these social media.
9. How do we protect your personal data?
Adifo strives to protect your personal data as well as possible by means of technical and organisational measures, such as firewalls and secured servers that may only be accessed by a limited number of persons holding special access rights and who undertake to respect and maintain its confidential nature.
10. How long do we keep your personal data?
Adifo will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. In general, Adifo will delete your personal data from our systems after 4 years, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
11. What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
Under the GDPR, you have a number of rights with regard to your personal data. Some of these rights have a very specific scope or are subject to special conditions or exceptions. The scope of your rights is explained below.
You can send the requests to exercise your rights by e-mail to privacy@adifo.com or by post to the address as specified in section 12 of this privacy policy. Please note that Adifo cannot process your request without proof of your identity.
11.1 Right of access (article 15 GDPR)
This means e.g. that you can ask us whether or not we process your personal data and for what purposes we do this.
11.2 Right to rectification (article 16 GDPR)
You also have a right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data.
11.3 Right to erasure (article 17 GDPR)
In some cases, we are obliged to erase your personal data, e.g. when personal data is no longer required for the purposes for which we have collected it or when the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
11.4 Right to restriction of processing (article 18 GDPR)
You may request a restriction of your personal data, e.g. if you dispute the accuracy of your personal data. A restriction of the processing means that we may only store your data temporarily, except in case you nevertheless consent to the processing of your data, in the context of legal proceedings or in the public interest.
11.5 Right to data portability (article 20 GDPR)
In certain cases, you can ask us to transfer your data to yourself or to another controller (if this is technically possible).
11.6 Right to object (article 21 GDPR)
In general: If the processing of your personal data is based on Adifo’s legitimate interest, you can inform us of the particular reasons why you wish to object to the particular processing activity. If these reasons outweigh our legitimate interests, we will stop the processing activity.
In the context of direct marketing: If we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you can always ask us to stop processing your personal data without you having to provide a special reason.
11.7 Right not to be subject to profiling (article 22 GDPR)
Adifo will not process your personal data for profiling purposes.
11.8 Right to withdraw your consent at any time
If the processing of your data is based on your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without this affecting the legitimacy of the processing done prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
11.9 Right to lodge a complaint
In accordance with article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of an alleged infringement of the GDPR. The Belgian Data Protection Authority is the supervisory authority for Belgium and can be contacted at commission@privacycommission.be.
12. Who can you contact in order to exercise your rights?
If you have any further questions about the processing of your personal data, about Adifo’s websites or about this privacy policy, you can always contact us:
Via the contact form available on our websites (https://info.adifo.com/en/contact)
By e-mail via privacy@adifo.com
By mail to:
Adifo
Industrielaan 11B
9990 Maldegem
BELGIUM
TERMS OF USE
The consultation of this site resorts under our conditions for use and under all applicable laws. By visiting and consulting this site you hereby accept the conditions for use, as stated below, without limitation or exclusion.
1. Copyright notice
The content of this site is copyright protected and these copyrights refer to Adifo or its suppliers and partners. All rights reserved. No information on this site (among which, but not exclusively, text, presentations, illustrations, pictures and sound) may be copied, transferred, distributed or saved without prior written permission of Adifo unless stated otherwise. Modifications of the content of the site are strictly forbidden. Parts of the site contain illustrations that are explicitly part of the copyrights of the suppliers.
2. No guarantee or responsibility
For the information shown on this site, no rights or claims can be attributed what so ever. Adifo is not responsible for the information on sites you visit through this site. Links are offered as a service, which does not mean that Adifo is responsible for the content of these sites. Besides, it is your own responsibility to check whether or not these sites contain viruses and other things with a damaging character. We can modify any information on this site without prior announcement or agreement.
3. Remarks, questions and suggestions
Adifo does not wish to receive any strictly confidential or reserved information through this site. All information received by you (suggestions, ideas and other) will be considered as non-confidential and public, except for the above privacy policy concerning your personal information. By sending materials to Adifo you give them the unlimited, irrevocable right to use, show, modify, process and distribute this information and to legally register this information; Adifo also has the right to freely apply ideas and techniques you send us. Adifo has designed this site with the utmost care. Adifo is available for suggestions or comments. Possible complaints regarding certain texts or illustrations can also be announced.
4. In General
Adifo is free to modify these conditions for use by publishing them again on this site. The conditions for use are made up and resort under the legal country of settlement of Adifo, Belgium and all disputes will resort under the Belgian jurisdiction. In case of invalidity or infeasibility of a certain part of these conditions for use according to a court with adequate jurisdiction, the involved part of the conditions for use will be considered to be expired, while the remaining stipulations of these conditions for use will be legally considered to remain in effect.
Download our Privacy Policy
brands.
industries.
integrations.
contact info.
Industrielaan 11B
9990 Maldegem, Belgium
+32 50 303 211
contact us
Sign-up to our newsletter
support & helpdesk.
BESTMIX: +32 50 303 201
MILAS: +32 50 303 200
Go to our customer portal