https://www.alegeus.com/privacy-policy-2/
Looking for something?
Privacy policy
We recognize and respect the privacy expectations of today’s consumers and the requirements of applicable federal and state privacy laws. We believe that making you aware of how we use your non-public personal Information (“Personal Information”), and to whom it is disclosed, will form the basis for a relationship of trust between us and the public that we serve. This Privacy Statement provides that explanation. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time consistent with applicable privacy laws.
In the course of our business, we may collect Personal Information about you from the following sources:
From applications or other forms we receive from you or your authorized representative
From your transactions with, or from the services performed by, us, our affiliates, or others
From our internet web sites
From the public records maintained by governmental entities that we either obtain directly from those entities, or from our affiliates or others
From consumer or other reporting agencies
Our Policies Regarding the Protection of the Confidentiality and Security of Your Personal Information
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access or intrusion. We limit access to the Personal Information only to those employees, contractors and agents who need such access in connection with providing products or services to you or for other legitimate business purposes. We will at all times comply with all laws and regulations to which we are subject regarding the collection, use and disclosure of individually identifiable Information.
Our Policies and Practices Regarding the Sharing of Your Personal Information
We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates. We also may disclose your Personal Information to:
Agents, brokers or representatives to provide you with services you have requested
Third-party contractors or service providers who provide services or perform marketing or other functions on our behalf
Governmental entities to meet our legal requirements connected to the collection, retention and disclosure of individually identifiable
Information, such as tax reporting or identification of money laundering
Law enforcement in connection with investigations, or civil or criminal subpoenas or court orders
In addition, we will disclose your Personal Information when you direct or give us permission, when we are required by law to do so, or when we suspect fraudulent or criminal activities. We also may disclose your Personal Information when otherwise permitted by applicable privacy laws such as, for example, when disclosure is needed to enforce our rights arising out of any agreement, transaction or relationship with you.
Certain states afford you the right to access your Personal Information and, under certain circumstances, to find out to whom your Personal Information has been disclosed. Also, certain states and the Safe Harbor principles afford you the right to request correction, amendment or deletion of your Personal Information. We reserve the right, where permitted by law, to charge a reasonable fee to cover the costs incurred in responding to such requests.
All requests must be made in writing to the following address:
1601 Trapelo Road
Main Building, 3rd Floor, Suite 301
Waltham, MA 02451
Waltham, MA 02451
Sales: (888) 852-6334
Orlando Office
101 Southhall Lane Suite 400Maitland, FL 32751
Milwaukee Office
10100 W Innovation Drive Suite 150Wauwatosa, WI 53226
Get to know us:
About us
Consumer-directed healthcare
COBRA
Newsroom
Careers
Learn more:
Blog
Webinars
Infographics
Research reports
Videos
See all insights
Alegeus University
Get engaged:
Contact us
Request a demo
Subscribe
Copyright © 2020 Alegeus
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to optimize site functionality and give you the best possible experience.Sounds good!