https://www.asuni.com/legal/
Legal information
Legal notice | Limitation of liability | Intellectual and industrial property | Cookie policy | Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Access to this website is entirely voluntary and confers the status of user on whomsoever enters the site. By accessing this website you accept fully and without limitation or qualification the legal policy set forth in the following General Terms and Conditions.
By accessing and using the website, the user acknowledges, understands and agrees that the data and information on products and services and any other data and information contained therein, appear solely and exclusively for informative purposes, and that at any moment they may contain errors, inaccuracies or not be up-to-date.
Asuni CAD, S.A. (hereinafter referred to as Asuni) reserves the right at any time and without notice to temporarily suspend or permanently cancel access to its website due to the need to carry out maintenance, repair, update or improvement operations. Likewise, Asuni reserves the unilateral right to modify the access conditions to its website and to the contents therein.
Limitation of liability
To the extent permitted by law, Asuni makes no warranty, representation or guarantee that its website or the information, software, materials or programs contained therein will function correctly.
Both access to and use of the website and the information, software, materials or products it contains are the exclusive liability of the user. Asuni shall not be liable for any losses or damages whatsoever, either direct or indirect, that may derive from the interruption or lack of continuity of the website, access to it and use of the information therein, or the possible damages that may be caused to the user’s computer system, files or documents stored in this system, as a result of the presence of a virus in the computer the user has used to connect to Asuni’s website, or for the incorrect functioning of the browser or the use of versions of the browser that are out of date.
Intellectual and industrial property
The user promises to use the website and its contents without contravening the current Spanish law or the principle of good faith. Likewise, it is forbidden to use the website for illicit or injurious purposes against Asuni or any third person or in any form that may prejudice or stop the normal functioning of this website.
The contents of the website (files, texts, graphs, sound files, images, photographs, etc.) are protected by Spanish laws and international intellectual and industrial copyright agreements. In no case does the supply of contents or access to this website imply the waiver, transmission or total or partial assignment of the said rights, or confer any right whatsoever for the use, modification, exploitation, reproduction, distribution, transformation or public communication on the said contents without prior and express authorization from Asuni.
You may view and obtain a personal, non-commercial backup copy of these contents as long as (i) this right is exercised in accordance with the principle of good faith, (ii) in all cases, the contents remain unchanged, (iii) in any possible personal backup copy the “copyright” appears as well as other data identifying Asuni’s rights, and (iv) this copy remains exclusively for the user’s own personal, non-commercial use. © Asuni CAD, S.A., 2020. All rights reserved
Cookie policy
We wish to inform you that our website uses cookies to analyze user browsing. Cookies are files that are installed on the computer from which you are accessing our website, and their purpose is explained in this section.
The application we use to obtain and analyze browsing information is Google Analytics. This application, developed by Google, provides us with an analysis of our page’s viewers. Google may also use this data in the development of its own services and those it offers to other businesses. You can read more about these other uses at the link cited.
This tool does not obtain data from the first or last names of users or the address from which they are connecting. The information obtained is derived from such things as the number of page visits, the language, the social network in which our news is published, the city that is assigned to the IP address from which users are accessing, the number of users that visit us, the frequency and reoccurrence of the visits, the time of visit, the browser being used, the operator or terminal type from which one visits.
We use this information to improve our site, to identify new needs and assess improvements to be made with the ultimate aim of providing better services to the users who visit us.
To permit, get informed about, block or delete the cookies that have been installed on your computer you can change the options of your computer’s browser.
Find information here on how to do so in the case that you use the browser:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Opera
Privacy Policy
Updated: May 23, 2018
This Privacy Policy applies to the Asuni Soft websites and any features and online services provided by Asuni Soft that post or include a link to this Privacy Policy.
1. Information we collect
Identifying Information
When you download we collect certain personal information from you that can be used to identify you, including any information that we deem necessary to provide you with our Service or which you may provide to us voluntarily. The information we collect from you, to the extent that it is private, is disclosed only in accordance with our Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy.
Non-identifying information
Whenever you visit our Site, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, this information alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
2. What we do with your information
Keep it confidential.
Improve this website so that it better fits your needs.
Improve our products so that they better fit your needs.
Build an electronic newsletter subscription list so that we can notify subscribers of update information on our products (and related products), support, training, and events.
3. What we do NOT do with your information
Sell or provide your information to anyone outside this organization.
Provide your information to our resellers, distributors
4. Access to information
You have the right to request access to the information we have on you. You can do this by contacting us at contact@asuni.com. We will make sure to provide you with a copy of the data we process about you in less tan one month. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will fulfil your request by sending your copy electronically. For any subsequent access request, we may charge you with an administrative fee.
5. Information correction & deletion
You have the right to rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Services. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the information at Section 7 below and specify which right you intend to exercise. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we store information as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use the information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
6. Security measures
We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Service, as it is in our interest to do so. However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information. It is in our interest to keep our websites secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.
7. Contact for additional information, opting out, data Access and correction
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, or you wish to exercise your opt-out rights hereunder or access or correct data applicable to you, please contact us:
By email: contact@asuni.com
By mail:
Data Protection Officer
Asuni Soft S.L.
Roger de Flor, 32-34, bajos
08018 Barcelona (Spain)
8. Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will update this page accordingly. You must read this page each time you use our Service, and your continued use of our Service shall constitute your acceptance of any such amendments.
CookiesWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies in order to have the best possible experience on our website. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a detailed consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
marketing
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
performance
performance
Performance cookies are cookies used specifically for gathering data on how visitors use a website, which pages of a website are visited most often, or if they get error messages on web pages. These cookies monitor only the performance of the site as the user interacts with it. These cookies don’t collect identifiable information on visitors, which means all the data collected is anonymous and only used to improve the functionality of a website.
Save & Accept