http://www.computercablestore.com/conditions-of-use
Help
Contact us Mon-Fri 8:30am-5pm EST.
800-626-6622
Live Chat
Contact us
Account
Sign in
New Customer Create Account
Account
Orders
Wishlist
(0)
0
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Computer Cable Store
Categories
shop by brand
shop by savings
Welcome, Please Sign In!
Shop by Category
Audio / Video
PC Cables
Fiber Optic
Networking
Bulk Cable
Cabinets & Accessories
Adapters & Couplers
Connectors & Hardware
Account and Settings
Sign in
Create Account
Main Menu
Audio / Video Cables
3.5mm Audio Cables
Component (RCA) Cables
Composite (RCA) Cables
Coaxial (CATV) Cables
Digital Audio Cables
DisplayPort Cables
DVI Cables
HD-SDI Video Cables
HDMI Cables
S-Video Cables
XLR Cables
All Audio / Video Cables
Audio / Video Adapters
3.5MM Adapters
DisplayPort
DVI Adapters
HDMI Adapters
RCA (Composite) Adapters
SUN/SGI (13W3) Video Adapters
TOS Link Adapters
VGA / SVGA Adapters
All Audio / Video Adapters
Integration Components
Converters
Extenders
PC to TV
RF Modulators
Splitters
Switches
All Integration Components
Mounting Solutions
TV Wall Mounts
Monitor Desk Mounts
All Mounting Solutions
Main Menu
Cat5e Patch Cables
Cat5e Patch Cables - Crossover
Cat5e Patch Cables - Molded Snagless Boot
Cat5e Patch Cables - Non-Booted
All Cat5e Patch Cables
Cat6 Patch Cables
Cat6 Patch Cables - Non-Booted
Cat6 Patch Cables - Molded Snagless Boot
Mini Cat6 Patch Cables
All Cat6 Patch Cables
Cat6a Patch Cables
Cat6a Shielded Patch Cables - Molded
All Cat6a Patch Cables
Coaxial Cables
RG58 Coaxial Cables
RG59 Coaxial Cables
RG6 Coaxial Cables
All Coaxial Cables
TelCo
Telco Trunk Cables
TelCo Wiring Blocks
All TelCo
Monitor Cables
DisplayPort Cables
DVI Cables
HDMI Cables
SVGA Monitor Cables
VGA Monitor Cables
All Monitor Cables
Power Cables
Power Cables - International
Power Cables - USA
All Power Cables
USB Cables
USB 2.0 Cables
USB 3.0 Cables
USB 3.1 Cables
All USB Cables
Main Menu
Media Converters
Fast Ethernet Media Converters
Gigabit Ethernet Media Converters
WDM Fiber Media Converters
Industrial Media Converters
Gigabit+PoE Media Converters
10 Gigabit Media Converters
All Media Converters
Fiber Optic Patch Cables
Mode Conditioning Cables
Multimode Fiber Optic Patch Cables
Singlemode Fiber Optic Patch Cables
All Fiber Optic Patch Cables
Fiber Optic Accessories
Fiber Optic Adapter Plates
Fiber Optic Adapters / Couplers
Fiber Optic Attenuators
Fiber Optic Connectors
Fiber Splice Trays
Rack Mount
Wall Mount
All Fiber Optic Accessories
Fiber Optic Testing
Fiber Optic Light Sources
Optical Length Testers
Optical Power Meters
Optical Test Kits
Replacement Universal Connectors
Visual Fault Locators
All Fiber Optic Testing
SFP Fiber Optic Modules
Multimode Fiber SFP
Singlemode Fiber SFP
Copper SFP
All SFP Fiber Optic Modules
Main Menu
Patch Panels
Blank Patch Panels
Cat6 Patch Panels
Cat5e Patch Panels
Coaxial Patch Panels
HDMI Patch Panels
All Patch Panels
Keystone Jacks
Coaxial Keystone Jacks
Cat5e Keystone Jacks
Cat6 Keystone Jacks
Cat6a Keystone Jacks
Fiber Optic Keystone Jacks
Other Keystone Jacks
RJ11/12 (Cat3) Keystone Jacks
SpeedTerm™ Keystone Jacks
All Keystone Jacks
Wall Plates
Keystone Faceplates
Decorex Faceplates & Inserts
Other Wall Plates and Faceplates
Stainless Steel Wall Plates
Wall Frame Caddies, Drywall Mounting Plates
All Wall Plates
Installation Accessories
Wire Pulling
Drill Bits
Tools
Drop-Over Cable Protectors
Firestop
J-Hooks
Raceway
SnakeTray
Surface Mount Boxes
All Installation Accessories
Cable Management
Security Seals and Ties
Cable Wraps and Sleeves
Cable Ties
Electrical Tape
Mounting
Velcro
All Cable Management
Main Menu
Cat5e Cable Bulk
Cat5e Cable - Solid CMX
Cat5e Cable - Solid Plenum
Cat5e Cable - Solid PVC
Cat5e Cable - Solid Shielded PVC
Cat5e Cable - Stranded PVC
Cat5e Cable - Stranded Shielded PVC
All Cat5e Cable Bulk
Cat6 Cable Bulk
Cat6 Cable - Solid CMX
Cat6 Cable - Solid, Plenum
Cat6 Cable - Solid, Riser
Cat6 Cable - Stranded, PVC
Cat6 Shielded Cable - Solid, Riser
Cat6 Shielded Cable - Stranded, PVC
All Cat6 Cable Bulk
Cat6a Cable Bulk
Cat6a Cable - Shielded, Plenum
Cat6a Cable - Plenum
Cat6a Cable - Riser
Cat6a Cable - Shielded, Riser
All Cat6a Cable Bulk
Bulk Audio/Video Cable
Bulk Speaker Cable
All Bulk Audio/Video Cable
Bulk Coaxial Cable
RG-59 Bulk Coaxial Cable
RG-6 Bulk Coaxial Cable
All Bulk Coaxial Cable
Bulk Fiber Optic Cable
Indoor / Outdoor Bulk Fiber Optic Cable
Indoor Bulk Fiber Optic Cable
All Bulk Fiber Optic Cable
Bulk Modular Telephone Cable
Bulk Silver Satin Cable
Bulk Cat3 Cable
Bulk Cross Connect Cable
All Bulk Modular Telephone Cable
Specialty & Other Bulk Cable
Bulk Sound and Security Cable
Miscellaneous Bulk Cable
All Specialty & Other Bulk Cable
Main Menu
Accessories
Filler Panels
Fans
Cable Organizers
Door Handles
Power
Rack Screws
Wall Mount Brackets
All Accessories
Enclosures
Home Theater
Security
Floor Standing Cabinets
Wall Mount Cabinets
All Enclosures
Open Frame Racks
2-Post Open Frame
4-Post Open Frame
Wall Mount Open Frame
Wall Mount Brackets
All Open Frame Racks
Shelves
Storage Drawers
19 Inch Sliding Shelf
19 Inch Specialty Shelf
19 Inch Stationary Shelf
All Shelves
Main Menu
Coaxial Cable Adapters
Coaxial Cable Splitters
Coaxial Couplers
Other Coaxial
All Coaxial Cable Adapters
Gender Changers
DB Style Gender Changers
HD Style Gender Changers
Keyboard Adapters
Other Gender Changers
All Gender Changers
Other Adapters & Couplers
RJ11/12, RJ45 Couplers
Modular Serial and Parallel Adapters
SCSI Adapters and Terminators
All Other Adapters & Couplers
USB Adapters
USB Hubs
USB Adapters
USB Converters
All USB Adapters
Main Menu
Coaxial Connectors
BNC Crimp Connectors
F-Type Crimp Connectors
All Coaxial Connectors
Compression Connectors
BNC Connectors
Compression Tools
F-Type Connectors
RCA Connectors
All Compression Connectors
D-Sub Connectors & Hoods
D-Sub Pins
Crimp Type D-Sub Connectors
Solder Type D-Sub Connectors
Hoods (Back Shells)
All D-Sub Connectors & Hoods
Modular Crimp Connectors
Cat6 8P8C Connectors
Cat5e 8P8C Connectors
RJ11 4P4C Connectors
RJ11 6P4C Modular Connectors
RJ12 6P6C Connectors
Other RJ45 Connectors
RJ45 Boots
All Modular Crimp Connectors
Home
>
Info Center
>
General Information
>
Conditions of use
Categories
Info Center
Articles
Help Center
General Information
How To
Glossary of Terms
Conditions of use
The Terms and Conditions in this section will govern all sales concerning ComputerCableStore.com unless otherwise agreed to in writing, signed ComputerCableStore.com in Quakertown, PA, by an authorized agent. Terms and Conditions contained in this section are as follows in each section. Customers agree to all the following terms and conditions listed below once a purchase is made. It is essential that each customer reads all of the following terms and conditions thoroughly. If you, as a customer, are unsure of any terms listed below, please call and speak with a customer service representative for clarification. The words are here to protect both the ComputerCableStore.com and its customers. The ComputerCableStore.com has the right to change and update the following terms and conditions at any time. It is recommended that you read the terms and conditions before placing an order. It is also the customer's responsibility to check for any revisions. ComputerCableStore.com will make revisions in this section from time to time. As they occur, we will indicate this revision as an Update to terms and date this revision for you to help save time. Note that the ComputerCableStore.com will not assume any responsibility for any damage to equipment, data, or other property resulting from the use of our products or services. The customer assumes all responsibility for each product purchased. It is recommended that the customer make sure that the product being purchase suit his or her application needs appropriately.
Shipping and Order Placement
All standard product orders that are received by 3:00 pm EST will be shipped the same day unless notified. Any orders received after 3:00 pm (EST) will be shipped the following business day. All orders placed with the ComputerCableStore.com will receive an order confirmation sent via e-mail. All customers with questions are encouraged to contact us. (Note: the online store is there for your convenience for 24-hour order placement.) Our customer service representatives are available Monday through Friday from 8:30 am till 5:00 pm ET. Since we ship via UPS, we are subject to their shipping schedules. You can check with us or UPS directly during holidays to see which days UPS is shipping packages. Orders shipped outside of the USA and Canada may incur a minimum of $5.00 handling fee. The ComputerCableStore.com reserves the right to ship from other locations if necessary, and the customer will be notified if shipping change takes place. All orders placed with the generic shipping cost of "Best Way Ground" will be charged the actual shipping cost. Shipping prices estimated by the ComputerCableStore.com are only estimates, and each customer will be billed the actual shipping cost. More Shipping Information
Tracking Orders
Returning customers may check the status of their UPS/FedEx package via our online package tracking system, which customers can access in the Your Account section of our online store. Tracking a package requires UPS/FedEx to scan the box and upload it into their system before any information is available. This information may not be available until the next business day.
Returns
The return time frame has changed from 120 days to 30 days from the invoice date of the order
Production (P-) and custom ordered items (domestic & overseas) are still non-returnable/non-cancelable unless they are defective – if wiring is provided by customer & product is made to these requirements but does not work for the customer may return for rework, the customer is responsible for return and reshipping freight as well as a rework charge (determined per order)
Returned items MUST be in resalable condition with the original packaging – if not there will be a restock charged up to 25%
Must have original packaging, test results, accessories included in return or there will be a restock charged
All returned items that are open or show any sign of use will be subject to a restocking fee.
Must not show any wear and tear, damage, dirt, etc. or have writing or labels on the products
All items returned and are not resalable will have no credit/refund given and may be sent back to the customer with being responsible for the freight cost.
Any order mistakes (a short ship or miss-ship) must be notified to us within 48 hours from the delivered date, or we will consider the order shipped complete and correct
All Manufacturer-specific items (3rd party) have specific return requirements – these will supersede all of our return policies
OWL (Optical Wavelength Lab) Products
Items are only eligible to be returned 24 hours from the delivered date
The return will be subject to restock of at least 25% minimum + return shipping unless there is a replacement order done at the same time that is either equal to or greater than previous order (shipping cost is still required)
Great Lakes
Items are only eligible for return 30 days from date of delivery with a 20% restock minimum (charged by GL)
Damages must be reported within 72 hours from delivery (noted with freight company upon delivery as well)
Electrical components (power strips, fans, blower units) have a one year warranty
ICC
Items are only eligible for return 30 days from date of delivery with a 20% restock fee minimum (larger items)
Only UNOPENED items will be accepted for return.
OCC (Optical Cable Corporation)
Items are only eligible for return 30 days from date of delivery
There is a 25% restock minimum charged (by OCC) unless an offsetting/replacement order is placed at the same time for an equal or greater dollar amount
Quest
Items are only eligible for return 30 days from date of delivery
There is a 25% restock minimum charged (by Quest)
Items must be undamaged and in original packaging
Cable Management (SnakeTray)
All return requests or order issues are available only 24 hours after the day of delivery
Restock of 25% minimum and return shipping
Platinum Tools
Items are only eligible for return 30 days from date of delivery
There is a 25% restock minimum charged (by Quest)
Items must be undamaged and in original packaging
Quabbin
Items are only eligible for return 30 days from date of delivery
There is a 25% restock minimum charged (by Quest)
Items must be undamaged and in original packaging
Any items returned that are not resalable may be returned to the customer with the freight being billed to them.
Processing Times: (Once the RMA is delivered to the warehouse)
Standard – 5-7 business days from the delivery date of RMA
Electronics (opened/unpackaged items that need testing) – 7-10 business days
All 3rd Party manufacturer returns may take up to an additional 14 days to process
*ComputerCableStore.com reserves the right to authorize product returns beyond the 30 days from the invoice date in some cases. If the product is accepted after the 30 days, there will be Store Credit issued toward Future purchases only. All Store Credits must be used within one calendar year of issue.
Back Orders
At the ComputerCableStore.com, we strive to stock every cable and cabling product listed on our web site, but from time to time, we do run out of stock. If this happens, an e-mail will be sent to you informing you of current inventory in house and when stock is due to our location to fill this order. At that time, it is your choice to continue with the current purchase or to cancel that order, balance, or item from your order. At the ComputerCableStore.com, it is our pleasure to serve you, our valued customer. We in no way want to inconvenience you.
Shortages or Wrong Item
At the ComputerCableStore.com, we strive to ship each order without any mistakes, but if a deficiency or wrong item should occur, you must report any problems within seven business days of receiving the order; otherwise, these orders will be considered complete.
Pricing
Pricing is subject to change without notice. The ComputerCableStore.com reserves the right to correct any typographical/pricing errors at any time.
Sales Taxes - Pennsylvania
Any orders shipped to or picked up in Pennsylvania are subject to a 6% sales tax and unless the Buyer provides a "PA Sales Exempt Certificate" when establishing their account. There will be a $5 fee for all tax refunds requested after shipping.
Sales Taxes - Other States
We currently collect sales tax in the following states:
CA
AZ
CA
CO
CT
FL
GA
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
MI
MN
NJ
NC
NV
OH
PA
SC
TN
TX
UT
VA
WA
WI
If you are tax exempt in any of these states, you may send us a copy of your tax-exempt certificate. Once received, we can flag your registered account for tax exemption. There will be a $5 fee for all tax refunds requested after shipping.
Payment Processing and Security
At the ComputerCableStore.com, payments can be made with Credit Cards; we accept Visa, Master Card, American Express, and Discover. At the ComputerCableStore.com, we take every precaution to protect our users' personal information and to store it securely. We protect your credit card information and other personal information by using 256-bit Extended Validation (EV) SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology (the industry-standard security protocol), hosting our site on secure servers, and maintaining Secure Site status from GeoTrust. Look for the green bar! By adding a green logo or turning the entire address bar green, you'll be able to quickly confirm that ComputerCableStore.com is secured using the latest SSL practices. Not only is the checkout secured using 256 bit SSL, but ComputerCableStore.com ensures that your entire shopping experience is secure by using 256 bit SSL from GeoTrust on-site as the whole. We also have a daily PCI Compliance scan done to our full website to ensure that we are protecting your information 24/7! We use E-Commerce Exchange (Powered by Authorize.net) to process your credit card information. We require only the personal information that is needed for safely processing your online order and for contacting you about your transactions, if necessary. It is used exclusively for that purpose. Your information is securely stored behind a firewall that protects it from users from other networks. It is vital that once you create a Customer ID and password that you keep it private to prevent fraud. ComputerCableStore.com will not assume responsibility for circumstances beyond our control.
Order Cancellations
You can cancel your order with the ComputerCableStore.com by sending an email to customerservice@ComputerCableStore.com by 2:00 pm ET the day you place the order. Please write "Order Cancellation," followed by your Order Number found in the confirmation email, which is sent to you shortly after you place your order. Custom cables orders may not be canceled after 12 hours of placing the order. If you need to cancel or make a change to custom order, you must call this request in and speak with a customer service representative at our location within this 12-hour window. If you can not reach a live person, you can leave a message in the customer service voice mail stating your request. (Note: all voice mail messages are time and date stamped by our voice mail system.) Since custom cable orders are usually precise and are generally for a specific customer application, we cannot accept any cancellation. Customers will be charged for the entire order amount.
Privacy
To purchase from ComputerCableStore.com, a customer must first go through our customer registration page or complete this process at the end of their first order. Customers should know that ComputerCableStore.com will not pass your registration information to any other parties, nor will we send unwanted "sales" emails or faxes (known as spam). E-mail is the primary means of communicating with ComputerCableStore.com. Your e-mail address is where your invoices, confirmations, and any other order information will be sent.
Warranty
We do warranty all computer cables for their lifetime use from the date of purchase; this warranty entails that all cables will be defect-free and in excellent working condition upon arrival without any flaws to materials or quality to each customer. If for any reason, you suspect a problem with our products, you must report them to us at customerservice@computercablestore.com within seven business days. Otherwise, we will assume the product arrived without any flaws in materials or quality. The warranty is void if the product has abnormal wear and tear due to any other distress caused by misuse. Any alteration to the cables or products that the ComputerCableStore.com sells automatic voids any warranty related to each product. Upon failure of the cable/product baring any misuse, the cable will be replaced promptly. Cable replacement will be provided, but no credit will be issued for warranty claims exceeding seven business days.
Order Updates
Throughout the order process, the purchaser will receive multiple emails regarding the status of their order, stock notifications, shipping information, order completion, review requests. These emails are not part of Computer Cable Store's newsletters and can not be opt-out.
E-mail Newsletters
If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask for contact information (such as name and e-mail address information). We use this information in the same manner as we use the contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our newsletters can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletter or by calling our customer service department at 1-800-626-6622.
Removal From ComputerCableStore.com Lists
You may receive periodic emails or postal mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive e-mail or postal mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling our Customer Service Department at 1-800-626-6622 or by sending us an email at customerservice@computercablestore.com. Under no circumstances does the ComputerCableStore.com rent, sell or otherwise forward your name or other personal information to other companies.
Disclaimer
At the ComputerCableStore.com, we do our best to ensure all data is current and up to date on our web site, however, ComputerCableStore.com assumes no responsibility for inaccurate or out-of-date information within our website. At the ComputerCableStore.com we also strive to offer the best products and services at affordable prices, but ComputerCableStore.com will not assume responsibility for any damage to equipment, data or other property resulting from the use of our products or services beyond the price of products purchased from ComputerCableStore.com. ComputerCableStore.com also reserves the right to revise its policies at any time.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If at our request, you send individual-specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without an offer from us you submit creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation, (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any rights of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
Trademarks
All trademarks referenced in this web site are the property of the respective manufacturer.
Changing Account Information
If, for any reason, you need to change your account information, simply login to your account at the ComputerCableStore.com and use the feature in this part of the site to correct your account information. You can also send a request to customerservice@computercablestore.com.
Back to top
Information
Search
About Us
News
New products
Sitemap
Contact
Contact us
Conditions of use
Privacy policy
Shipping & Returns
Account
Account
Cart
Wishlist
Recently Viewed
Compare products
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
YouTube
Copyright © 2020 Computer Cable Store. All rights reserved.