http://www.amplituderesearch.com/privacypolicy.shtml
Articles |
News |
Contact Us |
Get a QuoteCall Today for a FREE ConsultationToll-free: 1-877-225-7950
Home
About Us
About Our Survey Company
Company Experience
Company Testimonials
Executive Team
Omnibus Surveys
Data Security
Job Opportunities
Survey Hosting
Survey Hosting
Online Research Surveys
Online Survey Services
Market Research Software
Survey Solutions
Website Surveys
Professional Services
Survey Design
Web Survey Administration
Survey Reporting
Mail Surveys
Telephone Surveys
Statistical Consulting
Choice Based Conjoint
Field Research
Proxy Services
Market Research
Market Research Surveys
Online Market Research
Consumer Market Research
B2B Market Research
Technology Market Research
Marketing Surveys
International Market Research
Market Research Firm
Customer Surveys
Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Customer Feedback Surveys
Customer Loyalty Surveys
Online Customer Surveys
Consumer Surveys
Bank Customer Surveys
Patient Satisfaction Surveys
Alumni Surveys
Student Teacher Evaluations
Employee Surveys
Job Satisfaction Surveys
Online Employee Surveys
Employee Engagement Surveys
Employee Benefits Surveys
Employee Survey Questions
For all of your survey and market research needs
Information for Website Visitors  •  Use of Contact Information  •  Protections for Survey Panelists
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit one of our websites, request a quote, register for our online survey panels, participate in an online survey as a panelist of our company or an outside panel provider, or participate in an online survey as a customer, employee, alumni, member, or other stakeholder of a client of our company in a survey that we administer (a "client survey"). Any personal data obtained by Amplitude, whether through data collection or client-provided information, is processed in a manner which ensures appropriate security and confidentiality of the personal data, including the prevention of unauthorized access to or use of personal data and the equipment used for processing.
To facilitate such protections, Amplitude has adopted a Written Information Security Plan ("WISP") for its employees and services providers, respectively, which is available to all Amplitude clients upon request.
A. Website Visitors
When you visit our website, we may collect information about your Internet domain, type of browser, operating system, referral site, keyword, landing page, date and time of your visit, length of visit, and other profiling information. We use this information primarily to learn about the number of people who visit our site, the technology used, pages visited, search terms used, and other similar information, to assist in developing changes to our website, and for business planning purposes. We may also use trusted third-party services such as Google Analytics to track this information on our behalf. Visiting our site does not by itself result in collection of your email address or other personal data.
B. Quote Requests
If you contact us for a quote or request additional information via email, website contact form, phone call, or other method, your personal contact information (such as name, phone number, company name, address, etc.) will become available to us. Such information would be used only for the limited purpose for which it was provided (e.g., responding to the request for a brochure, return call or quote).
In no event, will we disclose such information to a third party without your express prior consent, except as set forth in Paragraph D below.
C. Panelist Participation
If you register for one of our survey panels, or participate in an update questionnaire, as part of that process you would provide us with personal information including your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. Your information may also be updated by answering demographic and/or profiling questions incorporated into questionnaires that we administer. We use this information to match your demographics and profile with different types of surveys that we administer for our own purposes, administer on behalf of our clients, and/or administer for clients of other organizations requiring online survey participants. Information you provide will not be used for unrelated, non-research purposes such as direct marketing, non-consent list generation, credit rating, push polling, fund-raising or other intrusive marketing or political activities. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN PARAGRAPH D BELOW AND IN THIS SECTION C, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to share for any business purpose AGGREGATE demographic, profiling, or other information we collect as long as such disclosure preserves your individual anonymity. We also reserve the right to share your personal, profile or other information we collect if special circumstances exist, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the law or our rights or interfering with (either intentionally or unintentionally) use of our website or services.
D.
Special Privacy Exceptions
We reserve the right to transfer your personal, profile or other information we collect (i) to a buyer in connection with a sale of stock or assets, merger, or any other change of control transaction, or (ii) in the case of a bulk or partial sale to a sample provider, sample administrator, research organization, or other end user in the sampling or research industry. In addition, we might provide your contact information to companies that offer affinity, frequent-user, and reward programs and sweepstakes prizing and sponsorship for survey participation. All companies that act on our behalf are obligated to keep all information confidential and to use the customer information only to provide the services we ask them to perform for you and us.
E.
Client Surveys
If you participate in a client survey, your personal contact information (such as email address, name, phone number, company name, address, etc.) may become available to us from information you provide on the survey questionnaire, from information provided by our client, or both. IN NO EVENT, WILL WE DISCLOSE SUCH INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY OTHER THAN DISCLOSURE TO OUR CLIENT (UNLESS THE SURVEY IS ANONYMOUS) WITH WHICH YOU HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITHOUT YOUR EXPRESS PRIOR CONSENT.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if our client contracts with us to provide incentive fulfillment, your contact information may be used for the limited purpose of award purchase and distribution from a 3rd party seller (such as Apple or Target Stores), a rewards fulfillment program, a sweepstakes sponsorship program, or other incentive provider.
F.
General Data Protection
Any personal data obtained by Amplitude, whether through panelist registration or updates, data collection, or client-provided information, is processed in a manner which ensures appropriate security and confidentiality of personal data, including the prevention of unauthorized access to or use of personal data and the equipment used for processing. To facilitate such protections, Amplitude has adopted a Written Information Security Plan ("WISP") for its employees and services providers, respectively, which is available to Amplitude clients upon request.
G.
European Union ("EU") Data Subjects
Amplitude (i) does not have offices outside of the United States, (ii) does not maintain survey panels of persons residing outside of the United States, and (iii) does not monitor the behavior of EU subjects. However, from time-to-time, Amplitude might process and temporarily hold the personal data of subjects residing in the EU as part of its commissioned role in data collection for its clients (such as acting as a data processor for a customer or employee survey). At no time will Amplitude agree to collect "sensitive" personal data from EU subjects i.e., data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership; data concerning health or sex life and sexual orientation; genetic data or biometric data; or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offenses. In those rare instances where Amplitude does collect non-anonymized personal data from EU subjects, Amplitude will maintain a record of its data collection activities including field period, date of delivery of personal data to a client, and date of deletion of personal data. As a general rule, all personal data collected from EU subjects is deleted from Amplitude’s database within thirty (30) days of completion of data collection unless it is necessary to store the personal data for a longer period for statistical or research purposes. If personal data is collected for a given study, the survey invitation sent to participants for that study will describe in detail the contact procedure for a EU data subject to withdraw consent to use of his/her personal data and/or request a copy of his/her personal data used in the study.
H.
Actions by Third Parties
We cannot guarantee against and shall not be held responsible for the actions of any third parties with regard to a data breach including, but not limited to, breaches of our office, network, servers, computers, e-mail programs, websites, surveys, or the survey software that we use. This includes, but is not limited to, the unauthorized alteration or interception of any transmission or data.
I.
Changes in Privacy Policy
We reserve the right change our Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes will be posted to this Privacy Policy at the time such changes are made. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us at support@amplituderesearch.net.
10+ Years of Experience
Our blue-chip client list represents all different types of industries and markets including global Fortune 500 companies, government agencies, privately-held organizations, colleges and universities, ad agencies, consulting firms, non-profits, and other research companies.
Partial Client List
Market Research Surveys
Online Market Research
Consumer Market Research
B2B Market Research
Technology Market Research
Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Customer Loyalty Surveys
Survey Hosting
Mail Surveys
Survey Design
Amplitude Research, Inc. - 2255 Glades Road, Suite 324A  |  Boca Raton, Florida (FL) USA  |  33431-8571 Toll-Free: 1-877-225-7950   |
Local:
561-948-2142   |
Email: sales@amplituderesearch.net© 2002-2020 Amplitude Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trademarks/Copyright  |
Privacy Policy  |
Contract Vehicles  |
Sitemap