http://www.stampitnet.com/support.html#policies
Share
HOME
FEATURES
Feature List
Document Management for Word
10 Reasons to Use StampIt
Words and Phrases in StampIt
Rubber Stamp Types
White Paper
FREE TRIAL
PRICING
SUPPORT
Support and FAQs
Policies & Terms
Demos
Tutorials
SCREENSHOTS
ABOUT US
About ESC
Reviews
Blog
MS Portal
Site Map
Contact
Support Request
Offline Ordering
Offline Ordering
Fax or Phone Order (USA)
As an alternate form of payment to credit cards online, customers may pay for their order using their credit card, by phone or by fax. We currently
accept the following currencies for orders that will be paid by credit card: US dollar (USD), Euro, British pound sterling (GBP), Australian dollar
(AUD), Canadian dollar (CAD or CDN). We are currently accepting the following credit card types: Visa, Mastercard,
American Express (USD only) and
Discover (USD only).
Phone orders are subject to an additional $3.00 USD order processing fee. Orders paid by credit card via fax are subject to an additional $3.00 USD order processing fee.
Order by phone:
1-800-869-1122 (Toll Free) 9:00a- 4:00p Pacific Time, USA,
1-323-850-1362 (International).
You can also print and fill out the Order Form completely and fax or mail it to:
Enhancement Software
8033 Sunset Blvd., #295
Los Angeles, CA 90046
USA
Fax: 1-323-850-0171
Contact
Support Request
Offline Ordering
Support Request
Note:  Required fields are marked with asterisks (*)
Name:
Please enter your name.
*
Company:
E-Mail:
Please enter your email address. *
Phone:
Please enter your telephone number.
*
StampIt serial
number:
Please enter the Serial Number or “NONE” if trial version.
Invalid format.
Not enough numbers.
*
(Click About > Info on the StampIt Main Menu) If it is unavailable, enter NONE.
Word Version:
Please Select
Word 2000
Word 2002/XP
Word 2003
Word 2007
Please select your Word version.
*
Question or Problem not answered by FAQs:
Image Verification
Enter the text from the image
Enter the text from the image.
[ Refresh Image ]
[ What's This? ]
Contact
Support Request
Offline Ordering
Contact:
Sales: (800) 869-1122
General: (323) 850-1362
Fax: (323) 850-0171
Mailing Address:
Enhancement Software, LLP
8033 Sunset Blvd., #295
Los Angeles, CA
90046
If you have a general question or comment, please use this form. If you have a technical support issue, please click on the Support Request tab at the top of this page.
Contact Form
Note:  Required fields are marked with asterisks (*)
Name:
Please enter your name.
*
Company:
E-Mail:
Please enter your email address.
*
Phone:
Please enter your telephone number.*
Category:
Please select...
Web site
Company
Enterprise Licensing
Feature Question
Partner/Alliance
Services
Suggestion
Other
*
Please select a Category.
Message:
Please enter your message.
Image Verification
Enter the text from the image *
Enter the text from the image.
[ Refresh Image ]
[ What's This? ]
FAQs
Policies & Terms
About Us
Frequently Asked Questions
My signature stamps are not working.
Why does the StampIt icon not appear to the left of the HELP button in Word 2000/2/3?
Using Word 2003 or 2007, why does an outline appear around a text box in the left margin of a page when using an HP printer?
Using Word 2003, why do outlines appear around the letters of shaded/watermark stamps?
Using Word 2000, why does an outline appear around the watermark/shaded stamps?
How do I backup custom stamp and group settings if I have to reinstall StampIt?
When I prewiew or print a stamped document, the stamp is hidden by a graphic or shaded table. Why?
How do I create a PDF file that has a stamp on the document?
Using Vista, why do I get a 1925 Error Message when attempting to install StampIt?
Using Word 2007, why do I get a "4120 Parameter Error" when clicking the StampIt Menu Icon
Answers
My signature stamps are not working.
Be sure that you have done the following:
From the StampIt main menu, Click Options > Use Signature Settings > check Save Options.
When in Signature Settings, be sure and check each box of each stamp that you want associated (Text, Handwritten, Graphic,) with the particular Signature setting.
For example, if you want the text, "Signed Orig on File" to print when you use the "COPY" stamp:
Select
the Text radio button; AND
Check the COPY check box.(The COPY name will disappear from the list for the Text option.)
^
Why does the StampIt icon not appear to the left of the HELP button in Word 2000/2/3?
If the StampIt icon did not install on your toolbar next to the Help menu item (Word 97-2003), check your Outlook settings and uncheck the option to have Word as your default e-mail editor (see below).
Uninstall Stampit (Start > Control Panel > Add/Remove Programs)
Turn Off using "Word for Email Editing" (see below)
Close Outlook
Re-install StampIt
When the StampIt icon is showing, Word can be re-instated as your e-mail editor if desired.
TO TURN OFF WORD AS OUTLOOK E-MAIL EDITOR:
Select Tools | Options from the menu in Outlook.
Click on the Mail Format tab. Make sure the Use Microsoft Office Word 2003 to edit e-mail messages checkbox is NOT selected.
In versions before Outlook 2003, the text reads Use Microsoft Word to
edit e-mail messages.
Close the dialog.
Outlook 2007 always uses Word for editing where this is not an issue.
Second Alternative:
If you are on a network, but sure that you are running the StampIt
installation “AS Administrator” (right click on StampIt*-##.exe and click “Run
as administrator.”)
If the menu item still does not show:
Click on (1) Start (lower left of screen) (2) Search and (3) find the file called “StampIt.dot.”
Copy that file to your Startup Directory in Word (Tools>Options>File Locations), highlight the “startup” directory
and click “Modify” and then the drop down arrow to display the full path.
^
Using Word 2003 or 2007, why does an outline appear around a text box in the left margin of a page when using an HP printer?
This issue is isolated with random HP printers using PDL/PCL 5/6 language with Word 2003. Microsoft owns this issue and
it does occur periodically in Word 2007.
Two solutions are available: (1) Change your printer driver to a Post Script driver; or (2) change the text box "FILL: COLOR" to NO FILL.
The default is white and cannot be reset in Word. Changing the FILL COLOR to NO FILL is usually changed in a document template where the text box is inside
the header or footer. To make the change, right-click on the text box inside the header/footer > click Format Text Box,
> click the drop-down box for FILL: Color and select NO FILL.
NOTE: If your document is based on a template, making the above changes to your document template will make the fix permanent with subsequent
documents based on that template until reset. Changes made in a document are only good for that document and do not transfer to the "Normal.dot."
^
Using Word 2003, why do outlines appear around the letters of shaded/watermark stamps?
There are certain random series of HP printers that have issues with printing watermarks
in PDL 5/6 language.  HP and Microsoft do not have a
solution for
this anomaly yet.   If this happens with your printer, usually
installing and/or switching to a Post Script printer
driver for the same
printer solves the problem.
According to
HP, Microsoft owns the issue and indicates a future version of Office Word will have
the fix. Office 2007 appears to have resolved the problem in Word 2007.
^
Using Word 2000, why does an outline appear around the watermark/shaded stamps?
There
are certain random series of HP printers that have issues with printing watermarks
in PDL 5/6 language.  HP and Microsoft do not have a
solution for
this anomaly yet in Word 2000.   If this happens with your printer, usually
installing and/or switching to a Post Script
printer driver for the same
printer solves the problem.
According to
HP, Microsoft owns the issue and indicates a future version of Office will have the fix. Office 2007 appears to have resolved the problem in Word 2007 and we have adjusted for it in Word 2003.
^
How do I backup custom stamp and group settings if I have to reinstall StampIt?
The stamp changes and Groups are saved in the C:\Program Files\StampIt\Stamps directory. Users can backup this directory or copy stamps
from this
directory to other PCs. In Vista, the stamp changes and Groups are in the \AppData\Roaming\Enhancement Software\StampIt\Stamps folder.
There is a STAMPS.TXT and GROUPS.LST file that also must be
copied with the stamps. If
ALL stamps are NOT copied
to another computer,
the STAMPS.TXT file has to be manually modified on the target computer
if the custom stamp(s) did not already exist on the target
computer. Use Notepad.
^
When I prewiew or print a stamped document, the stamp is hidden by a graphic or shaded table. Why?
This is a limitation of Word of displaying a graphic in a header. To workaround this, change your StampIt settings to "Stamp Every Page."
Start StampIt, click Options > click the radio button in the top section of the dialog (Stamp Every
Page). The default is "Let StampIt Decide." This setting will stay until you change it. For large documents, this method of marking
takes more time to process as StampIt is analyzing each page.
^
How do I create a PDF file that has a stamp on the document?
First: You must have a PDF printer installed. Before you run StampIt, (from within Word), click on File > Print. Select your PDF
printer and cancel the printing (if you are in a document). Then run StampIt as if you were stamping the document. Word will create a PDF
file that prompts you to save the file. Save the file. It will now have your document marking embeded into your PDF file. (StampIt 6 only, not necessary
in StampIt 7)
Another is to have StampIt leave the stamp in the document. To do this from within StampIt: Click Options > select "
Leave Stamp in Document." > OK. Then you can either print your document or select
"None" from the "Pages to Print" drop-down box in the StampIt main menu. Click StampIt. The selected stamp
will be left in your document.
^
Using Vista, why do I get a 1925 Error Message
when attempting to install StampIt?
UAC (User Account Control) in Vista wants you to install according to its protocol. Right click on the file and click on "Run as Adminstrator." When asked to confirm, do so.
^
Using Word 2007, why do I get a "4120 Parameter Error" when clicking the StampIt Menu Icon?
Please check to see if you have personalized your copy of Microsoft Word.
The screen dialogs and instructions are below.
While we cannot duplicate this issue, we have found some references to the 4120 Parameter Error that indicate that putting user initials in the Word 2007 dialog below resolves the issue:
INSTRUCTIONS:
FAQs
Policies & Terms
About Us
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy
policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy
policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward,
not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal
information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other
web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors or
customers licensing our products. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your
specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering
information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site.Cookies
can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you
previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be
shared with third parties.
Return/Refund Policy
The free trialware version of StampIt is limited to 15 uses or 15 days from the date of installation, whichever occurs first. It is fully functional. Use the trial before you purchase to ensure the program will be compatible with your needs and satisify your requirements. However, you can get your registration key at any time through the StampIt Ordering link above.
In addition to the free trial, ESC offers a 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee for purchases of up to three (3) licenses, each a different location. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with the product you purchased from us or it just does not meet your expectations, you should notify us within 30 days from the date of the purchase and we will process the refund. This refund option is for new users only and does not apply to successive or additional licenses if StampIt has been previously licensed.
Before requesting a refund, we encourage you to do the following:
• Review the FAQ database (link above) or our online manual. You might be able to find an answer that helps you better use the product to your satisfaction.
• Visit our Forum. Perhaps others have been in the same situation and you might find a solution there that works for you as well. Moreover, our support team provides answers to many forum questions.
• Contact our support team to see if there is anything further we can do or try. Our support team does its best to solve any issue or to provide a fast fix to a problem.
If the above solutions do not work for you and you want a refund, simply contact support via "support request" link on the left side of this page within 30 days of your purchase, provide the Order ID number from your receipt and we will process a refund. When requesting a refund, please indicate the reason you wish to stop using our product and service, and if there is anything we can do to keep your business.
If there are any questions prior to licensing, please contact us for an answer.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1)
permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating
fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors
(who have agreed to keep information secure
and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: See Link Below
By Phone: 1+(323) 850-1362
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
FAQs
Policies & Terms
About Us
About Enhancement Software:
Enhancement Software ("ESC") is privately held, based out of Los Angeles, CA and has been in providing office efficiency solutions since 1993. ESC helps both large and
small businesses with automation of their document marking and protection requirements together with custom office automation add-ins for Microsoft Office
Word. As a member of the Microsoft Partner Program, Enhancement Software has been providing solutions to and customized applications for the legal and
business industries since 1993. ESC's flagship add-in, StampIt, broadened the universe of ESC to virtually every type of entity from pizza parlors to the
Pentagon.
StampIt was originally created for WordPerfect 5.1 and has evolved to be exclusively for Microsoft Word.
With StampIt, users have the ability to not
only automate the paper and PDF document marking process, but completely tailor it to their particular requirements. This includes document marking that
virtually precludes paper or PDF use in an unintended manner. ESC has associates in Washington state and Toronto, Canada focusing on paper and PDF content
security and process automation. ESC also provides custom process automation services.
© 2012   Enhancement Software, LLP   8033 Sunset Blvd., #295
Los Angeles, CA
90046
t 800-869-1122
f 323-850-0171  |
policies |
contact |
legal