http://www.de-cix.net/en/privacy-policy
Celebrate 25 years of interconnection with us! Visit our anniversary website at withoutyou.de-cix.net
Privacy Policy
The protection of your data on DE-CIX.net and DE-CIX.de and DE-CIX Customer PortalI. GeneralWe, the DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825 Cologne (hereinafter referred to as “DE-CIX”), take the protection of your personal data very seriously, and we strictly comply with the regulations of the data protection statutes. The following declaration provides you with an overview as to how we ensure this protection. In particular, we would like to explain to you – as a visitor to our website, a subscriber to our newsletter, as a guest at one of our numerous events, or as an applicant to DE-CIX – which types of data we gather, why we collect these types of data, how we use this data, and how you at any and all times can determine how your personal data is treated.According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have various rights which you can assert in relation to us. This includes, among others, the right to withdraw consent to the processing of data, in particular data processing for the purposes of marketing. The possibility to withdraw consent is typographically highlighted.Should you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you can contact our company data protection officer at any time. The contact details can be found below.II. Name and contact details of the person responsible for processing and the company data protection officerThis Privacy Policy applies to the processing of data by DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825 Köln (“person responsible”), and for the following websites www.de-cix.de, www.de-cix.net, DE-CIX Customer Portal.Our company data protection officer, Mr. Jan Stumpf, can be contacted via the email address dataprotection@de-cix.net, by post to: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Mr. Jan Stumpf, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825 Cologne, with the keyword “Data Protection,” or by fax at the number +49 (221) 70 00 48-111.III. Purpose of data processing, legal basis, and legitimate interests that are pursued by DE-CIX or a third party, and categories of recipients1. Surfing on this websiteDE-CIX gathers and automatically stores log file information in its server, which your browser deposited with us while you were surfing.In brief, here is the key data that we store:Type of browser/browser versionThe operating system usedReferrer URL (the page visited previously)URLs / pages on this website that have been accessedIP address of the accessing computer along with its nameTime of the server requestVisitor history, which we sometimes consolidate with comparable information about other visitors and depict in a form that cannot be personally identified in features like top content.Furthermore, we record the complete Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream through and from our website, in anonymized form – i.e. the order of the pages on our internet presence that you access, including date and time, cookie or Flash-cookie number, the content that you looked at or that you searched for.During your visits, we sometimes use JavaScript in order to gather and evaluate information, including the time it takes a website to load, download errors, the duration of the visit on a subpage, information regarding the interaction between pages (e.g. scrolling, clicking, mouse-overs) and leaving the page.The legal basis for the processing of the IP address is Article 6, Para 1f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interest results from the following list of purposes of the data processing. Please note on this point that it is not possible for us to draw any direct conclusions about your identity on the basis of the data collected, nor do we attempt to draw such conclusions.The IP address of your device and the remaining data listed above is used by us for the following purposes:Ensuring a seamless establishment of the connectionEnsuring the comfortable use of our websiteAssessing the system security and stability.The data is saved for a period of 7 days, after which it is automatically deleted or anonymized. IP addresses are anonymized by deleting the last 3 digits.Further, we make use of so-called cookies and tracking tools for our website. Exactly what process is undertaken and how your data is used for these is clarified in Section III.11. below.2. Registration for eventsRegistration forms for DE-CIX’s numerous events are provided in advance on our website. In the scope of your registration, personal data will generally be collected. This includes:First nameLast nameCompanyJob titleWhen necessary, billing and delivery addressWhen necessary, billing and payment detailsEmail addressWhen necessary, phone numberThese details are collected for the purposes of identifying and registering you on the day of the event.The legal basis for this is Article 6, Para 1b) of the GDPR, i.e. you make the data available to us on the basis of the contractual relationship between yourself and us. In addition, regarding the processing of your email address, the German Civil Code requires us by law to send an electronic order confirmation (Article 6, Para. 1c)). Insofar as we do not use your contact details for marketing purposes (see section III.3. below), we store your data collected for the fulfillment of the contract until the expiration of the legal or possible contractual warrantee and guarantee rights. After expiry, we retain the information regarding the contractual relationship that is required by commercial law and tax law for the legally determined period. For this period of time (generally 10 years from the conclusion of the contract), the data will only be re-processed in the case of an audit by the taxation authorities.Ticket sales for DE-CIX events is undertaken through XING EVENTS GmbH. You can find a link to their Privacy Policy here. DE-CIX ordinarily creates participant lists for events. The purpose of these is to inform the participants, and these lists are attached to the event documents. The lists usually include the surname, first name, and employer of each of the event’s attendees.You can withdraw consent to the publication of your personal data in the list of participants at any time, by email to dataprotection@de-cix.net, by post to: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825, Cologne (keyword “Data Protection”) or by fax to the number +49 (0)221 70 00 48-111.The DE-CIX events are also documented on the Internet. This includes the publication of photos or video recordings of the event. Further information can be found in our Privacy Notice Event Participation.3. Data processing for marketing purposesThe following information concerns the processing of personal data for marketing purposes. The GDPR declares such data processing on the basis of Article 6 Para. 1f) as conceivable in principle and to be a legitimate interest. The duration of data storage for marketing purposes does not follow any strict precepts and is oriented around the question of whether the storage is necessary for marketing purposes. How this proceeds in the case of the withdrawal of your consent is clarified in section III.3.3.3.1 Marketing purposes of DE-CIXInsofar as you have concluded a contract with us regarding participation in an event, we will process your postal contact address apart from of a concrete declaration of consent, in order to occasionally in this way provide you with news on the company or forthcoming events. We process your email address in order to provide you with information regarding our own similar products apart from of a concrete declaration of consent.3.2 Marketing on the basis of interestsTo ensure that you only receive marketing information for which you are putatively interested, we categorize and supplement your customer profile with further information. For this, both statistical information and information regarding your person (e.g. the basic data of your customer profile) is used. The objective is to only provide you with marketing that is oriented to your actual or putative needs and not to burden you with unnecessary marketing.3.3 Right to withdraw consentYou can withdraw your consent to the data processing for the purposes set out above at any time, without incurring costs, for each channel independently, and with effect for the future. For this, an email or letter to the contact details listed in Section II suffices. There are no costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic tariffs.Insofar as you withdraw consent, the affected contact addresses will be blocked for further marketing-related data processing. Please note that in exceptional cases, it is possible that further sending of marketing material may take place temporarily, even after receiving your withdrawal of consent. This is technically due to the necessary lead-in time for advertisements and does not mean that we will not comply with your objection. Thank you for your understanding.4. Sending of newslettersYou can subscribe to the DE-CIX newsletter on DE-CIX’s website. Within the scope of making a subscription, we will collect personal-related data from you such as name and email address. We shall solely use these types of data for personalization and implementation of our email mailings. In order to prevent the misuse of email addresses, subscribers must confirm the ordering of our newsletter in an automated process via email (double opt-in). Only after you have clicked on the confirmation link will your email address be added to our mailing list. Your thus declared consent can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future. This can be done conveniently with the aid of the link that is located in the lower section of each of our mailings, via email to newsletter@de-cix.net, or by means of a message to our office – by mail to: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825 Cologne, or by fax to: +49-221-7000-48-11.Our newsletters are sent via that emailing platform MailChimp, operated by the Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. When you subscribe to our newsletter, MailChimp stores on our behalf your email address and further data for the sending and analysis of the newsletter. In addition, MailChimp can use this data for the optimization or improvement of their own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the sending of emails and the presentation of the newsletter, or for commercial purposes, in order to determine which countries the recipients are from. MailChimp does not forward your data to third parties and will not contact you. MailChimp’s Privacy Policy can be found here. The legal basis for the sending of our newsletter is Article 6, Para. 1a) of the GDPR and § 7 Para 2:3, and Para 3 of the German Fair Trade Practices Act (UWG). The legal basis for the use of the email service provider MailChimp, the undertaking of the collection and analysis of statistical information, and the logging of the subscription process is our legitimate interest as defined in Article 6, Para 1f) of the GDPR. Our interest is directed towards the use of a user-friendly and secure newsletter system that both serves our business interests and the expectations of the user.5. DE-CIX Customer Portal5.1 DE-CIX Customer Portal on https://portal-beta.de-cix.net 5.1.1 Use of DE-CIX Customer Portal on https://portal-beta.de-cix.net Customers have the opportunity to register with our "Login"-Button to our DE-CIX Customer Portal area by providing personal data. The data is entered into an input mask and transmitted to us. A transfer of data to third parties does not take place. The following data is collected during the registration process: username password The legal basis for this is Article 6, Para 1b) of the GDPR, i.e. you make the data available to us on the basis of the contractual relationship between customers and DE-CIX.Registration is required for ordering and provision of DE-CIX services through DE-CIX Customer Portal.  The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. This is the case when the data for the implementation of the contract are no longer required. Even after the conclusion of the contract, there may be a need to store personal data of the contracting party in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations. After expiry, we retain the information regarding the contractual relationship that is required by commercial law and tax law for the legally determined period. For this period of time (generally 10 years from the conclusion of the contract), the data will only be re-processed in the case of an audit by the taxation authorities. 5.1.2 Intercom (Livechat on DE-CIX Customer Portal https://portal-beta.de-cix.net) In order to be able to communicate with you directly via live chat and to thereby offer you greater support, in our online portal we utilize the live chat of the company Intercom. Intercom’s headquarters are located in both Ireland and in the USA (Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc., 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA).  Before we apply the chat function, we will first seek your consent to communicate with you using this tool. If you have agreed to use the live chat, certain personal data will be sent to Intercom. This includes  Browser type/version,  Operating system in use,   Time of the server request,   First name,   Family name,   Phone no.,   Email address,   Company nameWe collect, store, and use this data to communicate with you via the chat platform and to respond to your requests for support. We also evaluate your data to see how the live chat is used and to enhance our services. Your data is collected and sent to Intercom, even if you have not directly used the live chat. The purpose here is that, in the event of a problem with the portal or a question about our products, it would otherwise not be possible to trace which pages you have visited, and the support offered to you would therefore be less effective. Your data will be deleted by Intercom at the latest 12 months after it has been collected, or before that at our request.      The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in accordance with Article 6, Para. 1a) of the GDPR.  With your consent, you also agree to the transfer of your data to Intercom in the USA. The legal basis for the transfer of your data to the USA is thereby Article 49, Para. 1a) GDPR. The data transfer to Intercom in the USA is based on a contract processing agreement concluded between us and Intercom and the conclusion of EU standard contractual clauses. However, a level of data protection equivalent to that of the European Union cannot be guaranteed due to the latest decision of the European Court of Justice on the Privacy Shield (Judgement C-311/18 (“Schrems II”) of 16 July 2020). This concerns in particular possible access rights of the American secret services to your data transferred in the scope of the use of the live chat, as well as the implementation of data subject rights. Through the application of technical and organizational measures that comply with the level of European data protection laws, your data will be protected in the best possible way against access by other, unauthorized third parties, such as hackers.  For more information on Intercom Live Chat and on how Intercom uses the transferred data, please refer to Intercom’s Privacy Policy (www.intercom.com/legal/privacy).  You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. This can be done by email to dataprotection@de-cix.net, by post to: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825, Cologne, Germany (keyword “Data Protection”), or by fax to +49 (0)221 70 00 48-111.  You can also change or withdraw your consent at any time in the “Individual Cookie Settings” or by clicking on the “Review Privacy Settings” button on our website.  5.2. DE-CIX Customer Portal on www.de-cix.de and www.de-cix.net On our websites www.de-cix.de and www.de-cix.net, Customers have the opportunity to register with our "Login"-Button to our DE-CIX Customer Portal area by providing personal data. The data is entered into an input mask and transmitted to us. A transfer of data to third parties does not take place. The following data is collected during the registration process:username password The legal basis for this is Article 6, Para 1b) of the GDPR, i.e. you make the data available to us on the basis of the contractual relationship between customers and DE-CIX.   Registration is required for ordering and provision of DE-CIX services through DE-CIX Customer Portal.   The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. This is the case when the data for the implementation of the contract are no longer required. Even after the conclusion of the contract, there may be a need to store personal data of the contracting party in order to comply with contractual or legal obligations. After expiry, we retain the information regarding the contractual relationship that is required by commercial law and tax law for the legally determined period. For this period of time (generally 10 years from the conclusion of the contract), the data will only be re-processed in the case of an audit by the taxation authorities. 6. Contact form and email contactOn our website, we offer you different options for getting in contact with us. These include via our contact form or via the “Get Connected” form for requesting an individual service. The personal data you impart via our contact forms is usually:  emailWe need this in order to be able to respond to your enquiry and get in touch with you. All other requested data is as a general rule provided on a voluntary basis. These data are used to complete your profile and to be able to contact you in another way than by email.We use the personal data imparted to us exclusively for the purpose of processing your enquiry and for statistical purposes in order to be able to trace the extent to which our contact forms are used. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required for the purpose of its collection. This is the case when your enquiry has been processed and/or the data is no longer required for statistical purposes. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 No. 1) f GDPR. The proper processing of your enquiry is to be regarded as a legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR. You have the right to object your consent to the processing of personal data imparted to us at any time with effect for the future. To do so, please use the contact information provided under II. From the moment of objection, it will no longer be possible to process your enquiry. 7. Whitepaper downloadOn our website, you have the opportunity to download whitepapers. This service is free of charge. Within the whitepaper download we ask you to provide the following personal data:first namelast namejob titlecompanyemail addressBy submitting your data, you declare your consent to contact you individually for promotional purposes. The legal basis for this is Article 6, Para 1 a) of the GDPR.Your thus declared consent can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future by sending an email to dataprotection@de-cix.net, or by means of a message to our office – by mail to: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825 Cologne, or by fax to: +49-221-7000-48-11.8. Registration for webinarsOn our website, you have the opportunity to register to our webinars. Participation in our webinars is free of charge. Within the registration, we ask you to provide the following personal data during the registration process:first namelast nameemail addresscompanyWe will process your data only for your participation and to conduct the webinar. To conduct the webinar, we use "GoToWebinar", a service operated by LogMeIN USA, Inc, 320 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210, USA ("LogMeIn"). LogMeIn processes your personal data on our behalf. LogMeIn’s Privacy Policy can be found here.9. Applications to DE-CIXWith the transferal of your (online) application, you give us permission to store and use your application documents for the application process. The legal basis for this is Article 6, Para 1a) of the GDPR. Your data will be handled as strictly confidential. Personal data will exclusively be made accessible to staff involved in the application process. Your data will be deleted 3 months after notification of a rejection if it does not lead to the beginning of a work or training relationship and deletion does not conflict with any other legitimate interests (e.g. obligation to provide evidence in a process according to the General Equal Opportunities Act (AGG)). Your agreement to the saving and processing of your application data can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future by sending an email to dataprotection@de-cix.net, via post to: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825 Cologne, or by fax to: +49 (221) 7000 48-11 with a request to have the data deleted. We will then delete all data transmitted to us in the context of the application process, insofar as we are not entitled to or required to retain them in accordance with legal regulations. 10. Online presence on social mediaIn addition to this website, we also maintain an online presence on the social media channels Facebook, Twitter, Xing, Linked-in, and Youtube. You can access these by clicking on the corresponding menu items on our website. We would like to point out that your use of these pages and their functions lies within your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating).When visiting such a page, personal data may be transferred to the provider of the social media channel. The social media provider collects and processes your IP address, the type of processor and browser version used, including plug-ins and, where applicable, other information.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by the provider of the social media channel and in some instances may be transferred to countries outside of the European Union.If you are logged in with your personal user account of the respective channel during your visit to such a website, this channel can assign the visit to your account.If you wish to avoid this, you should log out of the social media channel before visiting our online presence or deactivate the “remain logged in” function, delete the cookies present on your device, and exit and restart your browser. In this way, information which could be used to directly identify you is deleted.The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by the provider of the respective social media channel, as well as your relevant rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy, can be found under the respective privacy policy information of the respective medium:Facebook: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=deXing: https://www.xing.com/privacyLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policyYoutube: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/As the operator of the respective online presence, we do not collect or process any further data from your use of the corresponding social media channel.11. Online presence and website optimization11.1 Cookies Our Internet sites use so-called cookies at numerous points. Cookies are small text files that are automatically generated by your browser and saved on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.). Cookies do not cause any damage to your device and they do not contain any viruses, Trojans, or other malware. In the cookie, information is stored which results from the connection with each specific device respectively. However, this does not mean that we gain any direct knowledge regarding your identity. Cookies can be used to store different information. This includes, for example, the language settings on our website. The use of cookies also serves the purpose of improving the user experience of our Internet presence. We therefore use so-called “session cookies” in order to recognize that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are deleted automatically after the end of your visit. In addition to this, also for the purpose of increasing user-friendliness, we make use of temporary cookies that are saved on your device for a specific period of time. When you visit our website again, it will be automatically recognized that you have visited the site previously, and what input you made or settings you activated, so that you do not have to input them again. Insofar as these cookies are those that are necessary to ensure the proper functioning of our website, the use of these takes place on the basis of Article 6 Para 1a) of the GDPR. Our interest in optimizing is thereby to be seen as legitimate in the sense of the aforementioned regulation. In all other cases, we ask you for your consent, which allows us to set further cookies (analysis cookies, marketing cookies). No cookies are set (except required/essential cookies) without giving consent. Further information can be found in our “Individual Cookie Settings”. You can change or withdraw your consent at any time via the button “Cookie Policy” on our website. These cookies are automatically deleted after a respectively defined period of time. You can, however, configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer, or so that a warning always appears before a new cookie is created. However, the complete deactivation of cookies can result in your not being able to use all functions on our website. The storage duration of the cookies is dependent on their purpose and is not the same for all.11.2 Google AnalyticsFor the purposes of needs-oriented design and continual optimization of our webpages, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service from Google Inc (“Google”) on the basis of Article 6, Para 1f) of the GDPR. In conjunction with this, anonymized usage profiles are generated and cookies are used. The information generated through the cookie about your use of this website, such asBrowser type/version,Operating system in use,Referrer URL (the previously visited website),Host name of the computer accessing the site (IP address),Time of the service request,is transferred to and stored on a Google server in the USA. The information is used in order to analyze the use of the website, create reports on website activities, and to deliver further services in connection with the use of the Internet for the purposes of market research and the needs-oriented design of these webpages. This information is also, if necessary, forwarded to third parties, insofar as this is required by law or data processing is outsourced to said third party.  Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with any other data from Google. The IP addresses are anonymized, so that correlation is not possible (so-called IP masking).  You can prevent cookies from being saved by using the corresponding settings in your browser software; however, we wish to inform you that, in that case, this may result in you not being able to make complete use of all functions on this website. You can also prevent the collection of data by Google related to your use of the website (including your IP address) generated through this cookie, and the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the Browser-Plugin available here.You can also prevent data collection by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will set an Opt-Out cookie, which will prevent the future collection of your data when visiting this website:
Deactivate Google Analytics for this website
If you do not give us consent to the use of Google Analytics, no cookie will be set and no data will be transferred (see 11.1). Further information regarding data protection in connection with Google Analytics can be found on the Google Analytics website.
IV. Your rights1. OverviewAlongside the right to withdraw the consent given to us, you also have the following rights, when the respective legal conditions are extant: Right of information regarding your personal data stored by us in accordance with Article 15 of the GDPR; in particular, you can obtain information about the purpose of processing, the category of personal data, the category of recipient for whom your data is or has been made available, the planned period of retention, the origin of your data, insofar as it was not collected directly from you,Right of rectification of erroneous or to completion of correct data in accordance with Article 16 of the GDPR,Right to deletion of your data stored by us in accordance with Article 17 of the GDPR, insofar as there are no legal or contractual requirements to retain the data, or other legal obligations or rights to the continued retention of the data,Right to limit the processing of your data in accordance with Article 18 of the GDPR, insofar as you dispute the correctness of the data, the processing is illegal, but you oppose the deletion of said data; the data controller no longer requires the data, but you require said data for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, or you have filed an objection to the processing in accordance with Article 21 of the GDPR,Right to data portability in accordance with Article 20 of the GDPR, i.e. the right to receive selected data about you stored by us in a standard, machine-readable format, or to have this transmitted to another data controller,Right to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your normal place of residence or work, or of our company headquarters to do this.2. Right to objectUnder the conditions of Article 21, Para 1 of the GDPR, the data processing can be objected to on grounds arising out of the special situation of the person affected.The above general right to object applies for all purposes of processing described in this Privacy Policy that are processed on the basis of Article 6, Para 1f) of the GDPR. In contrast to the special right to object to data processing for marketing purposes (see Section III.3.3. above), we are, according to the GDPR, only obligated to implement such a general right to object if you can provide grounds of superordinate importance (e.g. a possible risk to life or health). V. Forwarding to third partiesThe data collected by us are not sold. We provide information that we obtain to third parties exclusively to the extent described in the following:1. Affiliated companiesAffiliated companies that are under the control of DE-CIX, if they are either subject to this Privacy Policy or adhere to guidelines that offer at least as much protection as this Privacy Policy.2. Service providersWe commission other companies and individuals to fulfill tasks for us. Examples include supporting with the organization of events (e.g. competence groups, congresses, or LocalTalks), the sending of letters or emails, the maintenance of our contact lists, the analysis of our data bases, marketing measures (including the making available of search results and links), and the handling of payments (credit cards, bank transfers, and purchase order invoicing). These service providers have access to personal information that is necessary for fulfilling their tasks. However, they are not permitted to use this for other purposes. In addition to this, they are obligated to handle the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws.3. Protection of DE-CIX and third partiesWe disclose personal data when we are legally obliged to do so, or when such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and those of third parties.4. Recipients outside of the EUWith the exception of the processing described before we do not forward your data to recipients with headquarters outside of the European Union or the European Economic Area. The data transfer outside of the European Union  takes place on the basis of the so-called EU standard contractual clauses.VI. Further information and notesOur website, services, and initiatives evolve continuously. Equally, this Privacy Policy and our conditions of use change on occasion. Therefore, you should regularly visit our website and take note of any changes. Insofar as nothing is regulated in another manner, the use of all information that we have about you is subject to this Privacy Policy. We assure you that significant changes to our Privacy Policy that would result in weakened protection of already collected data will always only be made with your agreement as the respective affected party.Your trust is very important to us. Therefore, we are available to answer your questions at any time regarding the processing of your personal data. If you have questions that could not be answered in this Privacy Policy, or if you would like more detailed information on one of the points, please contact our data protection officer, Mr. Jan Stumpf, at any time at the email address dataprotection@de-cix.net, at the postal address: DE-CIX Management GmbH, Lichtstrasse 43i, 50825, Cologne (keyword “Data Protection”) or by fax to the number +49 (0)221 70 00 48-111.Cologne, Updated: September 2020
Contact
Getting in touch is easy!
Your message
Please type your message
Your email
Email*
Send
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
We are here to assist you.Just let us know if you would like to schedule a meeting or if we should call you back.IF YOU NEED URGENT TECHNICAL SUPPORT, PLEASE CONTACT OUR SUPPORT TEAM DIRECTLY!