https://www.expiry.com/policies/terms-and-conditions/
Web Hosting
Overview
cPanel Shared Hosting
Managed Hosting
Reseller Accounts
Product Addons
Build Your Website
WordPress
Joomla
eCommerce solutions
Installatron
Domain Registration
Domain Name Registrations
Domain Transfers
Domain Renewal
Domain WHOIS Protection
Domain Laws
Support
Announcements
Downloads
Knowledgebase
Our Server Status
Submit Ticket
members
PoliciesRegistration Agreement
Refund Policy
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Service Level Agreement
Privacy Statement
Show Menu
Terms and Conditions
Domain Name Registration Agreement and Terms of Use
This Registration Agreement (“Agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of this domain name registration service to register an Internet domain name, your registration of that domain name, as well as other domain name related services. In this Agreement “you” and “your” refer to each customer and “we”, “us” and “our” refer to eNom, Inc. (“Registrar”), the ICANN accredited Registrar and Expiry Corporation, through which the services are being offered. This Agreement explains our obligations to you, and explains your obligations to us for various services. By selecting our service(s) you have agreed to establish an account with us for such services. When you use your account or permit someone else to use it to purchase or otherwise acquire access to additional service(s) or to cancel your service(s) (even if we were not notified of such authorization), this Agreement covers such service or actions. By using the service(s) provided under this Agreement, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement, the accompanying Dispute Policy and any pertinent rules or policies that are or may be published by the ICANN accredited Registrar and the Reseller of domain names and through which the services are being offered.
This Agreement will become effective when accepted by the ICANN accredited Registrar and the reseller of domain names and through which the services are being offered. The ICANN accredited Registrar and the reseller of domain names and through which the services are being offered may elect to accept or reject your domain name registration application for any reason at its sole discretion, such rejection including, but not limited to, rejection due to a request for registration of a prohibited domain name.
1. Our Services:
You agree and acknowledge that the ICANN accredited Registrar and the reseller of domain names and through which the services are being offered is not liable or responsible in any way for any errors, omissions or any other actions by the registry administrator arising out of or related to your application and receipt of, or failure to receive, a domain name registration. You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the registry administrator (Verisign GRS), the ICANN accredited Registrar and the reseller of domain names and through which the services are being offered, and its directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages and reasonable legal fees and expenses) arising out of, or related to, your domain name registration.
2. What We Do Not Do:
We cannot and do not check to see whether the domain name you select, or the use you make of the domain name, infringes legal rights of others. We urge you to investigate to see whether the domain name you select or its use infringes legal rights of others, and in particular we suggest you seek advice of competent counsel. You may wish to consider seeking one or more trademark registrations in connection with your domain name. You should be aware that there is the possibility we might be ordered by a court to cancel, modify, or transfer your domain name. You should also be aware that if we are sued or threatened with lawsuit in connection with your domain name, we may turn to you to hold us harmless and to indemnify us.
3. Fees:
As consideration for the domain name registration services and/or other services provided by the Reseller to you, you agree to pay Expiry, prior to the effectiveness of the desired domain name registration, the applicable service(s) fees for the initial registration of the domain name and, should you choose to renew the registration, subsequent renewals of the registration. All fees are non-refundable, in whole or in part, even if your domain name registration is suspended, cancelled or transferred prior to the end of your then current registration term. Your requested domain name will not be registered unless we receive actual payment of the registration fee, or reasonable assurance of payment of the registration fee from some other entity (such reasonable assurance as determined at our sole discretion). As further consideration for the service(s), you agree to: (1) provide certain current, complete and accurate information about you as required by the registration process and (2) maintain and update this information as needed to keep it current, complete and accurate. All such information shall be referred to as account information (“Account Information”). In the event of a charge back by a credit card company (or similar action by another payment provider allowed by us) in connection with the payments of the registration fee for your domain name registration, you agree and acknowledge that the domain name registration shall be transferred to us as the paying entity for that registration to the registry. We will reinstate your domain name registration solely at our discretion, and subject to our receipt of the initial registration or renewal fee and our then-current reinstatement fee, currently set at US$200. You will be notified via an email message or via your account information when renewal fees are due. Should these fees go unpaid within the time specified in a second notice or reminder regarding renewal or anytime after name actually expires, your registration can be cancelled and the domain name may fall into the Redemption Grace Period (RGP) at which time the cost to renew the domain name will cost US$200 plus the fee for the yearly renewal. Payment must be made by credit card or such other method as we may indicate in the registration application or renewal form. We will renew your name for you provided your credit card or other billing information is available and up to date, unless you instruct us otherwise within the time specified. If your billing information is not accurate and you wish to renew your domain name registration, we will contact you to update this information and charge you accordingly.
4. Disclaimer and Domain Name Dispute Policy:
If you request, reserved or registered a domain name through us, or transferred a domain name to us from another registrar, you agree to be bound by our current Disclaimer published on our site (“Disclaimer”) and our current Domain Name Dispute Policy (“Dispute Policy”) which are incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement by reference. The Disclaimer can be found here and the Dispute Policy can be found here. Certain disputes, as specified in the Dispute Policy, are subject to that Policy. You agree that, if the registration or reservation of your domain name is challenged by a third party, you will be subject to the provisions specified in the Dispute Policy in effect at the time your domain name registration is disputed by the third party. You also agree that, in the event a domain name dispute arises with any third party, you will indemnify and hold us harmless pursuant to the terms and conditions contained in the Dispute Policy.
5. Transfer to another Registrar:
You agree that you may not transfer your domain name registration to another domain name registrar during the first sixty (60) days from the effective date of your initial domain name registration with us. You agree to provide written, signed authorization to Expiry for the transfer of the domain name to another registrar and agree to pay any and all fees that may be charged by us to effect the transfer. Your request to transfer to another registrar may be denied in situations described in the Dispute Policy, including, but not limited to: a dispute over the identity of the domain name holder; bankruptcy; and default in the payment of any fees.
6. Modifications to our Registration Agreement and Dispute Policy:
You agree, during the period of this Agreement, that we may: (1) revise the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (2) change the services provided under this Agreement. Any such revision or change will be binding and effective immediately on posting of the revised Agreement or change to the service(s) on Expiry’s web site, or on notification to you by e-mail or United States mail. You agree to review Expiry’s web site, including the Agreement, periodically to be aware of any such revisions. If you do not agree with any revision to the Agreement, you may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing us with notice by e-mail at info@expiry.com or United States mail at the addresses listed on the cover page of this Agreement. Notice of your termination will be effective on receipt and processing by us. You agree that, by continuing to use the our services following notice of any revision to this Agreement or change in service(s), you abide by any such revisions or changes. You further agree that we, in our sole discretion, may modify our Dispute Policy at any time. Your continued use of the domain name registered to you shall constitute your acceptance of this Agreement and the Dispute Policy with the new modifications. You acknowledge that if you do not agree to any of such changes, you may request that your domain name registration be cancelled or transferred to a different domain name registrar. You agree that such cancellation or request for transfer will be your exclusive remedy if you do not wish to abide by any changes to this Agreement or the Dispute Policy.
7. Account Information and Its Use:
a. Information You Are Required to Submit. As part of the registration process, you are required to provide certain information and to update this information promptly as needed to keep it current, complete and accurate. The information you are obligated to provide in connection with the domain name you are registering is the following:
i. The domain name being registered;
ii. Your (or The domain name holder’s) name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and where available, fax number; and
iii. The name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and where available, fax number of the billing contact for the domain name; and
iv. Valid payment information.
You agree and acknowledge that when you renew your domain name registration, the type of information you are required to provide may have changed. If you do not wish to provide the new required information, your registration may not be renewed.
All other information which we may request from you at registration is voluntary. However, not providing the requested information may prevent you from obtaining all products and services made available to domain name registrants by us, other than registration of the domain name.
b. Additional Information Maintained About Your Registration. In addition to the information you provide, we maintain records relating to your domain name registration. These records may include:
i. The original creation date of the registration;
ii. The submission date and time of the registration application to us and by us to the proper registry;
iii. Communications (electronic or paper form) constituting registration orders, modifications, or terminations and related correspondence between you and us;
iv. Records of account for your domain name registration, including dates and amounts of all payments and refunds;
v. The IP addresses of the primary nameserver and any secondary nameservers for the domain name;
vi. The corresponding names of those nameservers;
vii. The name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and where available, fax number of the technical contact for the domain name;
viii. The name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and where available, fax number of the zone contact for the domain name;
ix. The expiration and renewal date of the registration; and
x. Information and copies in electronic or paper form regarding all other activity between you and us and third parties relating to your domain name registration and related services.
c. Your Obligations Relating to the Account Information. In the event that, in registering the domain name, you are providing information about or on behalf of a third party, you hereby represent that you have (a) provided notice to that third party of the disclosure and use of that party’s information as set forth in this Agreement, and (b) that you have obtained that third party’s express consent to the disclosure and use of that party’s information as set forth in this Agreement. By registering a name or applying for services you also represent that the statements in its application are true and you also represent that the Domain Name is not being registered for any unlawful purpose. You acknowledge that willfully providing inaccurate information or willfully failing to update information promptly will constitute a material breach of this Agreement and will be sufficient basis for cancellation of your domain name registration. You further agree that your failure to respond for over ten (10 ) calendar days to inquiries made by us concerning the accuracy of contact details associated with your registration shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement and will be sufficient basis for cancellation of your domain name registration.
d. Privacy Policy: Disclosure and Use of Registration Information. You agree and acknowledge that we will make available domain name registration information you provide or that we otherwise maintain to ICANN, to the registry administrator(s), and to other third parties as ICANN and applicable laws may require or permit. You further agree and acknowledge that we may make publicly available, or directly available to third party vendors, some, or all, of the domain name registration information you provide, for purposes of inspection (such as through our “whois” service) or for targeted marketing and other purposes as required or permitted by ICANN and applicable laws. Additionally, you acknowledge that ICANN may establish guidelines, limits and/or requirements that relate to the amount and type of information that we may or must make available to the public or to private entities, and the manner in which such information is made available. You hereby consent to any and all such disclosures and use of, and guidelines, limits and restrictions on disclosure or use of, information provided by you in connection with the registration of a domain name (including any updates to such information), whether during or after the term of your registration of the domain name. You hereby irrevocably waive any and all claims and causes of action you may have arising from such disclosure or use of your domain name registration and other information by us. You may access your domain name registration information in our possession to review, modify or update such information, by accessing your account at our web site http://www.Expiry.com , or via a similar service. In order to change any of your account information with us, you must use your Account Identifier and Password that you selected when you opened your account with us. Please safeguard your Account Identifier and Password from any unauthorized use. You agree that any person in possession of you Account Identifier and Password will have the ability and your authorization to modify your account information. In no event will we be liable for the unauthorized use or misuse of your Account Identifier or Password. We will take reasonable precautions to protect the information it obtains from you from our loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of that information.
8. Ownership of Information and Data:
You agree and acknowledge that we own all database, compilation, collective and similar rights, title and interests worldwide in our domain name database, and all information and derivative works generated from the domain name database. You further agree and acknowledge that we own the following information for those registrations for which we are the registrar: (a) the original creation date of the registration, (b) the expiration date of the registration, (c) the name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and where available fax number of all contacts for the domain name registration, (d) any remarks concerning the registered domain name that appear or should appear in the WHOIS or similar database, and (e) any other information we generate or obtain in connection with the provision of domain name registration services, other than the domain name being registered, the IP addresses of the primary nameserver and any secondary nameservers for the domain name, and the corresponding names of those nameservers. We do not have any ownership interest in your specific personal registration information outside of its rights in our domain name database.
9. Agents and Licenses:
You agree that, if you are registering a domain name for or on behalf of someone else, you represent that you have the authority to nonetheless bind that person as a principal to all terms and conditions provided herein, including the Dispute Policy. You agree that if you license the use of the domain name registered to you to a third party, you nonetheless remain the domain name holder of record, and remain responsible for all obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to payment obligations, and providing (and updating, as necessary) both your own full contact information, and accurate technical, administrative, billing and zone contact information adequate to facilitate timely resolution of any problems that arise in connection with the domain name and domain name registration.
10. Incomplete DNS Information, and Use of Free Services:
You agree that if you provide incomplete DNS information (the information described in paragraphs 7.4.5 and 7.4.6) or URL redirect address in your Account Information, that Expiry may direct the domain name to an Expiry Park Page, including, without limitation, to an URL address which hosts a parking page or a commercial search engine. If you provided incomplete DNS information, you understand that you can update and thereby override the DNS information designated by Expiry.
In consideration for providing additional optional services for which Expiry does not charge an additional fee, including, but not limited to, URL forwarding, email forwarding, free parking page, free website hosting, free email services, or other services which Expiry may introduce from time to time but for which there is not a separate fee (“Free Services”), you agree that, if you use such Free Services, Expiry may display advertising in conjunction therewith through the use of pop-up or pop-under browser windows, banner advertisements, audio or video steams, appendices to emails, or other similar advertising means, and that Expiry may aggregate related usage data by means of cookies and other similar means.
11. After Expiration of the Term of a Domain Name Registration:
After expiration of the term of a domain name registration and before deletion of the domain name by the applicable registry, you acknowledge that eNom may direct the domain name to an IP address designated by Expiry, including, without limitation, to an IP address which hosts a parking page or a commercial search engine and you acknowledge that Expiry may place Expiry’s contact information in the WHOIS output for expired domain name.
After expiration of the term of a domain name registration, you acknowledge that certain registry administrators may provide procedures or grace periods during which expired domain name registrations may be renewed. You acknowledge that you assume all risks and all consequences if you wait until close to or after the end of a domain name registration term to attempt to renew the registration. You acknowledge that Expiry, for any reason and in its sole discretion, may choose not to participate in a post-expiration renewal process and that Expiry shall not be liable therefore. You acknowledge that post-expiration renewal processes involve additional fees which Expiry may determine in its sole discretion. You acknowledge that, upon expiration of the term of a domain name, that the applicable registry may make the domain name available to be registered by any party at any time.
You also agree that, after expiration of the term of a domain name registration and any applicable grace periods for which there is no fee above the regular domain name registration renewal fee, and assuming you did not exercise your rights as a registrant during such period, that Expiry may renew the domain name registration in your name and that Expiry may continue to point the domain name to an IP address designated by Expiry. If Expiry exercises its rights under this provision, you as the listed registrant, will be allowed to assume, at any time, complete management of the domain name, including the right to set the DNS information.
12. Announcements:
We reserve the right to distribute information to you that is pertinent to the quality or operation of our services and those of our service partners. These announcements will be predominately informative in nature and may include notices describing changes, upgrades, new products or other information to add security or to enhance your identity on the Internet.
13. Limitation of Liability:
YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY (1) SUSPENSION OR LOSS OF THE DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION IN YOUR NAME, (2) USE OF YOUR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION, (3) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, (4) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO OUR SITE OR THE WEB SITE(S) OR SERVICES YOU ACCESS BY THE DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED IN YOUR NAME; (5) LOSS OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD (6) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MIS-DELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION; (7) EVENTS BEYOND OUR CONTROL; (8) THE PROCESSING OF THIS APPLICATION; (9) LOSS OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OR MISUSE OF YOUR ACCOUNT IDENTIFIER OR PASSWORD; OR (10) APPLICATION OF THE DISPUTE POLICY. WE ALSO WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR REGISTRATION OF THE DOMAIN NAME, BUT IN NO EVENT GREATER THAN FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS ($400.00). BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
14. Indemnity:
You agree to release, indemnify, and hold all Registry Operators, Registrar, Expiry, their contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors and affiliates harmless from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorney’s fees, of third parties relating to or arising under this Agreement, the services provided hereunder or your use of the services, including without limitation infringement by you, or someone else using any service with your computer, of any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any person or entity, or from the violation of any operating rule or policy relating to the service(s) provided. When we are threatened with suit by a third party, we may seek written assurances from you concerning your promise to indemnify us; your failure to provide those assurances may be considered by us to be a breach of your Agreement and may result in deactivation of your domain name. This indemnification is in addition to any indemnification required under the Dispute Policy.
15. Representations and Warranties:
YOU REPRESENT THAT, TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND BELIEF, NEITHER THE REGISTRATION OF THE DOMAIN NAME NOR THE MANNER IN WHICH IT IS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY USED INFRINGES THE LEGAL RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY. YOU FURTHER REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION IS ACCURATE. ALL DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS.” EXCEPT FOR OUR STATEMENT REGARDING THE REGISTRAR’S ACCREDITATION AS AN ICANN-APPROVED DOMAIN NAME REGISTRAR IN THE INTRODUCTORY PARAGRAPH OF THIS AGREEMENT, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, UNLESS SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE. WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION TO THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER THAT REGISTRATION OR USE OF A DOMAIN NAME UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL IMMUNIZE YOU EITHER FROM CHALLENGES TO YOUR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION, OR FROM SUSPENSION, CANCELLATION OR TRANSFER OF THE DOMAIN NAME REGISTERED TO YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF OUR E-MAIL FORWARDING OR OTHER EMAIL SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE E-MAIL SERVICE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE E-MAIL SERVICE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE E-MAIL SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
16. Breach and Revocation:
We reserve the right to suspend, cancel, transfer or modify your domain name registration or suspend, cancel or modify other services we provide in the event (a) you materially breach this Agreement (including the Dispute Policy) and do not cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice by us, (b) you use the domain name registered to you to send unsolicited commercial advertisements in contradiction to either applicable laws or customary acceptable usage policies of the Internet, (c) you use your domain name in connection with unlawful activity, or (d) grounds arise for such suspension, cancellation, transfer or other modification as provided for in this Agreement. You further acknowledge and agree that your registration of a domain name is subject to suspension, cancellation or transfer by any ICANN procedure, by any registrar or registry administrator procedures approved by an ICANN-adopted policy, (1) to correct mistakes by us, another registrar or the registry administrator in administering the name or (2) for the resolution of disputes concerning the domain name. You also agree that we shall have the right in its sole discretion to suspend, cancel, transfer or otherwise modify a domain name registration upon seven (7) calendar days prior written notice, or at such time as we receive a properly authenticated order from a court of competent jurisdiction, or arbitration award, requiring the suspension, cancellation transfer or modification of the domain name registration.
17. Right Of Refusal:
We, in our sole discretion, reserve the right to refuse to register or reserve your chosen domain name or register you for other service(s), or to delete your domain name within thirty (30) calendar days from receipt of your payment for such services. In the event we do not register or reserve your domain name or register you for other service(s), or we delete your domain name or other service(s) within such thirty (30) calendar day period, we agree to refund your applicable fee(s). You agree that we shall not be liable to you for loss or damages that may result from our refusal to register or reserve, or delete your domain name or register you for other service(s).
18. Governing Law:
Except as otherwise set forth in the Dispute Policy with respect to disputes, this Agreement, your rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Washington, as if the Agreement was a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within the State of Washington. Except as otherwise set forth in the Dispute Policy with respect to disputes, any action to enforce this Agreement or any matter relating to your use of Registrar or Reseller site shall be brought exclusively in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington, or if there is no jurisdiction in such court, then in a state court in King County.
19. Notices:
You agree that any notices required to be given under this Agreement by us to you will be deemed to have been given if delivered in accordance with the contact information you have provided.
20. Infancy:
You attest that you are of legal age to enter into this Agreement.
21. General:
This Agreement, Disclaimer and the Dispute Policy, together with all modifications, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between Expiry, and the Registrar, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications. Nothing contained in this Policy shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties. Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by the Registrar of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of this Policy shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Policy unenforceable or invalid as a whole. We will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, our original objectives and intent of as reflected in the original provision. This Agreement, our Disclaimer and the Dispute Policy may not be amended or modified by you except by means of a written document signed by both you and an authorized representative of Registrar.