https://www.semcasting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Effective On: December 3, 2020 Summary Semcasting, Inc. (“Semcasting”) has created this privacy statement (the “Privacy Policy”) for the following Semcasting websites to communicate our information gathering and distribution practices, as well as to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. They may be referred to as Sites or Services throughout this Policy.
https://www.semcasting.com https://www.udxleads.com https://audiencedesigner.com https://privacychoice.com
By using the Site and the Services, you are agreeing to the terms of our Privacy Policy. Although this Site contains links to other websites, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those or any other websites. If you follow a link to another website, you should carefully read their privacy policy. This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
Personal information and our business model The personal information we collect and how we collect it Your consent to our collection of personal information How we use your personal information How we disclose personal information How we secure your personal information Retention of personal information How we may update our privacy policy Do not track Child privacy Your rights to your personal information Do Not Sell My Personal Information and opt-out options
Personal Information and Our Business Model Semcasting provides audience targeting and attribution technology solutions that support our clients (our “Clients”) and their agency of record. We facilitate advertising services using Demand Side Platforms and the execution of attribution studies on our Clients’ behalf. Our role is to provide the matching, onboarding, optimization and proof of performance for those audiences identified for our Clients. Our Services use a Client’s first-party CRM customer or prospect data (“Client Data”) to support advertising on desktops, mobile devices, connected TVs, video, or other forms of information delivery over the Internet. We receive Client Data using secured, encrypted methods in two ways: (i) our Clients supply us with Client Data directly, and (ii) we collect information on visitors to our Client’s websites. Client Data includes names, addresses, emails, phone numbers, locations, Internet Protocol addresses, and website traffic logs, and in some instances may include medical information, some of which may be covered under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), such as name, physical address, email address, medical coverage, prescription drugs, physician and medical provider. We control a Client’s Client Data only during and for the performance of our Services for such Client. We are only able to remove or revise your information located in Client Data that we control and that has been provided to us by our Clients. We have no control over Client Data that has not been provided to us and remains in the control of our Clients. Please contact our Clients directly to request the removal or revision of your information stored in their databases. Semcasting also gathers data independently. Semcasting (i) compiles publicly available information on households and businesses to support our first-party matching process, and (ii) purchases data from third party distributors (collectively, “Semcasting Data”). Semcasting Data adheres to online and offline privacy recommendations, code-of-conduct and guidelines of the Direct Marketing Association, which has now combined with the Association of National Adverisers (https://thedma.org) (the “DMA”), Interactive Advertising Bureau (https://www.iab.com) (the “IAB”), and the Association of National Advertisers (https://www.ana.net) (“ANA”). We follow The HITRUST CSF in our management of sensitive data and physical security as well as Trustwave for online data management. Semcasting uses Client Data and Semcasting Data only for providing the Services. The Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It We and our service providers and marketing partners collect the following personal information about you:
Semcasting collects Client Data from our Clients as described above to perform Services for our Clients. Semcasting collects publicly-available bulk data from government agency filings, such as postal addresses, housing transactions, voter registration information and voter preferences. Although not personal information, Semcasting also collects publicly-available aggregated data, such as local and regional economic performance indicators and summarized healthcare information. Semcasting purchases data from third party distributors to provide the Services. This data includes transaction data, mapping data, and mobile device data from the following trusted partners:
Complementrics Cuebiq Digital Envoy Digital Map Products DMTI Spatial Kochava People Data Labs Safegraph TargetSmart Communication
Visitors to the Site may wish to subscribe to the Semcasting newsletter or blog or may request further information about our marketing solutions and use of data via our contact form available at our Site. Individuals requesting more information will be asked to provide their first and last name, email address, job title, phone number and company name. We do not merge any of the personal information collected via our contact form with other information collected automatically on our Site. Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs that allow user comment. You should be aware that any comments you make might be read, collected, and used by others who access the blogs. Semcasting records from all visitors to our Sites, such as website traffic logs, number of visits or clicks on a given page, pages viewed or links to our Site, and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses. An IP address is the unique number assigned to your server by the Internet Service Provider. Semcasting may collect personal information about you provided to us by third party services, including:
Identifiers, such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers; name, address, education, medical information, health insurance information, and age; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, religion, age or gender; geolocation data; device-related characteristics, such as operating system, device ID, Internet Protocol timestamp, internet service provider, latitude/longitude; voter-related characteristics, such as voting history, registered address, political affiliation and voter interest; and business-related characteristics, such as business name, address, and NAICS code.
Semcasting uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about visitors to our Site and our Clients’ websites. Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies themselves do not contain any personally identifiable information but enable us to remember you each time you return to visit our Site or use our Services. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. “Web beacons” are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may use web beacons on our Site from time to time for this purpose. Our Site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
Semcasting provides Services to European customers based on completely de-identified data that is aggregated at a postal code level with no ability to re-identify a person, device, or household. Semcasting has no access to European consumer information other than government-sanctioned census level information which is aggregated at a postal code level. In the preceding 12 months Semcasting has collected, the following categories of personal information from its consumers:
identifiers, such as real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers telephone number and education; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, religion, gender; commercial information, including records of real property, products or services considered, or other purchasing or consuming tendencies; internet or other electronic network suppliers, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, or advertisement; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; professional or industry associations and related information; and inferences drawn from any of the other information categories to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, including trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Your Consent to Our Collection of Your Personal Information By using our Services, providing us with your personal information or accessing our Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy and give your explicit, informed consent to the collection, use and processing of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not visit, use, register to, or otherwise access our Site or Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time, unless such withdrawal would frustrate our ability to comply with a legal obligation. Your withdrawal may restrict our ability to provide our Services or access to our Site. You may request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you, though please note that we are not required to delete personal information if it is necessary for us, among other things, (i) to detect security threats, (ii) to debug and correct errors that impair existing intended functionality, or (iii) to use the personal information solely for internal purposes that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us. There are limited circumstances in which we may collect, use or disclose personal information without your consent. They are:
When the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is permitted or required by law; In an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health or personal security; When the personal information is available from a public source; When we require legal advice from a lawyer; For the purposes of collecting debt; To protect ourselves from fraud; or To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or contravention of law.
How We Use Your Personal Information We may use your personal information to fulfill the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, and for purposes related thereto, and to provide the Services and access to our Site, including as follows:
Within our organization. At your request or with your consent. To provide the Services to our Clients. Even though Semcasting Data is collected from publicly-available sources, opt-in mobile devices and purchased data from third-parties, Semcasting Data may include your personal information. Semcasting is compensated by our Clients for providing Clients with Semcasting Data, and this service may be considered a sale of personal information. In the last 12 months, Semcasting Data provided to our Clients included the following types of personal information:
Identifiers, such as real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers; telephone number, education; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, religion, gender; commercial information, including records of real property, products or services considered, or other purchasing or consuming tendencies; internet or other electronic network suppliers, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, or advertisement; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; professional or industry associations and related information; medical information, such as name, physical address, email address, medical coverage, prescription drugs, physician and medical provider; and inferences drawn from any of the other information categories to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, including trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us support business activities such as offering customer service or data processing. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. In the last 12 months, Semcasting has provided the following types of personal information to our service providers:
Identifiers, such as real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers; telephone number, education; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, religion, gender; commercial information, including records of real property, products or services considered, or other purchasing or consuming tendencies; internet or other electronic network suppliers, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, or advertisement; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, or similar information; professional or industry associations and related information; and inferences drawn from any of the other information categories to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, including trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Certain information may be shared with third parties or published when you follow links to third party websites. We do not own or control these third parties and when you interact with them you may be providing information to them directly. Such parties will have their own rules and policies in respect of the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and we encourage you to review these rules and policies. Public information, for example, information you choose to share, such as testimonials or posts on our blog, may be visible to the public and may be indexed through third party search engines – we do not control the practices of third-party search engines. In certain situations, Semcasting may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In connection with a merger, acquisition, or other corporate transaction, including if one of our business units are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company.
We do not rent, sell or share any personal information collected on the Site with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Consumer Data We use the personal information of consumers to provide the Services, as described in Personal Information and Our Business Model, above. Technical Site Data As discussed above, our web servers may collect information including the IP address of visitors to our Sites, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. We use this information for the following purposes:
To measure the use of our Sites, including number of visits, average time spent on the Sites, pages viewed, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and to improve the content we offer. To administer the Sites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes. As part of our efforts to keep the Sites safe and secure.
Contact Information and Communications As discussed above, we may collect your contact information and your personal details in connection with, among other things, your general questions, support requests, and job applications. We may use this information in the following ways:
To respond to your questions and comments. To deliver requested evaluation materials. To coordinate webinars and events. To evaluate candidates for potential employment opportunities. To send e-mail notifications and reminders related to the Sites and Services. To send you communications, including newsletters, service announcements, administrative messages, marketing messages or other marketing information. To establish and maintain relationships with our visitors. To meet and comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Medical Information As mentioned above, Client Data we receive from certain of our Clients may include medical information necessary for us to perform our Services. We only use such medical information to provide our Services specified by the Client that provides such Client Data. Some of your rights and our obligations under this Privacy Policy may not apply to medical information that is covered under HIPAA; if your medical information is protected under HIPAA, your rights with respect to that data will be governed by HIPAA. How We Secure Your Personal Information The Site has industry standard security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. These protections include compliance with IAB, the Network Advertising Initiative (https://www.networkadvertising.org), the HITRUST CSF and Trustwave. In specific industries such as healthcare, finance, or industries where any sensitive information is to be associated with a digital ID, Semcasting requires that our Clients utilize methodologies to assure that all personally identifiable information is anonymized, encrypted and protected as required by applicable law. Finally, we use a proprietary matching process to maintain the anonymity of all users. We require each of our Clients to state in their respective privacy policy that users’ digital information is being collected in compliance with DMA/ANA and IAB guidelines, and for our Clients to allow users to opt-out on their websites. Retention of Your Personal Information Semcasting retains personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as required to provide Services to our Client. Semcasting will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. How We May Update Our Privacy Policy Semcasting reserves the right, at any time, and without notice, to add to, change, modify, or update this Privacy Policy by posting a revised policy on this Site. Any revised Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately on posting. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Whether or not our practices change, we will review this Privacy Policy at least once every twelve months. Do Not Track We, Semcasting and our partners, affiliates, or service providers, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, website traffic logs and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our user base. We may receive or generate reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual and aggregated basis.  Third parties [may not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you access the Site. We use cookies to support online advertising retargeting. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. We partner with service providers to either display advertising on our Site or to manage advertising on other sites. We may share information about your activities, such as cookies, with our service providers to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to rejecting all cookies, if you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may selectively opt-out by clicking: http://optout.aboutads.info/ or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ (or if located in the European Union: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You may continue to receive generic ads. We do not override any “do-not-track” signal from your web browser and will not collect or store your movements on our Sites if you use such a signal. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use HTML5 to automatically collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. Child Privacy If you are under the age of sixteen (16), please do not use or access the Site. It is not our intention to collect or use personal information from anyone under the age of sixteen, and we will not knowingly do so. If we are made aware that we have collected any personal information from minors and are asked to delete such information from our databases, we will promptly do so.  Semcasting does not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under the age of 16. Your Rights to Your Personal Information Semcasting has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes on behalf of its Clients. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate (or all their) data should direct their query both to Semcasting’s Client (the data controller) and Semcasting (the processor). As mentioned above, we are only able to remove or revise your information located in Client Data we control. We have no control over Client Data that has not been provided to us and remains in the control of our Clients. Please contact our Clients directly to request the removal or revision of your information stored in their databases. You have several rights associated with your personal information.  You may contact us directly to exercise these rights and to request (i) access to your specific personal information we have collected, (ii) to know the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months, (iii) to know the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected in the preceding 12 months, (iv) to know the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling your information, (v) to know how we use your personal information, (vi) to know to whom it has been disclosed or sold in the preceding 12 months, (vii) that we correct your personal information and (viii) that we delete your personal information, subject to limited exceptions under applicable law. Requests should be made in writing, by email, or by telephone. We must be able to verify your identity before we are able to release your personal information to you or to delete your personal information.  Your request will need to include your full legal name and current residential address for these verifications.  We will confirm requests to know or requests to delete, and provide information regarding Semcasting’s verification process, within 10 days of receiving your request.  We will respond to requests to know or requests to delete within 45 days or provide notice if we require longer but will respond within 90 days of receiving the request. We will provide you with your personal information in a portable, readily useable format free of charge, but we may charge a reasonable fee for excessive requests. Providing you with your personal information more than twice in a 12-month period is at our discretion. While we will make every effort to comply with your requests, we may not be able to release, revise or remove your personal information to the extent we are unable to find it in our records. In such an event, we will let you know following the timetable detailed above. We may not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights permitted by law, including your right to request your personal information as described above. You may have an authorized agent exercise your rights, outlined above, and submit a request to access, a request to delete, or a request to opt-out so long as you provide the authorized agent with written permission to submit the relevant request and you verify your own identity directly with Semcasting.  Such restrictions do not apply where you provide your authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130. In the previous calendar year, Semcasting:
received 0 requests to know, complied with 0 requests to know, in whole or in part, and denied 0 requests to know in the aggregate; received 0 requests to delete, complied with 0 requests to delete, in whole or in part, and denied 0 requests to delete in the aggregate; and received 0 requests to opt-out, complied with 0 requests to opt-out, in whole or in part, and denied 0 requests to opt-out in the aggregate.
Semcasting respects your control over your information and, upon request, we will confirm whether we hold or are processing information that we have collected from you. You also have the right to amend or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information, request deletion of your personal information, or request that we no longer use it. Under certain circumstances we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters, we cannot verify your identity, or it involves disproportionate cost or effort, but in any event, we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and provide you an explanation. To make such a request of us, please contact us at: Semcasting, Inc. 41 High Street North Andover, MA 01845 privacychoice@semcasting.com Phone Number: 978-684-7580 Toll Free Phone Number (U.S. Only): 888-401-0387 If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please also contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Do Not Sell My Personal Information and Opt-Out Options Do Not Sell My Personal Information You may direct us at any time not to sell your personal information or use it to perform our services. You may opt out of the sale of information by using this Form to submit your request, by calling our toll free number (U.S. only) 888-401-0387, or by clicking here.  We will comply with any requests to opt-out of the sale of personal information as soon as feasibly possible, but in any event no later than 15 business days from the date Semcasting receives your request. Communications Opt-Out Policies Our Sites provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. Our email communication materials also give users the option to remove their information from our database to not receive future communications by clicking the unsubscribe link. You can also send an email to unsubscribe@semcasting.com. Newsletters and Blogs If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter and/or our blogs, we will use your email address to send the newsletter to you. If you no longer wish to receive these email communications, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the emails you receive or by contacting us at unsubscribe@semcasting.com. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, contact us at unsubscribe@semcasting.com. Direct Mail Solicitations As mentioned above, Semcasting is a member of the Direct Marketing Association/Association of National Advertisers. All DMA/ANA members are required to use DMA/ANA’s Mail Preference Service (MPS) to comply with consumer requests not to receive direct mail advertising. By registering your name on the DMA/ANA MPS file, you will be certain to get your name suppressed from the largest number of marketing files and not just Semcasting’s data products. To do so, please contact the DMA/ANA’s Consumer Assistance website page https://thedma.org/accountability/dma-choice/ or by calling the DMA/ANA at 212-768-7277. Semcasting cannot honor requests for the removal of your personal information from direct mail solicitations outside of Semcasting’s control. Contact Information Semcasting, Inc. 41 High Street North Andover, MA 01845 privacychoice@semcasting.com Phone: 978-684-7580
©2020 Semcasting. All Rights Reserved.