https://www.sonydadc.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Sony DADC Cookie Policy
1. Introduction
The Sony DADC Cookie Policy applies to this website www.sonydadc.com and to any websites, branded pages on third party platforms and applications accessed or used through such websites, which are operated by or on behalf of Sony DADC, its subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies. This Policy sets out how Sony DADC collects and processes information about the visitors of Sony DADC websites through the use of cookies. There is a notice on the homepage which describes how Sony DADC uses cookies and which also provides a link to the privacy policy. If you use this website after this notification has been displayed to you, Sony DADC will assume that you consent to the use of cookies for the purposes described in the cookie policy and privacy policy. Sony DADC uses the term “cookie” in this policy to refer to website cookies and to similar technologies that may collect information automatically.
2. What is a cookie?
Cookies are text-only strings of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk. Therefore the website can remember who you are.
Cookies enable a website to arrange content matching to your preferred interests. Cookies alone cannot be used to identify you and are widely used by websites.
Typically a cookie contains the domain from which the cookie has come; the “lifetime” of the cookie and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
There are two general types of cookies which are used on this website:
Session Cookies, which are temporary cookies and remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site.
Persistent Cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). See point 3.
3. How our cookies are applied
In general we are using internet technologies (e.g. cookies, Java-Script) to make the navigation on the Sony DADC applications easier and to optimize the content and information provided.
That means:
This site is using session-cookies to hold your current session active.
We are using cookies for data analyses. With this, we can identify how e.g. our forms are accepted, how many visits the site has or which sites are visited frequently.
This website is using Google web-analyses tools. For more information therefore, please visit our Legal Notice.
4. What types of cookies are used?
The table below is designed to provide more information about the cookies used:
Name of cookie
Purpose for the cookie
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc which uses cookies to show how visitors found and explored Sony DADC’s site, and how Sony DADC can enhance their experience. It provides information about the behaviour of visitors (e.g. how long they stayed on the site, the average number of pages viewed) and also tells a general number of visitors.
PHPSESSID
This is a session cookie for PHP which does not store any user related information.
ns-cowe-prod
This is a session cookie for persistence reasons and does not store any user related information.
current culture
This is a session cookie to adapt the language to your setting.
Referrer
This is a session cookie, showing how you found our careers page.
be_typo_user
This cookie is necessary for Sony DADC’s backend authentication and does not store any user related data.
Consent
This cookie remembers your consent to the cookie disclaimer.
CSRF Protection
This session cookie mitigates CSRF.
ASP.NET
This session cookie stores a unique identifier for your session.
ns-b2b
This is a session cookie for persistence reasons and does not store any user related information.
5. Cookie Management
In the options of your web browser you can manage the usage of cookies.
Generally the browser offers the following setting:
view cookies
accept cookies
deactivate all/designated cookies
deactivate all cookies when closing the browser
block cookies
note when setting new cookies
contradiction of tracking web analysis
Please Note
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to: www.aboutcookies.org
By blocking our cookies by your browser, you might not be able to use certain parts of our website, respectively some or all functions mentioned in point 2.0 might not work properly. By setting the option “Delete all cookies” in your browser, all browser pre-sets will be deleted when closing the browser.
This Cookie Policy is in accordance with article 96 of the Austrian Telecommunication Act based on the European Directive (2009/136/EG).
Sony DADC uses cookies to improve your online experience. By continuing to use this website, you consent to us using cookies.
For information on the cookies used and for details on how your personal information is processed, please read our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy.