http://www.ascendis.com/privacy.php
Home
Products
Caller ID
ACIDMU
Order
Support
FAQ
Forums
Remote Help
Submit Support Request
Check Existing Support Request
Company
About Us
Contact Info
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Ascendis Software LLC strongly believes in your right to keep
information about yourself private, and endeavors to earn your
respect by only collecting information where required and not
sharing the information with any other parties.
Web Logs
We use IP addresses and referrer information to analyze web
performance in order to optimize advertising and web site layout.
This data is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We use cookies to track advertising effectiveness and to ensure
a consistent experience for web site visitors.
The cookies are
not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Customer Support
In order to receive customer support by email you must give us
your email address.
We will only use this information to contact
you with the support you request.
External Links
This web site contains links to other web sites.
We are not
responsible for the privacy policies of these web sites and make
no claims about them.
Purchase Information
When you purchase one of our products through one of our resellers
we receive a payment record, but do not receive credit card, bank account,
or other financial information.
We retain your name, address, email
address and phone number for generating and mailing the registration
information and contacting you if a problem arises.
We retain this information for order reference, upgrades, and resending
registrations as requested.
We do not share this information with any
outside parties.
Ascendis Software LLC partners with other companies to take orders and
perform financial transactions.
Their privacy policies are available below:
FastSpring
We have contracted with Google to monitor certain pages of our Web site
for the purpose of reporting sales based on Google Adwords. Where
authorized by us, Google may use cookies and/or other monitoring
technologies to track the sales and correlate them with Adwords clicks.
For more information about how the information is collected and used by
Google, please see the privacy policy located at or linked from
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Forums
Our forums, or message boards, are open to the public and any
information you post there is publicly available.
If you register
as a forum member, you have the opportunity to share or not share
various items of personal information.
Correcting or Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your
email address), we will correct or update it at your request.
Please submit a general support request
with your new information.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes here so our users are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally
identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at
the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their
information in this different manner.
Contact Information
Ascendis Software LLC is the company that owns and operates
this web site and collects the personal information as
outlined above.
Our mailing address is:
Ascendis Software LLC
14578 Thistledown Lane
Perrysburg, OH 43551
Our telephone number is 810 223-0326.
Our email address is
Send comments or questions about
web site to webmaster@ascendis.com
Modified December 16, 2016, 11:41 am