http://www.haven-systems.co.uk/contact-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy together with our General Data Protection Regulation Policy and any other documents referred to in it sets out how Haven Systems Limited uses and protects any information that you give us when you use the Website.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (“Data Protection Legislation”), Haven Systems Limited is the ‘data controller’. HAVEN SYSTEMS LIMITED is a company registered in England (company no. 03532684) with its registered address at Vine Road, Johnston, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, SA62 3NZ.
What personal data do we collect from you?
Whilst you can use the Website without giving out your personal data, once you contact us via the Website, Haven Systems collects information about you, which may include:
Your name;
Address;
Email address; and
Telephone numbers (including mobile).
We may also collect technical information about you when you visit the Website. This information may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform, and browser plug-in types and versions. Information about your visit(s) to the Website may also be collected. The collected information is used to provide an overview of how people are accessing and using the Website. It is not used for any additional purpose, such as to profile those who access the Website.
What do we do with the information we collect?
We may use your personal information:
to assess your suitability for any particular service;
to process order requests for our services;
to give you information that you request from us and to improve our services;
to notify you about changes to our services;
to allow us to operate the Website efficiently;
any relevant troubleshooting, testing or statistical analysis as appropriate; and
to keep the Website secure.
We may, where we have obtained your express permission, also use the information collected to:
provide you with information about our services that we offer via promotional emails;
keep you up to date with features on the Website; and
permit selected third parties to provide you with information about goods or services they feel may interest you (a list of such third parties are available on request).
You can opt-out of any of these data uses at any time by emailing gdpr@haven-systems.com. We will only keep your information for as long as reasonably required.
How do we protect your personal data?
When we collect information about you, we also make sure that your information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, manipulation, falsification, destruction or unauthorised disclosure. This is done through appropriate technical measures.
However, you should be aware that providing information over the internet can never be guaranteed as being completely safe and if you choose to send such information to us via the internet, you do so at your own risk.
How can you access the personal data we have on you?
You have the right to request access to the personal information we have relating to you. You can do this by contacting us at info@haven-systems.com. In order to comply with your request, we will ask you to verify your identity.
We will fulfil your request by sending a copy of your personal data electronically, unless the request expressly specifies a different method.
How can you correct or delete your personal data?
If you believe that the personal data we have about you is incorrect, you are welcome to contact us so we can update it and keep your data accurate. If at any point you wish for us to delete information about you, you can simply email us at info@haven-systems.com.
When and how can we update this Privacy Policy?
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this webpage. We regularly review our Privacy Policy and strive towards making it better.
Please check this page from time to time for any changes. Please note that where you have provided your consent to certain data processing activities we won’t change this Privacy Policy in a way which would affect these consents without seeking your permission first.
We recommend that you print a copy of this page for your reference.
How do we use cookies?
This Website uses cookies to help us recognise different users of the Website and to provide users of the Website with a good experience when using it. Please see our Cookies Policy for further information.
How can you make a complaint?
Please note that if you are not satisfied with the processing of your personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy, you have the right to issue a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/concerns/).
How can you contact us?
Please contact us at gdpr@haven-systems.com if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us or write to:
Haven Systems Limited
Vine Road
Johnston
Haverfordwest
Pembrokeshire
SA62 3NZ
Email: gdpr@haven-systems.com
Contact Us 01646 601992 sales@haven-systems.co.uk
Follow @HavenEPOSHomeSectorEducationHospitalityTransportTourismContact UsContact InformationWork For Haven SystemsPrivacy PolicyGDPR Policy
Home
Sector Education Hospitality Transport Tourism
Contact Us Contact Information Work For Haven Systems Privacy Policy General Data Protection Regulation Policy News