https://www.gatherspace.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement Gatherspace.com has created this privacy statement (“Statement”) in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the gatherspace.com web site (the “Site”) is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Viewing Company Requirements Data:Does Gatherspace.com ever view or use my requirements, use cases, or other data? No. Gatherspace.com will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any such Data except as provided in the Gatherspace.com Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law. Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation of the Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law. Of course, customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and password.
Collected Information:We require customers who register to use the services offered on our Site (collectively, the “Service”) to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. Customers can update or remove their personal information at any time by logging into the Website and editing their Personal Information within Setup or by sending an email to info@gatherspace.com requesting to remove all information. Customers can view their updated profile to confirm their edits have been made.
Gatherspace.com uses the information that we collect to set up the Service for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest in our company and the Service that we provide. Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by sending an email to info@gatherspace.com. Separately, customers are also asked to provide an email address when registering for the Service, in order to use our service. Again, email will not be distributed or shared and customers can opt out of receiving any communication by emailing info@gatherspace.com.
Customers of the Service will be using the Site to host data and information (“Data”). Gatherspace.com will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any such Data. Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation of the Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law. Of course, customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and password.
Gatherspace.com may also collect certain information from visitors to and customers of the Site, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.
Opt-Out from Auto Charges:Upon agreeing to the subscription agreement, your credit card will be charged automatically for the agreed amount and terms. Term will begin on the Effective Date and continue for the period of time specified in the initial Order Form. Thereafter, this Agreement will automatically renew for successive Terms, unless one of the parties gives written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the then-current Term. To do this, you can email support@gatherspace.com to make your request. Gatherspace shall provide Customer with no less than thirty (30) days prior written notice of the end of the term. Gatherspace reserves the right to increase the Fees applicable to any renewal term upon prior written notice to Customer.
Cookies:When you interact with the gatherspace.com Website we strive to make that experience easy and meaningful. When you come to our Web site, our Web server sends a cookie to your computer. Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer’s hard drive and are used to tell us whether customers and visitors have visited the Site previously.
Standing alone, cookies do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to gatherspace.com, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or registering for a 30-day Test Drive, you remain anonymous to gatherspace.com. Cookies come in two flavors: session and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you’ve closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser.
Gatherspace.com uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in. This information allows gatherspace.com to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies help us make sure you are who you say you are after you’ve logged in and are required in order to use the gatherspace.com application. Gatherspace.com uses persistent cookies, that only gatherspace.com can read and use, to identify the fact that you are a gatherspace.com customer or prior gatherspace.com Website visitor (whatever the case may be). We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. For example, we do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies. Users who disable their Web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Website but will not be able to successfully use our Service. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Some of our business partners (e.g. advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access or control over these cookies.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Gatherspace.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Agents:GatherSpace.com uses an outside credit card processing company to process payments. These companies do not retain or share any of this information.
We do not share, sell, rent or trade personal identifiable information (PII) with third parties for their promotional purposes.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site.
Third-Party Sites:The Site contains links to other web sites. Gatherspace.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites. Customers and visitors will need to check the policy statement of these others web sites to understand their policies. Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential.
Information for testimonials are not collected on the site. They are only collected during actual correspondance between Gatherspace managers and customers with the permission of customers. If you do provide a testimonial, we will remove it upon request.
If you post a testimonial on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of this site, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit on this site.
Security:Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Data under our control. When our Site is accessed using Netscape Navigator, or Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 5.5 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that Data is safe, secure, and available only to you. Gatherspace.com also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and hosts the Site in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, gatherspace.com provides unique user names and passwords that must be entered each time a customer logs on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of Data.
Opt-Out Policy:Gatherspace.com offers its visitors and customers a means to choose how we may use information provided. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering the Service, you change your mind about receiving information from us, send us a request specifying your new choice. Simply send your request to info@gatherspace.com.
Additional Information:Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed to info@gatherspace.com.
Changes in this Privacy Statement If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Archives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org