https://www.trafficgraphics.com/privacy-statement/
At Professional Traffic Graphics, Inc., we value every customer and want your online experience to be the best.To ensure integrity, Professional Traffic Graphics Inc. will use any customer information collected by us for identification and contact purposes only. Regarding e-mail, Professional Traffic Graphics Inc. does not send unsolicited or “spam” e-mail. Professional Traffic Graphics Inc. uses e-mail addresses collected for e-mail alerts and newsletters, which are used to communicate new information, special offers, and new products to our customers. All customers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time. Professional Traffic Graphics Inc. does not sell or rent its e-mail lists to third parties. It is against our policy to provide any customer information to any third party without the customer’s prior permission.Direct any questions regarding this statement to Debbie Purcella.Your Personal InformationWe at Professional Traffic Graphics, Inc. recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information that we collect on our site to provide you with a superior shopping experience. When you order, we will ask for your name, e-mail address, mailing, and shipping address, credit card number, and expiration date. In addition, we ask that you indicate whether you would like to receive additional information from Professional Traffic Graphic, Inc. keeping you informed of new products or features.We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party. Your billing information is seen only by the staff at Professional Traffic Graphic, Inc authorized to make credit charges to your account.SecurityWhen you place an order online, your personal information and credit card information are encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology before being sent over the Internet, making it virtually impossible for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred to Professional Traffic Graphics, Inc. Your credit card information is only stored in our database for 10 days (so in the event you wish to make changes to your order you may) , after that time credit cards numbers are no longer accessible to anyone even us.Note A change in the URL from http:// to https:// notifies you that you are using SSL. If the URL on a page asking you to provide personal information remains as https://, beware as this may result in an unsecured transmission.If you are not using a browser, which adheres to SSL Protocol and does not support 128-bit encryption, the information you provide may not be secure and we recommend that you contact Professional Traffic Graphics Inc. directly to order products.Toll-free 877-827-3279.CookiesIn order to make your Web surfing experience easier, certain Professional Traffic Graphics, Inc., online services may use cookies. Cookies save your preferences while you are at our site so you do not have to fill out forms or other areas with the information you may have already provided. Cookies are small pieces of code that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive. Cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server, this information can only be accessed when you enter your name and password.Professional Traffic Graphics Inc. sometimes offers links to other sites that we are not affiliated with. When you click a link you are leaving the Professional Traffic Graphics, Inc. website and we can not be responsible for your privacy at that point. The privacy policies or other terms of use of these sites you may link to while using the Traffic Graphics site may vary from ours. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.