http://www.trafficswarm.com/terms-of-service
My Account
FAQ
Testimonials
Contact
Follow Us:
Home
My Ads
My Commissions
My Offers
Surf
My Tools
My Training
TrafficSwarm Terms of Service
TrafficSwarm welcomes all webmasters and online
marketers who can follow a few simple rules. Our "Terms of Service" are
necessary to ensure a system that is fair to all users, and remains "family
safe" for the general public.
In a nutshell it goes something like this - If you try to cheat the
system, your account will be automatically deleted every time. If you're
honest and play fair you won't have any problems, and you'll get lots
of free traffic to your site.
With that being said, please read the full Terms of Service below ...
One
Account Per User
You can promote multiple URLs with just one TrafficSwarm account, and
there isn't any other reason you would need multiple accounts, so effective
immediately we are implementing a new rule of "one account per
user."
We have automated systems in place that can accurately detect users
who are creating multiple accounts. Please do not create more than
one account, as any others after your first account will be automatically
deleted.
Furthermore, TrafficSwarm accounts may not be given away, traded, bartered, sold or transferred to anyone else in any way -- period.  Again, monitoring systems are in place to detect such changes and any accounts found being transferred will be deleted.
"Bogus" Account Information
Any account with clearly bogus information will be automated deleted
by the system. Bogus information includes such things as entering "1234" as
your first name, "1234.com" as your email address, etc.
This also applies to your URLs, Titles and Descriptions. We manually
review every link, so entering meaningless information such as "asdfasdfasdf",
etc. wastes our time and will result in your account being deleted.
If you are concerned about your privacy, please note that we adhere
to a very comprehensive Privacy Policy. Your personal information is
not shared with anyone, for any reason, and we don't bombard our users
with "spam".
You can view the full TrafficSwarm Privacy Policy by clicking on the
Privacy Policy link at the bottom of any page of our site.
Agreement to Receive Mailings
By joining TrafficSwarm, you agree to receive email from the company
including: the TrafficSwarmAdvisor Newsletter, periodic announcements
about traffic products and other announcements or offers. You have
the right to cancel these emails by canceling your membership.
Random Start Page Click Verification
The Start Page Click Verification system is an integral part of our
anti-cheat protection system, which ensures you receive only real,
live targeted traffic from TrafficSwarm. It prevents cheaters from
using automated scripts or software to simulate "clicks" and
earn credits for doing nothing.
Users of the TrafficSwarm Start Page may randomly be presented with
an ad with a title that indicates that the particular ad is really an anti-fraud test ad and should not be clicked on.
All that is required to pass this "cheat" test is to not click the ad.
If you click the anti-fraud test ad, your account will be updated
to reflect a failed click test. After five failures, your account will
be permanently locked.
Loading your Start Page Too Fast
Loading and re-loading your Start Page over and over as fast as you
can in an attempt to earn more credits is strictly prohibited, because
it is a waste of other users' hard-earned credits. There's no reason
to load your Start Page at all if you aren't even going to look at
what loads on your screen ...
And using any type of software, emulator, script, robot, or other automated
mechanisms to load your Start Page, or any other TrafficSwarm URL,
multiple times simultaneously is strictly prohibited.
We have automated monitoring systems in place that easily and accurately
detect this type of activity, and you will receive a warning if you
are loading pages too fast. If you disregard these warnings and continue
abusing the system in this way, your account will be automatically
deleted.
Automated Page Loading/Rotators
Our #1 priority is to maintain the above-average results people achieve
with TrafficSwarm, and the only way we can accomplish this is by ensuring
that all users' links are displayed only to real, live, targeted prospects.
Any script, auto surf, rotator or other system that loads pages automatically
goes directly against this primary objective, and thus you may not
use these methods to activate or promote your TrafficSwarm Start Page.
Our system can easily detect this, and will automatically delete any
TrafficSwarm account which is being loaded automatically.
The only page you may promote using these automated methods, if you
want, is your Referral URL used to refer new TrafficSwarm users.
Promoting
your Start Page
You may NOT promote or encourage others to use your Start Page, under
any circumstances. Every user has their own Start Page, and anyone
that wants a TrafficSwarm Start Page just needs to create a free account.
The proper way to introduce other people to TrafficSwarm is by promoting
your Referral URL - read the Refer Others To TrafficSwarm section of
the members' site.
If you promote your Start Page and/or allow other people to use it,
you will receive an email warning -- once per occurrence. After 3 warnings
your account will be automatically deleted if you continue to promote
your Start Page.
Excessive Page Loading with No Activity
Despite the fact there is a limit on the number of credits any user
can earn in a day by only loading their own Start or other pages (and
not clicking any links), some dishonest folks try to cheat the system
by loading their own page 100s or 1000s of times in a very short period
of time.
This puts an unnecessary load on our servers, is unfair to other honest
users, and is strictly prohibited. In order to prevent such abuses,
we have various systems in place to automatically detect such activity.
We can't describe them all for obvious reasons, but one of the primary
systems will automatically delete any account that does not generate
at least 1 click for every 500 loads of that account's Start page.
Specific
Sites NOT Allowed
TrafficSwarm is a "Family Safe" network. This means that
any site being promoted via TrafficSwarm must be appropriate for a
general audience. Sites which contain OR promote any of the following
are NOT allowed:
Adult or Pornographic content
Software pirating
or other illegal content
Inflammatory, defamatory or offensive
content
Sites that break out of our Start
Page frame
Furthermore, sites from the following may not be promoted at this time:
.tk Domains - Most people cannot view these domains
Rotator Sites - Each URL being promoted is reviewed before it can be promoted.  Since we cannot review every possible URL in a rotator site, these sites may not be promoted.
If you try to promote a site that is blatantly against this policy,
your account will be deleted without warning and you will lose
all credits. If your site is questionable we suggest you ask before
promoting
it via TrafficSwarm.
Other Inappropriate Sites
TrafficSwarm, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to remove
any site that is deemed inappropriate. Other inappropriate sites
include, but are not limited to, sites that use multiple pop-ups
or pop-unders,
sites that use malicious or annoying javascript code, sites that
violate users' privacy, etc.
There may be other sites that TrafficSwarm deems inappropriate for any number of reasons (quality of the site, questionable content, etc.).
The bottom line is that TrafficSwarm reserves the right to reject any site for any reason.
Currently, TrafficSwarm serves the world's English-speaking population
- so sites in another language are not accepted at this time. Please
don't submit sites with Non-English content as it will not help
you anyway.
Anti-Spam Policy
We really don't care how you promote your own sites, but we are
strongly against any type of spam - including but not limited to
unsolicited
emails and inappropriate or bulk newsgroup postings. These techniques
may NOT be used to promote TrafficSwarm in any way, shape, or form.
Doing so will result in immediate and permanent account termination.Occasional
TrafficSwarm Updates
Occasionally (usually not more than twice per month) we will send
you important TrafficSwarm updates and/or announcements via email.
By creating
an account you are giving us permission to do so, and agree that
these email updates or announcements we send you are not "spam".
The email updates and/or announcements are very important to you
as a TrafficSwarm user, so should you decide that you don't want
to receive
these occasional emails from us you must cancel your TrafficSwarm
account.
Inactive
Accounts Automatically Deleted
Any account that has no activity after 60 days is automatically
deleted by the system. If your account is deleted for inactivity,
you will
need to create a new account should you decide that you want to
use TrafficSwarm in the future.
Miscellaneous
Obviously, anyone who tries to artificially inflate their credits
or cheat the system in any other way will be permanently deleted
and banned.
We have a very sophisticated system in place that can easily and
accurately detect such activity, which ensures that honest users'
credits are
not wasted.
© Copyright 2020 TrafficSwarm.com, LLC.  All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Data Policy
Report Abuse
Sitemap
Logout
Online Partners:
Ad Tracking
Copyright © 2002-2020. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Report Abuse
Sitemap
Logout
Online Partners:
Ad Tracking