https://www.soleratec.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyNatalie2019-10-16T09:49:51-07:00
Privacy Policy
SoleraTec LLC values the users of our web site. We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information that we may collect when you use the SoleraTec LLC web site. Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have implemented this privacy policy to tell you about the information we collect from you, how we collect this information, and what we do with it after we collect it. By using the SoleraTec LLC web site you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
Privacy Policy Modifications
We will never change this privacy policy so in a way that will effect the confidentiality of the information that you provide to us. When we make any material change to this privacy policy, we will inform you by changing the date on this page noting when the policy was last updated.
Use of Analytic and Reporting Technologies
Like the operators of most web sites, we use analytic and reporting technologies to record non-personal information such as internet domain and host names, internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software and operating system types, clickstream patterns, and the dates and times that the SoleraTec LLC web site is accessed. We collect this information so that we can better suit our web site to user needs.
Use of Non-Personal Information
We collect “non-personal” information from you, such as your browser type, the URL of the previous web site you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your IP Address. This information cannot be easily used to personally identify you. We collect this information so that we can better suit our web site to user needs.
Use of Personal Information
SoleraTec collects personal information from you only when you explicitly provide personal information. Personal information is information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. We use personal information only for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the SoleraTec LLC web site, fulfilling requests for information, and providing customer support.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
We will never disclose your personal information to third parties without your explicit consent.
Protection of Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow the highest industry standards and best practices to ensure that your information is protected both during transmission and after we receive it.
How to Change Your Personal Information
If your personal information changes or if you no longer want to use the SoleraTec LLC web site, please contact us.
Cookies
A cookie is a message stored on your computer’s hard drive that is sent to your computer from a web server. Most web sites use cookies. We use cookies to track your use of the SoleraTec LLC web site so that we can provide you with better service and allow you to sign in and use SoleraTec LLC services automatically when you visit the web site.
Third Party Web Sites
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party sites that you might contact through the SoleraTec LLC web site. SoleraTec LLC cannot control how third parties may use personal information you disclose to them.
Children’s Privacy
The SoleraTec LLC web site is not designed to attract or serve children. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from anyone we know to be under the age of 18. Additionally, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child.
Opting Out From Receiving Communications from SoleraTec LLC
If you no longer wish to receive newsletters and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us.
Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as necessary to permit us to use it for the purposes that we have communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations.
Privacy Questions
If you have questions or concerns about SoleraTec’s Customer Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us. Someone from SoleraTec will respond to your inquiry within one business day.
Law Enforcement
A complete solution offering products for both at the department, in the field, and at a desk.
ARQvault
Media & Entertainment
Uniquely designed to support video production workflows while efficiently managing a growing pool of data.
PHOENIX VCM
City Surveillance
A single solution that lets you record high-quality video and store it as long as you need.
PHOENIX RSM
Discover The Future
SoleraTec provides the best digital asset management technologies to an ever-expanding market. Let us show you how.
Contact Us
Go to Top