https://www.collate.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Collate Business Systems Ltd. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.collate.co.uk.
Collate Business Systems Ltd. do not disclose visitors information to third parties.
Any information that you provide us with, whether it be business or personal information (such as your name or address), cannot be seen by third parties.
The information we do keep is stored on our own computer systems, not on a web site.
This site may at times contain links to other sites.  Collate Business Systems Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This policy, together with our Terms and Conditions, explains how we might use information we collect about site visitors as well as site visitor rights. By accessing our site, you confirm that you have understood both our Terms and Conditions and this policy and that you have agreed to them.
Information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you:
visit the Website
register with or request services on the Website
take part in promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires
contact us eg in writing, call customer services
Using your information
Collecting your personal information helps us to better understand what you need from us. We use your information to:
manage and improve the Website
administer and operate your account
process your orders
Your personal information is safe with us and will never be released to third parties for their marketing purposes.
Marketing and research
If you agree, we may contact you:
with offers and information about our products or services
for customer research eg to help improve our services
Whether or not you choose to receive these updates is entirely your choice. If you do not check the appropriate box, we will not send you updates and offers.
Contact legitimate interests
Under the new data protection law starting in May 2018 we have a number of lawful reasons that we can use (or ‘process’) your personal information. For B2B accounts one of the lawful reasons is called ‘legitimate interests’.
Broadly speaking Legitimate Interests means that we can process your personal information if we have a genuine and legitimate reason and we are not harming any of your rights and interests.
So, what does this mean? When you provide your personal details to us we use your information for our legitimate business interests to carry out our work of servicing businesses throughout our territory. Before doing this, though, we will also carefully consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights.
Some typical examples of when we might use the approach are for preventing fraud, direct marketing, maintaining the security of our systems, data analytics, enhancing, modifying or improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our campaigns and sales.
We will process the personal information you have supplied to us to conduct and manage our business to enable us to give you the most appropriate marketing, information, service and products and provide the best and most secure experience. These are what we consider to be our ‘Legitimate Interests’.
Our interests
The following are some examples of when and why we would use this approach in our work:
Marketing: We will make best effort to ensure our marketing is tailored and relevant for you where-ever we deem you to be in the sales cycle.
Process Orders: In order for us to process an order, payment has to be taken and contact information collected, such as name, delivery address and telephone number, provided. Both the buyer and seller would need to record the transaction.
Your best interest: Processing your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
Personalisation: Where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services/communications for the benefit of our customers and prospects.
Analytics: To process your personal information for the purposes of customer analysis, assessment, profiling and marketing, on a personalised or aggregated basis, to help us with our activities and to provide you with the most relevant information if this does not harm any of your rights and interests.
Research: To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising and to develop our products, services, systems and relationships with you.
Due Diligence: We may need to conduct investigations on supporters, potential customers and business partners to determine if those companies and individuals have been involved or convicted of offences such as fraud, bribery and corruption.
We will also hold information about you so that we can respect your preferences for being contacted by us.
Your interests
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests – we will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Remember, you can change the way you hear from us or withdraw your permission for us to process your personal details at any time by using our contact form on the ‘Contact Us’ page or by using our online Preference Centre.
Last amended: May 2018
Cookies
New Cookie legislation requires us to explain how we might use Cookies on our site.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website.
Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. For those types of cookies that are strictly necessary, no consent is required.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like completing a form, cannot be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Using browser settings to manage cookies
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website’s essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For example, if you block or otherwise reject cookies you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to Sign in. If you leave cookies turned on, remember to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
Disclosing your information
We will never disclose your information to anyone outside the the company except where we have your consent; where we are required or permitted to do so by law; to other companies who provide a service to us; or any successors in title to our business.
Other websites
The Website may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and not covered by this policy. The operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their policy, which may differ from ours.
Changes to our policy
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of January 2013. We reserve the right to change the policy at any time.
Contacting us
If you have any queries, please contact us.
Collate History Contact Collate Today Collate Guarantee
Contact Collate
Please keep me up to date!
Testimonials
I and the RNLI would recommend Collate Business Systems as a supplier as they are always fast and efficient. The staff are friendly and ready to help, offering every solution possible.
RNLI
Caroline Slater, Networks and Telecoms,
Poole, Dorset.
Collate have supplied and maintained the Macmillan Caring Locally photocopiers for years. The reason we use Collate is that they consistently provide a fast, professional and responsive service at a competitive price. They are genuinely a pleasure to work with – the whole team are so friendly and always willing to help. We would definitely recommend Collate.
Macmillan Caring Locally
Neal Williams, Trust Secretary,
Christchurch, Dorset.
Collate inspired confidence from the start by listening to our needs here at U-Drive, and using their knowledge to provide excellent advice at a competitive price; that coupled with the smooth transition I have no hesitation in recommending them.
U-Drive
Richard Sutton, General Manager,
Portsmouth, Hampshire.
Thank you Collate! Bournemouth Foodbank's printer was so old and we were beginning to have issues with even printing out the vouchers to send to our referral agencies, enabling them to give local clients in crisis the form they need to receive a 3 day food parcel.  As a small charity with not much money, we were looking around for the best deal possible.  Collate came back to us with the best deal, however we couldn't commit to the full ter...
Bournemouth Foodbank
Deborah Bramley, Bournemouth Foodbank Project Director,
Bournemouth, Dorset
Over the past five months, I have been working with Simon on a managed printing solution for our company, Ross Brooke Ltd. Making this change was a big step for our company and throughout the process, from initial discussions, proposal through to contract signing, installation and training we have been impressed by Simon’s knowledge, commitment and overall understanding of our requirements and his ability to come up with solutions.
...
Ross Brooke
Jill Glasgow, HR/Office Support Manager,
Newbury, Berkshire
Liaison with Collate has been through Simon Kapuscinski. From the onset of obtaining a quotation for a leased photocopier through to installation, Simon has been very professional and explained every step in a clear concise manner. Date given for installation was kept and undertaken in a professional manner with no disruption to our Company. The photocopier chosen works excellently and has made a great difference to our administration workl...
Special Auction Services
Laura Inglut, Administration & Accounts,
Newbury, Berkshire
We have been delighted with the high level of service and professionalism provided by Collate Business Systems and Simon Kapuscinski. Superb levels of support and unrivalled technical expertise which has considerably reduced our office copier costs and increased productivity and reliability.  Approachable and friendly staff who go the extra mile and speak in plain English rather than jargon.  Great people to work with – can’t recommend them...
Bluebird Holidays
Steve Ring,
Weymouth, Dorset
I am very sorry that it has taken me a while to reposed to your e mail but I am very happy to provide a testimonial in this instance.
You will recall that I was very suspicious when you first phoned our offices and explained your proposition. I agreed to meet with you and found you very honest and personable. You also went to great lengths to demonstrate to me how the service that you offer would be of benefit to my business and I a...
St James Place Wealth Management
Malcolm Edwards FPFS, Chartered Financial Planner,
As a dynamic and technology led company we have to have the best in-house technology in place. Working with Collate has allowed us to maintain this high standard, implement time savings and cost efficiencies, and ultimately save money in the process
iMAG
Charli Harding, Co-founder & Director,
Poole, Dorset
Thank you so much for our new printer and all your help setting it up. It is going to help us so much with all our projects. From Ali and all the team at Pancreatic Cancer Action.
Pancreatic Cancer Action
Ali Stunt, Founder & Chief Executive,
Oakhanger, Hampshire
We are delighted with our new print solution and Bizhub machines from Collate. From the initial needs assessment through to installation and training, Collate has demonstrated a high degree of professionalism and expertise, and we look forward to a continued relationship
Rollalong
Michael Bretton, IT Manager,
Wimborne, Dorset
Our company has recently switched to Konica Minolta MFDs and we have worked with Mark and Adrian from Collate to replace our existing fleet of Canon devices. The transition to the new fleet of KM machines has been very smooth. Mark and Adrian have gone out of their way to assist in all aspects of the project, are well organised, flexible and very helpful to our end users. We would highly recommend
Carlisle Fluid Technologies
Dan Banning, IT,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Very professional and competitive on price. Paula is always able to help out and look for the best deals and comes back with suitable recommendations when the item we requested is not available. We will continue to recommend Collate Business Systems to others.
Bomb Cosmetics
Charlotte Chambers,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
St John Ambulance are very pleased with the service and help we receive from the office and engineers. They are always very knowledgeable and take time to explain in detail. The engineers are always very friendly and helpful and make the effort to ensure that we receive a fast response to our call-outs, if they can call into the office even after hours to help they do. Exceptional service.
St John Ambulance
Elaine Leighton, Sales and Marketing Manager,
Dorchester, Dorset.
Last year we conducted a rigorous review of our office equipment suppliers; we are now delighted to confirm that Collate Business Systems Ltd supply the whole group! Which includes “Olds Motor Group”, “The Wasabi Company”, “The Watercress Company” and “Highwood”. From the very start Collate were professional but friendly; we really felt we were being listened to and we liked that.  It is our pleasure to recommend this company and its staff ...
The Watercress Company
Andrea Guppy, Senior Administrator,
Basingstoke, Hampshire.
We did a lot of shopping around for a printer which would best suit our business needs. When we spoke to Mark at Collate he ran through all of our options and costs, then provided a printer which exceeds our expectations and saves us money every month! All of that with friendly and helpful staff, we know we have made the right choice. We look forward to a long future together.
Platform One Limited
Jeremy Sims, Operations Manager,
Wimborne, Dorset.
Collate’s installation of our new Konica Minolta Bizhub C284e was amazingly painless and we are delighted with the performance of not only the copier but also the Collate team who have been easy to contact and quick to respond to any issues.  Wonderful to be dealing with real people again!
Admiral Marine Ltd
Jane Dodd, Business & Financial Manager,
Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Collate Business Systems work closely with The IT Department on key accounts where a full range of business office services are required. Because most printing services now touch the LAN and often the server, The IT Department would rather partner with a company who understand these technologies. Collate understand IT as well as their own equipment so are able to help trouble shoot issues quickly and with no bother to the customer. Collate’...
The IT Department
Matthew Newnham, Strategic Development Manager,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate Business Systems has provided Chapman+Co with printers/photocopies for over 10 years now. We have always been very happy with the service they have provided. Their response is always rapid, helpful and completely customer focused. Their costs are also very competitive. We would definitely recommend Collate to anyone.
Chapman+Co
Vicky Dalton, Practice Manager,
Winchester, Hampshire.
It was important for the school to source a partner that had the ability and knowledge to provide the discovery/recommendation and solution the school required but most importantly, post installation Collate were there with extensive training and support for our staff. The solution from Collate offered powerful reporting tools allowing department heads to interrogate the printing done on each account, take action and limit certain users if ...
Budmouth College
David Bone, Director of HR and Finance,
Weymouth, Dorset
Barrell Tree Consultancy have been sourcing multi-function office machines from Collate Business Systems for almost ten years.  During that time, they have consistently delivered an excellent service with rapid response times.  We have found them to be friendly, helpful and focused on solving any problems that do occur with minimal fuss or inconvenience.  For those reasons, we would not hesitate to recommend them to other businesses in the ...
Barrell Tree Consultancy
Rosalind Barrell, Company Secretary,
Fordingbridge, Hampshire.
United World School of English has used Collate for a number of years. They are friendly, professional and efficient, always happy to help no matter how trivial the problem. We would thoroughly recommend them to any company that is considering using their services.
United World School of English
Yvette, Director of Studies,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate Business Systems have supplied Hearnes Estate Agents since our first day of business back in the 1990’s and still supply all our printing scanning and copying requirements today. They have always supplied both quality products and services to Hearnes and I would strongly recommend them to any company looking for fellow professional’s to deal with.
Hearnes Estate Agents
Sally Gravener, Managing Director,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate Business Systems have supplied Abacus Repro for many years now, they have made efforts to understand our business-constantly monitoring what we do and ensuring we have the correct technology. Their business ethics and attention to customer service is refreshing in this day and age. They are straight forward open and honest. I trust them, I have and will recommend them to any business looking for a partner. They are more than just a ...
Abacus Repro Limited
Kevin Smith,
Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Frost & Company have been using Collate Business Systems for our photocopy and printing needs for close to 20 years and throughout that time have been totally happy with the service we have received. Their response is always rapid and nothing is ever too much trouble. They keep us up to date with the equipment we need but have never been pushy salesmen and it is always a pleasure to deal with them. I have recommended Collate Business Sy...
Frost & Company
Stephen Frost,
Wimborne, Dorset.
Being the largest serviced office complex in South Dorset, we must have excellent copying/printing services for our 50+ tenants.  Collate Business Systems has provided that since we started up in 2007.  They have also helped several of our tenant businesses who have progressed to their own separate requirements.
Lynch Lane Offices Limited
Charlotte Buckle, Director,
Weymouth, Dorset.
We have dealt with Collate Business Systems for all our copying systems since the 1990’s, because they represent service and price = great value for money.
Comms UK Limited
Geoff Timms, Managing Director,
Wimborne, Dorset.
As a company we have been utilising Paula’s professional expertise in printers and consumables for many years.  Whether it’s a toner cartridge for an old workhorse or advice on what new printer to purchase Paula is the person to contact.  We wouldn’t use anyone else.
Northampton Diesel
Claire Payne,
Northampton
I have dealt with Collate Business Systems for a variety of print consumables and machines for many years. They offer great advice on everything from a large format printer to a budget inkjet fax machine, and I have bought many machines from them over the years, at VCP Services. They always recommend the right equipment for the purpose and dealing with them is always a pleasure. As I work around a variety of sites it’s helpful to be able to...
VCP Services LTD
Vince Clamp, Director,
Pennington, Hampshire.
Marden Edwards have a strong and productive relationship with Collate who have supplied us constantly for the past decade or more. We require flexibility around support and that area has been tailored to our needs. Collate are a professional company who seem to instinctively know our pain points and are there on hand to assist. I would say that a key benefit to us as a company is that Collate sales and support operations are seamless and th...
Marden Edwards Ltd
Pierre Daniel, Purchasing Manager,
Wimborne, Dorset.
As a specialist volume printer it was important that Dupli-Service not only had heavy duty equipment, capable of printing high volumes at speed, but that they also had excellent print quality and reliability. In an age of throw away technology, this is often hard to find.
After much research we chose Collate Business Systems Ltd as our supplier early in 2008 and secured both a colour and a mono production machine. As they were Konic...
Dupli-Service
Richard Ferns, Business Owner,
Poole, Dorset.
Craftwood Banqueting Seating Specialists have always dealt with Collate. We find them flexible, always ready to help and nothing is too much trouble. A few years ago we had a temporary office for six months and required a short term rental. Collate provided equipment tailored to the purpose with no contracts. The whole thing was hassle free, just straight forward common sense. I am happy to recommend Collate Business Systems Ltd as they are...
Craftwood Banqueting Seating Specialists
Mandy Lofthouse, Finance Director,
Hurn, Christchurch, Dorset.
The relationship between Kings Bench Chambers and Collate Business Systems dates back to early 2001. Since that date they have provided quality products and service. We require integrity from our suppliers that is beyond reproach, Collate are not found wanting. When we contact them we are not a number in a big system, we are a valued client and made to feel that way, it’s refreshing.
Kings Bench Chambers
Alan Conner, Senior Clerk,
Christchurch, Dorset.
Mortgage Intelligence have worked with the Collate team since March 2000, 14 years and have enjoyed a great working relationship. Collate have always supplied us with quality products - we currently have a number of Konica Minolta Bizhub C224’s and use servicing as is required, via their new remote monitoring system. We are very happy to give Collate our seal of approval. When I call Collate I speak to real people that want to help!
Mortgage Intelligence
Richard Morgan, Project Manager,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Collate have provided all that I could ask. A professional attitude yet not detached. I know that Collate really care and have revealed this with their approch to after sales service. Collate have shown themselves willing to tackle issues in an innovative and collobrative manner to benefit the school.
Parkstone Grammar School
Gavin Glegg, Administrator,
Poole, Dorset.
We are so pleased with our new printer, this is the first time we have stepped away from our small everyday printers to our new Collate machine, I now wondered why we didn’t do this sooner!!! The information and service we have received has been fantastic. I would definitely recommend Collate to anyone, all the staff have been extremely helpful. Highly recommended!
Rowe Financial & Insurance Services Ltd
Becky Rowe, Director,
Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Collate business systems have supplied Aim Aviation for many years with colour/black and white multi-functional hardware, we are especially pleased with the scanning capabilities of the Bizhub equipment; it is without hesitation I recommend this company and staff.
Aim Aviation
David Ward, Finance Director,
Christchurch, Dorset.
I just wanted to thank you for our new BizHub. Firstly I am really pleased with the machine, we have done a couple of thousand on it already with no hiccups, very straightforward to use and the quality is excellent even on the heavier card stock.
The team at Collate couldn't have been more helpful and they had us up and running in no time.  Excellent service - and a free ipad to boot! Do pass on my thanks. Every dealing we have had ...
PP Printing
Richard Oswald,
Christchurch, Dorset.
I would like to pass on our thanks for Collate delivering an excellent customer service to us today. I reported a fault at 11.47am today and by 13.45, Mark had attended site and our machine had been repaired. Please pass on our thanks to all staff concerned.
Schlumberger
Christine Herring, Facilities Supervisor,
Southampton, Hampshire
Since Collate have installed their Remote Managed Service we no longer have to think about ordering toners, supplying meter readings or reporting any service issues leaving us free to concentrate on our own work.
Mark Pincott MPA Associates
Mark Pincott,
Bournemouth, Dorset.
Read all of our Testimonials
Connect with Collate
Document Solutions Made Simple
Call: 0800 954 8113
Email us: info@collate.co.uk or click here for other ways to contact us