https://www.bluechiptechnology.com/about-us/standards/policies/privacy-policy/
sales@bluechiptechnology.com
+44 (0) 1829 772 000
Products
Embedded Boards
Computer-on-Modules
Single Board Computers
Data Acquisition & Control
HMIs & Touch Displays
HMI Systems
Panel PCs
Industrial Monitors
Industrial Systems
Video Wall Controllers
Industrial Computers
Electronics Design
Core Services
Manufacturing
PCB / Board Design
Enclosure Design
Software Design
Supporting Services
Testing
Diagnostics & Repair
Product Lifecycle Management
Product Compliance
Supply Chain Management
About
Who We Are
Our Standards
Compliance
Policies
Careers
Current Vacancies
News
Support
Contact
Search
Products
Electronics Design
About Us
Support
Contact
Home » About Us » Standards » Policies » Privacy Policy
MenuAbout Us
Who We Are
Standards
Compliance & Accreditation
Policies
Terms & Conditions of Purchase
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Careers
Subscribe to our mailing list
Get helpful content from our Engineers and news on our latest products.
This privacy policy explains how we may use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website or get in contact with us.
Blue Chip Technology cares about you and your privacy. We intend for this privacy policy to be easy to consume and understand while at the same time being comprehensive.
The topics covered in this privacy policy are:
How do we collect information about you?
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How do we collect information about you?
We collect information about you in a number of ways, such as:
When you visit and browse our website (e.g. via cookies).
When you contact us using our website (e.g. via contact forms or live chat).
When you contact us directly (e.g. via email, by phone or meeting in-person).
During meetings and interviews.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect a variety of information about you, such as:
The pages you visit as you browse our website.
Your name and email address when you contact us.
Your payment information when you place an order with us.
This information is stored across internal computer systems, paper filing systems, and third party systems.
How will we use the information about you?
There are five main purposes for collecting and using your information;
To respond to your enquiry.
To process your order and manage your account.
To ensure security of data, personnel and our business.
To improve our customer service.
To carry out marketing activities.
We may need to share your information with third parties in order to accomplish the purposes listed above, for instance with credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies or market research agencies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. We aim to send only marketing information that we deem relevant to you, whether that be because you are a customer of ours, you operate in a specific industry or some other criteria.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us (contact details are provided at the end of this privacy policy).
Access to your information and correction
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
You also have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the address provided at the end of this privacy policy. We may make a small charge for this service.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you navigate to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 25 May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
by email: dataprotection@bluechiptechnology.com
by phone: 01829 772 000
by post: Blue Chip Technology Ltd, Chowley Oak, Chowley Oak Lane, Tattenhall, Cheshire CH3 9EX
ISO 9001 Quality Management certified by BSI under certificate number FM 33069
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions of Sale