http://www.arxan.com/privacy-policy
Digital.ai Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how Digital.ai process personal data and other information through its website (the “Website”) by explaining what types of information Digital.ai collects, how that information is used, Digital.ai’s sharing practices, and your choices. Digital.ai is the controller for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Information We CollectWe collect information from you directly, automatically through the Website and from third parties. Each collection mechanism is described in more detail in this Privacy Policy.Information You Provide DirectlyWhen you contact us through the Website, we ask you to provide us with your name, email address, company name, job title, phone number, and resident country. We request this information in order to effectively address your comments and questions and provide you with relevant information in response to your inquiry.When you access or download certain resources, including solution briefs, case studies, analyst reports, ebooks, guides, whitepapers, product demonstrations, or webinars, we ask for your name, email address, company name, job title, phone number, and resident country so that we can provide you with the content you have requested and provide you with information about our products and services that may be of interest to you.We collect any information that you submit through the chat functionality on our Website in order to respond to your questions. This chat functionality uses some automated processes to assess how we can best support your request(s).We collect any information that you provide on our Website in connection with support queries, such as contact data and the content of any communications with us. If you apply for a job with Digital.ai, we collect any information you provide in connection with your application submission, including applications information submitted through any third party recruiting platforms used by us.   Automatically Collected InformationWe automatically collect the following types of information when you use our Website, including:• pages and files accessed;• time of access;• browser version;• operating system;• device ID;• previously visited pages (if you access our Website via a link);• IP address;• session ID; and• cookies, as explained in more detail in the next section.You may also be able to engage with Website through social media services or other third-party platforms, such as Facebook, including through third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. When you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations, or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information in your profile and information about your interaction with our content. For a description on how social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.CookiesWhen you visit our Website, we store certain information from your browser using cookies or similar technologies such as web beacons. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your device through your browser.  The cookies used by our Website include both session-based cookies, which expire after you close your browser or turn off your computer, and persistent cookies, which remain on your device until you affirmatively remove the. Cookies allow us to collect analytics data, remember your language settings, and perform other useful functions that help simplify your user experience. You can choose to accept all cookies or adjust your cookie settings the first time you visit our Website. You can modify your cookie settings at any time thereafter here: here.Third parties may also use cookies or similar technologies on our Website for advertising, retargeting, analytics, and tracking. Please see “More About Analytics and Advertising” and “Your Choices and Rights” below for more information about third party cookies.How We Use Your InformationWe use your information:•    to provide and improve our Website;•    to monitor interactions with our marketing emails;•    to conduct surveys;•    to protect our interests or the interests of third parties;•    to maintain and enhance the security of our Website;•    to prevent abuse of our Website;•    to comply with our legal obligations;•    to communicate with you;•    for analytics and advertising;•    to perform or enforce our agreements;•    to conduct hiring;•    for load distribution and optimization of our Website;•    to provide customer support in connection with our products;•    for any other purpose with your consent.Third Party Sharing We disclose information:•    to our affiliates in connection with your use of our services or our business relationship with you;•    to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our Website;•    to fulfill any purpose for which you provide it;•    for any other purpose disclosed to you when you provide the information; or•    with your consent.We may also disclose your information:•    to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;•    to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets;•    if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or interests, our investors, or others.Bases for ProcessingThe legal bases for our processing activities include:•    Your consent;•    Digital.ai exercising its rights and performing its obligations in connection with entering into or performing under any contract it makes with you;•    Compliance with our legal obligations;•    Digital.ai’s legitimate interests that are not overridden by your interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms.Cross-Border TransfersSometimes we may need to transfer information to countries in which applicable laws may not offer the same level of data protection as the laws of your home country. Individuals in the EEA: When we transfer information from individuals in the EEA to countries that have not received an adequacy finding under Article 45 of the GDPR, we rely on the safeguards set forth in Article 46 of the GDPR or derogations for specific situations set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR in order to transfer your information across international borders. When relying on a cross-border transfer mechanism under Article 49, we only collect and transfer your information to third countries: (i) with your consent; (ii) to perform a contract with you; or (iii) to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. You may request of copy of any applicable Article 46 agreements by contacting us as detailed in the “How to Contact Us” section.More About Analytics and AdvertisingWe use third party analytics services to help track how users interact with our Website. Third parties also use cookies or web pixels for online advertising personalization. Third-party tracking technologies are not controlled by us, even if they use our Website to help store or collect data.  Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by third-party advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect.  The relevant third party’s terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices.   Third-Party Platforms and Social MediaThis Privacy Policy applies only to Digital.ai and not to any other platforms, websites, or applications operated by third parties. Our Website may contain links to other platforms, websites, and applications which we believe may be of interest to you. Our Website also contains links that allow you to connect with us on social media. Digital.ai is not responsible for the privacy practices of any platforms, application, or websites not controlled by us. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website, application, or platform you use outside of our Website before providing any information to or through them.  Social Media Plug-insWhen you click on a plug-in on our Website, you will be connected to the social media platform you selected. Digital.ai currently uses plug-ins for the following social media platforms:Facebook: Provided by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, and Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5–7 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. An overview of Facebook plugins are available here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. Facebook’s privacy policy is available here: http://www.facebook.com/policy.LinkedIn: Provided by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. An overview of LinkedIn plugins are available here: https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. LinkedIn’s privacy policy is available here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.Twitter: Provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. An overview of Twitter plugins are available here: https://developer.twitter.com/. Twitter’s privacy policy is available here: https://twitter.com/privacy.Data Retention We only store information for as long as is needed to fulfil our contractual or legal obligations or any other permissible purpose for which we have collected it, including to prevent fraud or security incidents. When the applicable retention period has expired, we take measures to permanently delete the information, aggregate it, or anonymize it. SecurityWe use commercially reasonable administrative, physical, and technical measures to safeguard your information and help protect it from unauthorized access. However, we cannot guarantee complete protection of your information since transmission via the internet is not 100% secure. You play an important role in keeping your information secure. You should not share your user name, password, or other security information for your account with anyone. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us by contacting us as detailed in the “Contact Us” section.ChildrenOur Website is not directed to children, as defined under applicable law. If you believe that a child has provided their information to us through our Website, please contact us as detailed in the “Contact Us” section, so that we can take steps to delete it.Your Choices and RightsYou can control the use of cookies on our Website's Cookies Settings or within your browser. However, please note that disabling some or all cookies may affect the functionality of our Website. Our Website does not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI’s website at https://www.networkadvertising.org. You may also be able to opt out of receiving third-party behavioral ads by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices. We are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third-parties’ opt-out options.If you register for certain services on our Website, we may send you promotional emails. You can opt out of these promotional emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within any promotional email.To the extent required by law, we provide you with (i) reasonable access to your personal information collected through our Website, and (ii) the ability to review, correct, export, or delete your information, restrict its processing, or object to its processing. You may exercise the foregoing rights by contacting us using any of the mechanisms detailed in the “Contact Us” section. Individuals in the EEA: In addition to the foregoing rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe we have processed your information in a manner inconsistent with your privacy rights. We kindly request that you contact us first so that we may address your concern. California Residents: This Privacy Policy discloses the categories of personal information we have collected about California residents over the past twelve months, how we use that information, our business and commercial purposes for collecting that information, and the categories of third parties receiving personal information. We do not sell personal information and have no actual knowledge of selling the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. California residents have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. Because we do not sell personal information, we do not offer an opt out.California residents have the right to request that we disclose information about the personal information we collected, used, disclosed, and sold about them during the past twelve months and the right to request specific pieces of their personal information. California residents also have the right to request deletion of the personal information we have collected about them. You or your authorized agent can submit a request by emailing compliance@digital.ai. You will need to provide us with certain personal information for us to match with our records in order to verify your identity and residency. The personal information that we use to verify your identity and residency will not be used for any other purpose. California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their privacy rights, and we do not discriminate against California residents who exercise their privacy rights.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will notify you in accordance with applicable law prior to the changes becoming effective. Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or if you wish to exercise your individual rights, please contact us at: compliance@digital.ai.Last updated: August 31, 2020
© 2020 Digital.ai is a trademark of Digital.ai Software Inc. Legal Privacy Policy Cookie settings Anti-Slavery Statement Contact Us