http://www.epic.org/privacy/postal/dqi_comment.html
Before the
United States Postal Service
Washington, D.C. 20260 In the Matter of Privacy Act of 1974; Postal Service
Distribution Quality Improvement
COMMENTS OF THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER
AND PRIVACY RIGHTS CLEARINGHOUSE
August 13, 2004
The United States Postal Service has announced its intention
to engage in a "Distribution Quality Improvement" (DQI) program
where the government will use a commercially available name and address database
to improve mail processing.[1] This backup system will be employed where addresses
are inaccurate, incomplete, or illegible. Information available on the mailpiece
will be matched against a commercially available database of names and addresses,
and where a match if found, the USPS will spray an accurate delivery barcode
onto the mailpiece. The USPS has articulated clear security and privacy standards
for employment of DQI data once the information reaches the agency.
We applaud the USPS for carefully designing the DQI system
with privacy in mind. Specifically, we support the USPS' use of the minimum
necessary amount of information to perform address correction functions. We
also think it important that USPS maintain its proposed policy of not providing
information on names or addresses back to the commercial database vendor.
Our primary concern involves the increasing government reliance
on commercial data brokers (CDBs). Commercial data brokers allow some government
entities to perform an end-run around important privacy legislation, such
as the Privacy Act of 1974.[2] Essentially, CDBs allow government to do what
it cannot do legally­build dossiers on every American without a legitimate
agency purpose.
We think it important that the USPS require that any contractor
hired to perform DQI voluntarily comply with a series of Fair Information
Practices (FIPs) in all of their business functions. USPS has a unique opportunity
here to promote best practices in the CDB field by choosing a vendor that
promises to protect privacy.
We wish also to express here that while the USPS has clearly
invested exhaustive analysis on distribution improvement, many Americans want
a reduction in distribution. That is, they receive an inordinate and growing
amount of unwanted commercial solicitations in the mail. Standard techniques
to avoid these solicitations (such as limiting disclosure of home address
information, using a private mailbox, prohibitory orders, etc.) have become
increasingly ineffective, in part because of the sale of address information
by CDBs and other businesses. Even where CDBs claim to offer the ability to
opt-out of address sale and the exploitation of other personal information,
barriers have been erected to consumers' choice.[3] In other communications
systems, federal agencies have stepped in to supplement consumer choice where
the market has failed to produce privacy. For instance, the Federal Trade
and Federal Communications Commissions recently created the wildly popular
and successful Telemarketing Do-Not-Call Registry. Just last week, the Federal
Communications Commission prohibited wireless spam, and declared that unsolicited
messages sent by the Short Message Service violate federal consumer protection
laws.
Because existing methods of shielding the mailbox from unwanted
commercial solicitations are ineffective and self-regulatory efforts have
failed, we call upon the USPS to research and implement systems that would
give individuals more control over the mailbox. One possibility is a Do-Not-Mail
list, a system where individuals could set preferences to block saturation
mailings and/or individually-addressed commercial solicitations.
Promoting Best Practices
The USPS has an excellent opportunity to raise accountability
of CDBs by requiring successful bidders for the DQI system to comply with
a series of best privacy practices. The USPS should require that the commercial
vendor adhere to the following Fair Information Practices (FIPs):
Collection Limitation Principle: There should be limits to the collection
of personal data and any such data should be obtained by lawful and fair
means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the data
subject.
Data Quality Principle: Personal data should be relevant to the purposes
for which they are to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes,
should be accurate, complete and kept up-to-date.
Purpose Specification Principle: The purposes for which personal data
are collected should be specified not later than at the time of collection
and the subsequent use limited to the fulfillment of those purposes or such
others as are not incompatible with those purposes and as are specified
on each occasion of change of purpose.
Use Limitation Principle: Personal data should not be disclosed, made
available or otherwise used for purposes other than those specified in accordance
with Purpose Specification Principle except: (a) with the consent of the
data subject; or (b) by the authority of law.
Security Safeguards Principle: Personal data should be protected by reasonable
security safeguards against such risks as loss or unauthorized access, destruction,
use, modification or disclosure of data.
Openness Principle: There should be a general policy of openness about
developments, practices and policies with respect to personal data. Means
should be readily available of establishing the existence and nature of
personal data, and the main purposes of their use, as well as the identity
and usual residence of the data controller.
Individual Participation Principle: An individual should have the right:
(a) to obtain from the a data controller, or otherwise, confirmation of
whether or not the data controller has data relating to him;
(b) to have communicated to him, data relating to him within a reasonable
time; at a charge, if any, that is not excessive; in a reasonable manner;
and in a form that is readily intelligible to him;
(c) to be given reasons if a request made under sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)
is denied, and to be able to challenge such denial; and
(d) to challenge data relating to him and, if the challenge is successful,
to have the data erased, rectified, completed or amended.
Accountability Principle: A data controller should be accountable for
complying with measures, which give effect to the principles stated above.
Other Recommendations
Recipients of mail have no way of knowing that the DQI system
was employed on any given mailpiece. DQI corrects addresses by spraying an
accurate barcode onto the mailpiece. The majority of mail recipients, upon
seeing a DQI-generated barcode, will not realize that a commercial database
was consulted to obtain accurate contact information.
In order to improve notice, encourage accuracy, and reduce reliance
on commercial databases, we recommend that the USPS investigate whether a
notice that the address was inaccurate, incomplete, or illegible could be
sprayed on the mailpiece along with the barcode. A simple message, such as,
"Inaccurate/Incomplete/Illegible Address Rectified Using DQI; Notify
Sender of Correct Address," could alert recipients to errors and encourage
them to contact the sender. Respectfully submitted,
Chris Jay Hoofnagle
Associate Director
Electronic Privacy Information Center Jordana Beebe
Communications Director
Privacy Rights Clearinghouse
[1] Privacy Act of 1974, System of Records, 69 Fed. Reg. 42221 (Jul. 14, 2004),
to be codified at USPS 500.100.
[2] See Chris Jay Hoofnagle, Big Brother's Little Helpers: How ChoicePoint
and Other Commercial Data Brokers Collect and Package Your Data for Law Enforcement,
29 N.C.J. Int'l L. & Com. Reg. 595 (Summer 2004).
[3] See, e.g. Ryan Singel, Acxiom Opts Out of Opt-Out, Nov. 17, 2003, available
at http://www.wired.com/news/print/0,1294,61240,00.html (explaining that Acxiom,
a major CDB, will not honor bulk opt-out requests from Private Citizen, Inc.,
a company that for a small fee will opt out individuals from many different
list brokers and other sources of commercial mailings).
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
August 13, 2004
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/postal/dqi_comment.html