https://www.hrprofile.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: January 1, 2013 You must read this Privacy Policy in its entirety prior to accessing and using this website (the "Website"). The Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. Please read it each time you visit the Website. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may not access and use the Website. Use of the Website signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
The Website. This a Website owned and operated by HR ProFile, Inc., an Ohio corporation located at 8506 Beechmont Avenue, Cincinnati, Ohio 45255 ("HRProfile.com"). HRProfile.com respects your privacy and has written this Privacy Policy so that you are aware of the information HRProfile.com collects from you and how the information is used. Sections 13 and 14 apply specifically to data collected pursuant to the performance of certain investigative services for clients (which is not collected through this Website), while the remainder of the provisions apply to data collected pursuant to use of the Website.
Eligible Users. Use of the Website is governed by the laws of the United States. When you provide us with information, you acknowledge that the information will be stored and processed on servers located in the United States. No one under the age of 18 may use the Website. This Website does not comply with the terms and conditions of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Information Collected By Us. You may access and use the Website without completing a user registration and without providing us with your Personal Information. "Personal Information" means information that identifies a person, such as the person's full name, business address, email address, telephone number, or any other information that would allow someone to identify or contact you. If you wish to receive more information about our products and services or sign up for our newsletters and other publications, you must provide us with your Personal Information.
Use of Personal Information. e use your Personal Information to communicate with you about our products and services and to provide you with our newsletters and other publications. We generally do not disclose Personal Information to third parties except as necessary to comply with applicable law or to investigate wrongful activity. We may disclose Personal Information to trusted third party contractors who assist us in running the Website and performing services for us. We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Use of Cookies. We may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. We may use cookies to enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance your Website experience. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any Personal Information while on the Website. If you reject the cookie, you may still use the Website.
Use of Log Files. We may use IP addresses (log files) to analyze trends, administer the Website, track the movement of users, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to Personal Information.
Suspected Privacy Policy Violations. If you feel that HRProfile.com is not abiding by this Privacy Policy, please contact HRProfile.com via registered mail to: HR ProFile, Inc., 8506 Beechmont Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45255, Attention: Privacy Compliance Agent.
Notification of Changes. You should review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit HRProfile.com in order to be aware of the ways that your information is used. HRProfile.com reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy of HRProfile.com at any time. HRProfile.com will post Privacy Policy changes on this document so that HRProfile.com users are always aware of what information HRProfile.com collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, HRProfile.com discloses it.
Website Links. The Website may contain links to other websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by HRProfile.com. HRProfile.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites linked to this Website. HRProfile.com encourages you to read the privacy policies of websites connected through this Website.
Security. The Company does not make warranties or representations regarding the security of Content. While we cannot guarantee the security of information, we utilize a combination of online and offline security technologies, procedures and organizational measures to help safeguard consumer information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Access to certain HR ProFile web pages and online services is not available to the general public and requires a login code and password provided by HR ProFile. Those web pages utilize a combination of online and offline security technologies, and the information transferred to and from those pages is made available only to clients of HR ProFile. On these web pages, HR ProFile collects only information that the user voluntarily shares with HR ProFile.
Incorporation by Reference; Entire Agreement; Severability. The Terms of Use for HRProfile.com are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof. The Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and HRProfile.com with respect to use of this Website. Should any provision of this Privacy Policy be held invalid, unlawful or for any reason unenforceable, then the invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall be severable from the remaining provisions. Such invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Your California Privacy Rights. HRProfile.com complies with the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003, California Business and Professional Code 22575 - 22579. If you are a California resident, we will, upon your written request, provide you with: (a) the names and addresses of all third parties to which HRProfile.com has disclosed your Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes (if any); (b) the categories of information HRProfile.com disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year (if any); and (c) if the nature of the third party direct marketer's business cannot be reasonably determined by the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed. In order to obtain this information, please contact us at: HRProfile.com, Attention: California Privacy Rights, HR ProFile, Inc., 8506 Beechmont Ave, Cincinnati, OH 45255. Please include your name and the address where we should send our response. We will attempt to respond within thirty days after receipt.
California Privacy Practices With Respect to Company's Preparation and Processing of Investigative Consumer Reports. Company is subject to California Civil Code Sections 1786-1786.60. In performing investigative services for our clients (which services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of an agreement between Company and our client and not by the Terms of Use for this Website), Company may collect certain personal information (as defined in Section 22577, California Business and Professional Code) about a consumer (the "Consumer Information") and provide such Consumer Information to our client. An individual's Consumer Information may only be collected and disclosed to our client pursuant to a written authorization and for a permissible purpose, as required by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.a. Privacy Practices With Respect To Consumer Information Collected in the Preparation and Processing of Investigative Consumer Reports. When HR ProFile conducts a background screening investigation about you, HR ProFile may disclose information that you submit through this web site to the HR ProFile client that ordered a background screening investigation on you. HR ProFile also may disclose your information to certain third parties as necessary to conduct the background investigation (such as educational institutions, prior employers, courts, law enforcement agencies and other persons or entities that may provide or verify information about you), as well as to a third-party representative or subcontractor authorized by HR ProFile to assist in the background screening investigation. These third party representatives and subcontractors include service providers that help host or support the web site or otherwise provide technical assistance, court researchers and other data and service vendors. HR ProFile transfers to these representatives and subcontractors only the personal information they need to deliver to HR ProFile (for the benefit of HR ProFile's client) the requested product or service. HR ProFile prohibits these third parties from using that information for any other purpose. HR ProFile requires that these parties maintain commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of your information. b. Personal Information Disclosure: United States or Overseas. Personal information submitted to HR ProFile for a background screening investigation may at times be transferred outside of the United States in order to perform the background investigation. All personal information will be transmitted and stored in a secure manner in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. c. Contact Information. If a consumer requires assistance regarding Company's privacy practices or policies in the event of a compromise of the consumer's information, he or she may contact the Company as follows: Contact Name: Director of Information Systems Mailing Address: 8506 Beechmont Ave, Cincinnati OH 45255 Email Address: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it Telephone Number 800-969-4300