https://www.firstinsights.com/privacy-policy/
close
MenuHome
About
Services
Usability Testing
Focus Groups
Ethnographic Research
Innovation Workshops
Heuristic Evaluations
Competitive Analysis
Ancillary Services
Our Work
Perspectives
Podcasts
Events
Contact
Usability Consulting & Research for the Digital MarketplaceNew York 212 926-3700 • Chicago 312 455-0088
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the First Insights LLC Terms of Use. The terms “First Insights” “we,” and “us” includes First Insights LLC and our affiliates and subsidiaries. The Privacy Policy explains how First Insights may:
collect,
use, and
disclose
information we obtain through the First Insights Service.
The “First Insights Service” means any digital interface including but not limited to services under First Insight’s control, whether partial or otherwise, in connection with providing its services. The First Insights Service provides an online interface that enables visitors to learn about, sign up for, and share information about market research & consulting services in the United States and other locations.
“Personal Information” means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
The First Insights Service Collects Your Information
We collect Personal Information when you opt in and:
register to use the First Insights Service;
provide information on the First Insights Service; and
communicate with us.
We also collect information, such as anonymous usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use the First Insights Service.
Registration and Account Information. You may need to register with a third party service provider to conduct business with First Insights. To register, you may need to provide Personal Information, such as your name, password, email address, zip code, telephone number, and company name.
Making Payments. When you make payments for services through the First Insights Service, you may need to provide Personal or Corporate Information to our third-party service providers, such as your credit card number and billing address. We may receive information about the expiration of your credit card or membership period from the service provider.
Customer Support. We may collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support team.
Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies. The First Insights Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it, including your preferences and anonymous usage statistics.
When you visit the First Insights Service, we and our third-party service providers receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and from cookies and similar technology. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the First Insights Service may not work properly.
By using the First Insights Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of the First Insights Service.
How First Insights Uses Your Information
We use Personal Information to
facilitate and improve our services; and
communicate with you.
We may use aggregate information for any purpose, including for marketing purposes.
Internal and Service-Related Usage. We use information, including Personal Information, for internal and service-related purposes and may provide it to third parties to allow us to facilitate the First Insights Service. We may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
Communications. We may send email, to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance. First Insights will maintain the information you have provided for an indefinite time period. If requested via info@firstinsights.com, First Insights will update, correct or delete your information within a reasonable amount of time from your request – typically 48 hours.
Marketing. We may use information, including Personal Information, to facilitate transmittal of information we think may be useful or relevant to you, such as through a newsletter.
Aggregate Data. We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the First Insights Service and use it for any purpose.
First Insights May Disclose Your Information
We may share your information:
with our third-party service providers;
to comply with legal obligations;
to protect and defend our rights and property; and
with your permission.
We Use Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the First Insights Service.
Marketing. We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. We may allow access to other data collected by the First Insights Service to enable the delivery of online advertising on this service or otherwise facilitate transmittal of information we think may be useful or relevant to you.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of First Insights assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information.
We may also disclose your Personal Information with your permission.
Security of Your Information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the First Insights Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the First Insights Service. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the First Insights Service or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent to receive electronic notices), please notify us at info@firstinsights.com
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children / minors under 18. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children / minors under 18 years of age, and no part of the First Insights Service is directed to children / minors under the age of 18. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at info@firstinsights.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children / minors under 18, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
International users. By using the First Insights Service, you will transfer data to the United States.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION OR POSE A QUESTION OR SUGGESTION
If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to us through your use of the First Insights Service or otherwise, or if you have suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to info@firstinsights.com
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
We may revise this Privacy Policy, so review it periodically.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read the current Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information. From time to time, we may desire to use Personal Information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
Contact Information
First Insights LLC
41 Madison Avenue 31st Floor
New York NY 10010
info@firstinsights.com
Updated: May 16, 2018
Tell us about your project – we’re happy to answer any questions.
REQUEST A QUOTE