https://www.promodag.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to the content
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: May 16, 2018
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") govern your relationship with https://www.Promodag.com website (the "Service") operated by Promodag SA ("us", "we", or "our").
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Intellectual and industrial property rights
The products and services available on the Site, in particular the titles, source codes, computer programs and appurtenant documents, are protected by intellectual property rights, including trademarks (logos), patents and copyrights (for example in the downloadable software), which you undertake to observe.
You also acknowledge familiarity with the fact that the content (text, pictures, sounds, sundry functionalities) available on the Site may be copyrighted, and you undertake not to produce any part of such content without PROMODAG's prior express consent.
PROMODAG grants you the personal, non-exclusive and non-assignable right to download some of the software programs available on the Site in compliance with the Terms of Use. You thus have a license authorizing you to use the downloaded software, but no property right to such software. You acknowledge that you are prohibited from copying, altering, selling, redistributing, licensing or otherwise transferring any right relating to the software available on the Site. Your only right is to download such software to your computer as specified on the Site.
Software downloadable from the Site is protected work of PROMODAG or its suppliers. Use of each such software program is subject to the terms of end-use license, if any, which come with the software. Copying or reproduction of the software on another computer or server is strictly prohibited.
Anyone copying or reproducing products and/or services available on the Site without authorization is guilty of the criminal offense of infringement.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Promodag SA.
Promodag SA has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Promodag SA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Promodag SA, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Promodag SA its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of France, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at info@promodag.com
Try Promodag Reports Free for 45 Days
Start your free trial
Home
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies