http://www.cotse.net/privacy/terrorism.htm
APacketdermLLCService
WAR ON TERRORISM/HOMELAND DEFENSE
How much of our privacy and civil liberties are being sacrificed in
the name of Homeland Defense? See also Legislation and Passport/Travel
sections.
Justice Department Report Reveals FBI Wiretap Mistakes, ACLU Says Disclosure Shows Further Need for Patriot Act Reforms
(press release)
"The American Civil Liberties Union today said that a disclosure that the FBI sometimes wiretaps the wrong number in terrorism investigations only underscores the need to place safeguards in the Patriot Act against abuse. Congressional negotiators are currently working to reconcile differing bills to reauthorize the law."
Full story - ACLU
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Oct
5 08:53:02 EDT 2005
Customs eyes self-service - New Zealand
"New Zealand Customs and Auckland International Airport have begun shopping for self-service border control kiosks that look set to spell the end of face-to-face checks by Customs staff on all visitors, speeding up border checks for "trusted travellers"."
Full story - stuff.co.nz
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Oct
4 17:27:35 EDT 2005
Who Is Listening to Your Internet Phone?
""In the old days, all you had to do is clip some monitoring device onto the mainframe and you'd have it," said Ron Cowles, vice president at Gartner. "But now everything gets packetized, which makes it a lot more difficult. These are the kinds of issues that the commission will be working through, and the FCC's final order will have to address this.""
Full story - Sci-Tech Today
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 29 14:16:56 EDT 2005
Feds Unable to Search Own Anti-Terrorism Database
"After receiving hundreds of requests from Americans asking to know what personal information the government has obtained about them, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) told passengers that it "does not have the capability to perform a simple computer-based search" to locate individual records."
Full story - EFF
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 29 14:07:24 EDT 2005
Data retention: European Parliament backs Commission plan
"The European Parliament rejected plans from the UK for an EU-wide data retention regime yesterday. But it lacks the power to stop them becoming law so instead it is hoping to divert support towards an alternative proposal from the Commission."
Full story - Out-Law.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Wed Sep 28 15:20:53 EDT 2005
EU Parliament rejects data-retention plan
"The European Parliament on Tuesday rejected a proposal by European Union governments to retain telephone and e-mail data for up to three years for use in anti-terrorism investigations, raising concerns about civil liberties."
Full story - SunHerald.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 27 14:20:27 EDT 2005
Clock ticking for ISP VoIP-tapping
"The FCC admits it's on shaky legal ground, but is pressing ahead with a plan to force all providers of Internet access to allow monitoring of Internet telephony."
Full story - ZDNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 27 08:36:20 EDT 2005
Euro email storage scheme 'illegal', warns official
"The European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) has said that he is not yet convinced by the arguments put forward in favour of a European directive on data retention, and has set out strict conditions any such law would have to meet if it's to be considered acceptable by his office.
EDPS Peter Hustinx published his commentary on the proposed directive today."
Full story -
The Register
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:19:10 EDT 2005
EC's data retention plans under fire
"The European Commission's plan to store details of emails and telephone calls to combat terrorism does not respect the fundamental right to privacy, the EU's top adviser on data protection said on Thursday."
Full story - ZDNet
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:13:13 EDT 2005
Civil rights observers worry about rise of surveillance
"... He spoke last week at the biometrics conference in Virginia about a report he recently prepared on privacy laws in several countries.
"The challenge with biometrics is the perception by some that in and of itself it's a disclosure of something personal," he said."
Full story - Canoe.com
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:10:34 EDT 2005
States confident civil liberties safe
"STATE and territory leaders say they are confident of achieving tougher anti-terrorism laws without compromising civil liberties.
Prime Minister John Howard and the leaders meet in Canberra on Tuesday to discuss proposed new laws including allowing terrorist suspects who have never been charged to be electronically tagged for up to a year."
Full story - The Advertiser (AU)
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 08:06:20 EDT 2005
Nun Terrorized by Terror Watch
"... For nine months in 2003 and 2004, Sister McPhee also took on the task of clearing her name from the government's no-fly list, an endeavor that proved fruitless until she called on a higher power, the White House."
Full story - Wired
Submitted by Anonymous, Mon Sep 26 07:59:34 EDT 2005
Panel Criticizes Screening Plan
"The government's program to match all airline passenger names against terrorist watch lists should not move forward into the testing phase, an advisory committee to the Transportation Security Administration said in a report released yesterday."
Full story -
Washington Post (reg. req.)
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 24 10:39:22 EDT 2005
Doctor awarded $2.45M for privacy rights violations
"A federal jury on Thursday awarded $2.45 million to an Egyptian-born doctor after finding that a Lawrence County apartment manager who searched his home and called police hours after the 9/11 terrorist attacks had violated his privacy rights."
Full story -
Pittsburgh Live
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 23 08:56:21 EDT 2005
2nd Circuit ruling keeps gag on librarians
"A federal appeals court has put a hold on a Connecticut judge's ruling that had lifted a gag order on Connecticut librarians who received an FBI demand for records about library patrons under the Patriot Act."
Full story -
First Amendment Center
Submitted by Anonymous, Fri Sep 23 08:55:08 EDT 2005
US Dropping Commercial Data To Screen Terrorists - Report
"The US government is shelving plans to collect information on air travelers from commercial databases to identify potential terrorists on passenger lists, a newspaper reported on Thursday."
Full story - AirWise
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 22 12:15:35 EDT 2005
Terror fight meets privacy concerns
"This is the second of a three-part series looking at the effect and controversy over the Patriot Act and its second revision that awaits President Bush's signature."
Full story - Daily Democrat
Submitted by Anonymous, Thu Sep 22 12:09:21 EDT 2005
ISPs Should Be Compensated to Tackle Terrorism
"The European Commission will propose on Wednesday that telecommunications operators and Internet service providers should be compensated for the extra costs of collecting and storing call data to help law enforcement officers track terrorists."
Full story - CSO
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 20 16:47:46 EDT 2005
Poll finds support of PATRIOT Act
"According to a new study performed by UConn's Center for Survey Research and Analysis (CSRA), a majority of Americans support the PATRIOT Act despite knowing little of the specific provisions made in it."
Full story - Daily Collegian
Submitted by Anonymous, Tue Sep 20 09:32:03 EDT 2005
Romney stands by mosque comments
"Muslim groups and civil libertarians demanded an apology from Gov. Mitt Romney on Friday for his comments about wiretapping mosques and monitoring foreign students. But the governor refused, saying he was only advocating for improved homeland security."
Full story - Seattle Post-Intelligencer
Submitted by Anonymous, Sat Sep 17 00:53:34 EDT 2005
Other resources on WAR ON TERRORISM/HOMELAND DEFENSE:
EFF: The USA PATRIOT Act
Google this site
Privacy Watch
Index
Digital/Data Privacy:
Anonymity
Carnivore
Cellphones
Chat & Instant
Messaging
Children's Privacy
Children's Online
Safety
Content Filtering &
Monitoring
Data Mining
Data or ID Theft
Data Protection
DoNotCall
Echelon
Email & Usenet
Magic Lantern
Medical Privacy
People-Finding
Sexual Privacy
Shopping
Spyware, Adware &
Malware
Stalking
Web Surfing &
Browsers
Workplace Issues
Your Data Online
Public Surveillance
Civil Liberties & Freedoms:
Free Speech: Offline
Free Speech: Online
Freedom of Information
Freedom of the Press
Law & Enforcement
Search and Seizure
Students' Rights
Terrorism / Homeland
Defense
Civil Liberties
Legislation:
Local, State, or
Regional
National
Other:
Editor's Picks
Lawsuits to Watch
Other News
General:
Login
Home
Subscribe or Renew
Services
Pricing
Policies
Testimonials
Current Specials
About Us
Contacting Us
Support:
Index
FAQ
Basics
Email
Set up email app
iPhone/iPad/iPod Mail
Android Mail
Proxies
Web Hosting
SSH Tunnels
VPN
Mail Filter Order
Other
Resources
DMCA Notices to: DMCA@cotse.net
Support to: helpdesk@cotse.net
Abuse to:abuse@cotse.net
News Flash
Privacy Watch Index
FTC Brings Charges Against Company Flagged In CDT ComplaintFrom cdt.org: The Federal Trade Commission announced today that it had brought charges against Odysseus Marketing, publisher of a software product called ClientMan. The Center for Democracy & Technology had first identified ClientMan as one ...Read more
FaceTime Identifies Fake Google Toolbar Propagated Thru Instant Messaging and Internet Relay ChatFaceTime today warns users about malicious links being spread through instant messaging (IM) and Internet Relay Chat (IRC) which downloads a rogue, fake Google toolbar and adware on users machines and re-directs users to a ...Read more
Want to check your e-mail in Italy? Bring your passport.ROME - An antiterror law makes Internet cafe managers check their clients' IDs and track the websites they visit...
After Italy passed a new antiterrorism package in July, authorities ordered managers offering public communications ...Read more
Start-up getting financing for fingerprint technologyA San Francisco start-up, Pay By Touch Solutions, is expected to announce today $130 million in fresh financing for a novel way of paying for groceries and other goods and services: a machine that reads ...Read more
Court strikes down bank privacy lawFederal law trumps California's law restricting financial institutions from distributing information about their customers to affiliated businesses, a U.S. District Court judge ruled Tuesday...Read more
FTC Targets Company Secretly Installing Spyware that Can't Be UninstalledOdysseus Marketing and its principal, Walter Rines, advertised software they claimed would allow consumers to engage in peer-to-peer file sharing anonymously... The agency charges that the claims are bogus. First, the software does not make ...Read more
Another data security bill in the worksRep. Mike Castle, a Delaware Republican, said at a Visa cardholder security conference here that he plans to introduce "in the next couple of days" a revised version of the bill that he has been ...Read more
Government Cracks Down On Spyware OperationGovernment regulators are trying to shut down a company they say secretly downloaded spyware onto the computers of unwitting Internet users, rendering them helpless to a flood of pop-up ads, computer crashes and other annoyances...Read more
Touch-screen voters feel exposed... The Diebold machines - which will be installed at voting precincts throughout Utah by 2006 - sit atop stands and have tilt-top screens and plastic covers that can be adjusted. But some voters felt ...Read more
Protect, don't suffocate me on ID theft (opinion)I am not myself these days. I don't know who I am, but I am definitely not myself. A lady on the phone as much as told me so. This was after she had given ...Read more
Google this site
Search Cotse.Com
Back To Top
Cotse.Net
is a subsidiary of Packetderm, LLC. The Cotse.Net logo and
all content are © 2004 by Packetderm, LLC., unless
otherwise specified. All rights reserved.
Photos on this site are © PhotoDisc.