http://www.campustoursproductions.com/privacy
Interactive Virtual Tours and Campus Maps
Toggle navigation
Map & Tour Products
AnyMapTM
AnyTourTM
WalkingTourTM
Productions
Custom Maps
Video and VR Production
Company
About CampusTours
CampusTours Blog
Contact Us
Press Releases
College Search
Privacy Policy
CampusTours Inc. strictly enforces the following Privacy Policy. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
CampusTours Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on CampusTours.com, CampusMaps.com, CampusToursProductions.com and CollegeViewbooks.com . In general, CampusTours does not collect specific information on individual visitors, rather the site collects generic information about visitor sessions in order to study general demographic trends. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
In CampusTours Inc. products (including, but not limited to AnyMap, AnyTour & WalkingTour) information that is collected through forms and inquiry services is sent directly to the respective organization represented in the interactive map or virtualtour.
CampusTours does not share information collected through our products with any other entity.
Information Use
CampusTours provides virtual campus tours and interactive campus maps of colleges and universities, and may, in certain instances, share broad demographic data about our visitors with advertisers and college partners. CampusTours will never share your personal information without your explicit consent. For instance, students, by filling out the CollegeViewbooks registration and questionairre, are explicitly requesting that CampusTours send their personal information to the institutions they have selected for the purpose of receiving admissions information and forms from those institutions. Visitors who complete information request forms also have the option of being added to the CampusTours Newsletter list, although they may opt out at any time (see Opt-Out below).
CampusTours does not offer activites on the Web site that allow users (children or otherwise) to disclose their information publicly.
Parental Rights
Parents may review their children's personal information, have it deleted, and refuse to allow the further collection or use of the child's information. In order to make such a request, please contact CampusTours directly at (207) 753-0136.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. CampusTours does not use cookies, however, some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
Third Party Advertising
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by our Web advertising partner. Information about users' visit to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad, their past browsing history, etc. is used to serve ads to users on this site.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Communications from the Site
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Opt-out section.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.
Third Party Advertisers
CampusTours shares Web site usage information about users with a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. For example, our advertisers use cookies and clear GIFs on this site, which allow them to recognize a user's cookie when a user visits this site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
CampusTours also shares visitors' personal information with organizations from whom the visitor explicity requests information. CampusTours will not share your personal information with other organizations without your direct approval.
Content Providers
We partner with organizations to provide access to their virtual tours, interactive maps, campus WebCams, college videos, virtual reality presentations, pictures and other multimedia content. Colleges do not have access to personal information on CampusTours users at any time. However, CampusTours provides links for users to request information from these institutions, and once a user decides to submit information to a particular college or university, their personal information is no longer covered by this privacy statement and becomes property of the colleges they contacted.
Business Transitions
In the event CampusTours goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Opt-Out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of receiving communications from our site by emailing us at info@CampusTours.com with the subject line OPT OUT.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at info@CampusTours.com with the subject line OPT OUT.
Links
THIS WEB SITE CONTAINS LINKS TO OTHER SITES. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT WE, CAMPUSTOURS INC, ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER SITES. WE ENCOURAGE OUR USERS TO BE AWARE WHEN THEY LEAVE OUR SITE AND TO READ THE PRIVACY STATEMENTS OF EACH AND EVERY WEB SITE THAT COLLECTS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION. THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT APPLIES SOLELY TO INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIS WEB SITE. WHENEVER A USER CLICKS A LINK TO A COLLEGE ON CAMPUSTOURS, THE USER IS BEING TRANSFERRED TO PAGES CONTROLLED BY THAT COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY, AND ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED BY THESE SITES IS NOT WITHIN THE PURVIEW OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. CampusTours will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. CampusTours does not store this information.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
CampusTours Inc.
110 Jacques Road
Auburn, ME 04210
Phone: 207.753.0136
Fax: 207.753.0137
Email: privacy@CampusTours.com
School Name
Search
Search by State/Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Dist. of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Search
Search by Country
USA
United Kingdom
France
China
Canada
Search
Advanced Search
Want to see more? Contact us for a demo.
Want to know more about our products and services? We would be happy to set up a demo to show you all of the features and benefits CampusTours can offer.
Schedule a Demo