http://www.mbaware.com/c/policies.aspx
Home
Products
Shop By Topic
Business Analysis
Business Valuation
Finance / Accounting
Human Resources
Management
Sales & Marketing
Shop By User
Owner / Manager
CFO / Accountant
HR Manager
Sales Manager
Marketing Manager
Business Analyst
Business Valuator
Support
About Us
Our Customers
Contact Us
Home
Privacy/Site Policies
Privacy and Other Site Policies
You can scroll through this page or jump directly to one of the sections linked below:
Privacy Policy |
Shipping and Handling |
Returns Policy
International Sales Policy |
Credit Card Address Verification |
Other Policies
Privacy Policy
MBAWare Enterprises (the company name of MBAWare) is fully committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. We encourage our customers to research the
privacy policy here and also of each vendor with whom they transact business.
What we collect
MBAWare Enterprises maintains a record of each sale that includes contact name, organization name, shipping address (street, city, state, postal code, country),
phone number, e-mail and billing address. Credit Card data is highly secured and deleted regularly (See our Safe, Secure Shopping page).
Our online store does need to place "cookies" on our customers' computers, but only to save information directly related to shopping on the MBAWare Enterprises
site (if you have cookies disabled, your shopping cart will only contain the most recent item placed in it).
How we use this information
MBAWare Enterprises will not sell or rent our customers' information to any third party. We work with a small number of highly reputable,
third party software developers and distributors. When a customer places an order on our site, we may need to supply limited customer information on that order to the developer of the
software or to their distributor so that they can fulfill the order, provide technical or sales support, register you as a licensed user and/or credit us for the sale. Of course, we also
need to supply shipping information to shippers such as Federal Express, UPS and DHL so they can deliver the package.
We will not send e-mail to you except as follows:
MBAWare Enterprises will periodically send e-mails to our customers who have opted-in on the order form or "contact us" form to receive
promotional e-mails.
If a customer initiates contact with us and requests information on a product or requests a trial version of software, we may follow up with you related to that inquiry via e-mail or
phone.
Opting Out
If you are fine with the terms listed here, you don't need to do anything. If you would like to change our default terms for your account, simply send us an e-mail using (or referencing)
the e-mail address you used to order to Privacy with the term "Remove" in the subject line. We will adapt our records to ensure
that you no longer receive any mailings from us.
Affiliates/Links from MBAWare.com Site
A few of our suppliers operate under an affiliate relationship where you may be directed from the MBAWare.com site to the site of our affiliate. Also, some
product descriptions will lead you off of our site. In either case, you will know that you have left the MBAWare.com site, since a separate browser window will
be opened for the external web page. Our affiliates are reputable businesses and each has their own privacy policy which is accessible from their web site. You should read and understand
their policies before disclosing your personal information.
Hosting
This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store, a widely trusted and highly secure e-commerce platform. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects
order information but may only use this information in the aggregate.
Changes to Policy
This policy is subject to amendment. If any material changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will include a link to the revisions from this page.
Questions
If you have any questions about these policies, please send an e-mail to Privacy.
Shipping & Handling
All orders will be processed within 1 to 2 business days.
We offer the following options for shipping/handling:
Ground U.S. is free for product orders of $99 or more. For orders of less than $99, it costs $5. We ship using either U.S. Priority Mail or the
Ground service of FedEx, UPS or Airborne Express. This can often arrive within 3 business days after order processing, but can also take 4 to 6 business days or more depending on the
distance from our distribution point. Unlike other merchants who offer "free" shipping, your order will not be delayed for choosing this option.
Second Day Air U.S. costs $20 for customers located in a U.S. state and will get your order to you 2 business days after the order is processed using Fed Ex, UPS or
Airborne Express. Alaska or Hawaii or some remote areas in the U.S. may take an extra business day.
International Shipping costs $55 for most customers outside of the U.S. (except for Canada which costs $45). U.S. territories must also use international shipping
(see International Sales Policy above). In some countries or regions with extremely high shipping rates or in cases of shipping heavier items, we may need to charge more or send your
package via Global Express Mail rather than FedEx, UPS or DHL. If we need to charge more, we will alert you to this for your confirmation before processing the order. Since international
shipments must go through customs in each country, we can not guarantee any shipment turnaround times. Our prices do not include duties or value-added taxes. These charges will be
billed to the package recipient by the local Customs office. Occasionally, the additional documentation requirements on international orders plus the time it takes to verify the credit
card name and address with your bank may delay our order processing by 1-2 days.
Downloadable items have no shipping charges. Please note that most of our offerings are not downloadable. Only those clearly marked as downloadable
can use this shipping option.
A very small number of our products are heavy and a shipping surcharge will be applied on those products. The surcharge will be indicated on the product page if applicable.
Orders placed late in the day or after business hours (U.S. East Coast) will be considered to have been placed on the next business day. For example, an order placed on Tuesday evening
will be considered to have been placed on Wednesday. If the product is listed as "Usually ships next business day", then it would be expected to ship on Thursday.
Even the largest shippers do not deliver on public holidays, so holidays do not count as business days. You will need to add an extra day to your delivery expectations if a holiday will
occur on or between the shipping date and the normal delivery date. Also, occasionally, our shippers can not meet the expectations that are set above--especially during December.
Please note that we can not ship to Post Office (PO) boxes as Fed Ex, UPS and Airborne Express can not deliver to these addresses.
Also, to prevent fraudulent credit card charges, we reserve the right to ship to the customer's credit card billing address or to cancel an order if the shipping address on an order does
not match any address associated with the credit card used for the order. We also reserve the right to cancel any order for which a free e-mail service like Hotmail is used as the e-mail
address.
Returns Policy
MBAWare Enterprises is fully committed to ensuring our customers' satisfaction. We try to reduce the need for returns by diligently screening our suppliers
to ensure that we only offer software from those with the strongest reputations. Additionally, MBAWare Enterprises offers a 100% money back guarantee
within 30 days of the shipping date for all software sold on our site with the exception of Financial Genome for which you can use the 30-day trial and the following industry
statistics CDs: BizComps, Mid-Market Comps, Ibbotson SBBI CD, RMA Annual Statement Studies, IRS Corporate Ratios and National Economic Review. Many of our products have guarantees of 60,
90 days or longer. Our business is highly dependent on referrals, and we want to know if our customers are dissatisfied for any reason.
Since free shipping is available on nearly all orders in the U.S., we can not refund the extra shipping charge if you choose expedited (2-day or overnight) shipping in the U.S. We also can
not refund the shipping charge for orders shipped outside the U.S.
To process a return, please follow the following steps:
Software: Please ensure that the all parts of the software to be returned are in their original condition (e.g. it's expected that the box and CD will be opened,
just not damaged or altered in any way). Package must include all original material including boxes with UPC code, packing materials, manuals, disks, CD-ROMS, blank warranty cards,
and all other accessories provided in the original package. Books: Books must be returned in new condition and can not be returned if they have been read.
Please pack carefully to avoid damages during shipping, and we recommend you insure the shipment for your protection.
Send an e-mail with your name and phone number, company name, the product you are returning, the original order number or approximate date of your order, the e-mail address used for
the order (if known) and the reason for your return to Returns. We will respond with a return tracking number and
instructions for returning the package to us.
If any parts of the returned product are missing, damaged or not in their original condition when received, MBAWare Enterprises reserves the right to
deny the return or to reduce the amount of the return that is refunded.
Please note that BizManualz policies and procedures manuals have a slightly different return policy.
See 30-day return policy for BizManualz products.
If you have any questions, or want to check on the status of a return, please send an e-mail to Returns.
On some of the higher-end products on our site (e.g. greater than $1,000 cost) and with a few other products, we work with partner organizations, and your final purchase may be made
directly through that business partner. Be aware that not all partners allow the same 30-day guarantee as we do for sales made from this site and any return conditions are between you
and that partner. Some affiliate partners have a 30-day trial, but then do not allow returns.
International Sales Policy
MBAWare Enterprises works with a wide variety of third party suppliers who are mostly U.S.-based and who have varying business policies related to shipping
their products to international destinations. In addition, there are a variety of U.S. governmental regulations relating to the export of computer software.
MBAWare Enterprise's international sales are based directly on the policies of each of our suppliers, so we can not guarantee that every product is available in every
country. All products are available in the United States, but if you have a specific question relating to a product being available in your country, you can e-mail us at
sales@mbaware.com or simply attempt to order the product. In either case, we will inform you promptly if there are any restrictions, and your
credit card will not be charged unless the order can be placed and we actually ship the product to you.
All prices are listed and charged in U.S. dollars. These charges will be translated to your local currency by your credit card company, who will set the exchange rate used.
The additional paperwork required of international orders may cause a delay in processing of up to a business day.
We do not directly charge for any international taxes. If there are import duties or taxes in your country, these are solely your responsibility to pay.
Credit Card Address Verification
As a member of the Merchant Risk Council, we are deeply committed to making online ordering safe. For your
protection and to prevent fraudulent credit card charges, we perform an address verification on credit cards used for orders placed on our site. We use an automated verification service
which covers credit cards in the U.S. and American Express cards around the world. If your card can not be automatically verified, we will manually verify it. Due to time zone differences,
a credit card address verification may delay some international orders or other manually verified orders.
If the shipping address differs from the credit card billing address, we need to verify that the valid cardholder has authorized the transaction. This verification may delay the processing
of an order. We reserve the right to ship to the customer's credit card billing address or to cancel an order if the shipping address on an order does not match any address associated with
the credit card used for the order.
Errors and Omissions
While we make every effort to ensure accuracy, the information on the MBAWare website may contain errors, inaccuracies or omissions and may not be complete or current. We therefore
reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
Please note that such errors or inaccuracies may be related to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. In the event of a pricing error, MBAWare may in some cases be able to
honor the original price, but retains the right to correct the error and offer a revised price. If MBAWare is unable to honor the original price, you may either proceed with the
transaction based on the updated price or cancel your transaction. If you are not fully satisfied with your purchase due to any errors or inaccuracies, you may return it based on the
guidelines of our Returns Policy above.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
MBAWARE ENTERPRISES, INC. HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE AND OTHER PRODUCTS ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. THIS DISCLAIMER IN NO WAY AFFECTS THE TERMS OF THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY, IF ANY.
MBAWARE ENTERPRISES, INC., INCLUDING ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND DIRECTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN. MBAWARE ENTERPRISES, INC. WILL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES NOT BEING AVAILABLE FOR USE OR FOR LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA OR SOFTWARE. CUSTOMER AGREES THAT MBAWARE ENTERPRISES, INC. IS NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AMOUNT
OF DAMAGES ABOVE THE AGGREGATE DOLLAR AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO MBAWARE ENTERPRISES, INC. FOR THE PURCHASE(S) OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the MBAWare.com web site or to products you purchase from MBAWare Enterprises, Inc. must first be submitted in writing to MBAWare
Enterprises, Inc., 4606 16th Street North, Arlington, Virginia 22207 or by fax to (703) 875-0661. You agree to make good faith efforts to resolve such disputes directly with MBAWare
Enterprises, Inc. If after 30 days a resolution can not be found, MBAWare Enterprises has agreed to submit all customer disputes to the
Better Business Bureau (BBB) to use their dispute resolution services. If for any reason the dispute
is not applicable for submission to the BBB, then the dispute shall be submitted to binding neutral arbitration in Arlington, Virginia in accordance with the applicable rules of the
American Arbitration Association.
Governing Law
You agree that the laws of the commonwealth of Virginia, USA without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern your use of the MBAWare.com web site, any purchase you make
from MBAWare Enterprises, Inc. and any dispute or claim of any sort that might arise between you and MBAWare Enterprises, Inc.
Legal Notices
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information:
Contact Information. You can contact us at 4606 16th Street North, Arlington, VA, 22207, (703) 875-0660.
Complaints. The procedures that you may follow in order to resolve a complaint regarding this Site are as follows: Contact the California Department of Consumer Affairs to resolve
a complaint. The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1020 N. Street, #501, Sacramento,
California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254. You can obtain further information regarding use of this Site by contacting the California Department of Consumer Affairs.
Pricing Currency
All prices listed on our site are in US dollars.
Privacy / Site Policies
Shipping Information
Safe Shopping Guarantee
© 2014 MBAWare.com All rights reserved.