https://www.cdrdatarecovery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here:Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement:
Critical Data Recovery Lab Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. The following privacy policy.
This is the web site of Critical Data Recovery Lab Inc.
1 Leaside Park Drive
Unit 5-A
Toronto, ON M4H 1R1
(416) 425-2404
nq@cdrdatarecovery.com
Private Identification Info
We used to collect personal information from various users in different ways like when user places an order, visits our page, fill a form and other activities in which we find them available on our website. Users are asked for their email addresses, phone numbers and appropriate names. Anyway, user may also use our page as anonymous. We usually collect information from visitors only if they want to give their information to us.
PURPOSE OF COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact an individual. Critical Data Recovery Lab Inc, collects Personal Information in order to complete online transactions that you may place with us, and also to act upon instructions that you may give to us.
Critical Data Recovery Labs Inc. acquires user private information for these reasons.
To enhance customer support
Details you supply allow us to respond to your customer support requests and support needs more effectively.
To enhance web site
The feedback you provide can help us to improve our services and products.
To deliver periodic email messages
The email address is used to send updates and other user information regarding their order. However, it may also be used to give them feedback for their questions, requests and inquiries. If user subscribes to our mailing list, he/she will get emails that will contain company updates, news or service information etc. If user doesn’t want to receive emails from us, he/she will be unsubscribed from receiving emails; they can accomplish this after they visit our website.
The Way we secure your Details
We know various ways to keep the data secured, since we adopt different data collection, data processing practices like to secure your data against alteration, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of your personal information like username, password and the transaction information.
Sharing Your Own Info
We do not sell and disclose user’s personal information to other people.
Variations to the Current Privacy Policy
Critical Data Recovery Labs Inc. has the discretion to modify the privacy policy at any time we want. Whenever we do, we will mention the updated date on the bottom of the page. We motivate the users to regularly check the page to remain aware of any changes about how we use to protect the client information that we collect. You accept and agree that, it is your responsibility to check this privacy policy regularly and keep yourself aware of the changes.
You are Acceptance for these Conditions
After using this website you accept this policy. In case you are not agreed to the policy, you are requested to not use our website. If you use the website further, your acceptance will be considered for those changes.
Email Recovery
Tape Recovery
Data Destruction
RAID Data Recovery
ABOUT US
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Non-Disclosure Agreement
CONTACT US
Critical Data Recovery Lab Inc. 1 Leaside Park Drive Suite 5A Toronto, Ontario M4H 1R1 Phone: 416.425-2404 | Fax: 416-425-2237
Copyright 2013 - Critical Data Recovery Labs Inc