http://www.brainwrap.com/privacy
Privacy Policy of Brainwrap Web Design
Brainwrap Web Design ("Brainwrap") operates several websites including brainwrap.com. It is Brainwrap’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Brainwrap collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Brainwrap’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Brainwrap’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Brainwrap may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Brainwrap also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Brainwrap does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Brainwrap’s websites choose to interact with Brainwrap in ways that require Brainwrap to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Brainwrap gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who fill out the submission form at brainwrap.com to provide information about their business. Those who engage in transactions with Brainwrap – by making payments via PayPal, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Brainwrap collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Brainwrap. Brainwrap does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Brainwrap may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Brainwrap may monitor the most popular parts of the brainwrap.com site, and the length that visitors stay. Brainwrap may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Brainwrap does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Brainwrap discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Brainwrap’s behalf or to provide services available at Brainwrap’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Brainwrap’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Brainwrap will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Brainwrap discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Brainwrap believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Brainwrap, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Brainwrap website and have supplied your email address, Brainwrap may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Brainwrap and our products. We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Brainwrap takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Brainwrap uses cookies to help Brainwrap identify and track visitors, their usage of Brainwrap website, and their website access preferences. Brainwrap visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Brainwrap’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Brainwrap’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Brainwrap may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Brainwrap’s sole discretion. Brainwrap encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
This document is based upon the Automattic Privacy Policy, and is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 2.5. This means that you are free to use and edit it for your own purposes, even commercially, provided you release your new versions under the same license and credit Automattic and OwnTerms.
© Charles Gaba / Brainwrap.com, 1999 - 2010. All rights reserved worldwide.
Search form
Search
Share
New/Updated Clients
HPS Consultants
Green Buildings of Michigan
Office Furniture Warehouse of Michigan (new)
Robert Wittenberg for State Representative
BME Attachments (updated)
Pneumatic Technology (updated)
Rocks 'n' Roots (update)
Thread Works (updated)
All original content on this site is Copyright © Charles Gaba / Brainwrap.com. Third-party logos © their respective owners.
(Bloomfield Hills - Detroit, Michigan)