https://www.frontendtech.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY ~ FrontEndTech.com
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.frontendtech.com/. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 408-218-0590 or privacy@frontendtech dot com.
Free Quote Request Request a web design quote for a free estimate on your web design project.
Request a FREE Quote
FrontEndTech is rated 5/5 based on 14 ratings & reviews on Yelp!
Points of Difference
» Top notch customer service
» Solid portfolio of clients
» Small, medium and large sites
» Local company
» Never outsourced
»  22+ years of experience
» Focus on web site usability
» Proven SEO results
» Carefully crafted with love
» Fast loading web sites
» 100% mobile optimized
» Bay Area’s oldest web design firm
“I would highly recommend Front End Tech to anyone looking to create a website. Steve was fast and efficient throughout the entire process.”
View More Testimonials »
RECENTLY COMPLETED WEBSITES
Photographer Website Design
Machine Shop Website Design
Cal Color Growers
Employment Recruiter
Winery Web Design
A.G. Sieben Insurance
Medical Device Web Design
High Technology Web Design
Plant Staging Web Design
Modesto Small Business Web Design
CONTACT INFORMATION San Jose, California 95124
Phone: 408-218-0590
Visits by appointment only.
Hours: Monday – Friday 10am to 6pm(Closed Major Holidays)
Professional Bay Area Web Design Services Since 1997!
Scroll to top