http://www.idteck.com/en/policy
MEMBERSHIP
HOME
MEMBERSHIP
Privacy Policy
Search
Search
Login
Find ID/Password
Join
Term and Condition
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
PRIVACY POLICY
About Our Privacy Policy
At IDTECK Co., Ltd., we believe in keeping our customers informed of our company's practices, especially those regarding the privacy of our online visitors. This Privacy Statement contains the guidelines that will be followed if and when we collect information from your visits to our Web sites. These guidelines pertain only to your visit to the Web sites operated by or for IDTECK, regional IDTECK sites and their URLs. Sites which are linked to/from these sites may have different privacy policies so please visit their sites for details on their applicable practices.
Your Information
For each online visitor, IDTECK's Web server automatically recognizes, collects, and/or maintains certain kinds of information such your IP address/Domain name combination and any referring sites. IDTECK may use several electronic tools to do this, two of which are cookies and Web beacons.
Cookies
When you visit an IDTECK Web site or advertisements appearing thereon or use an IDTECK Web site service, we may use "cookies" to store certain information on your computer. Cookie technology allows us to recognize you and hold information from your visit, so that we can deliver more individualized content and advertising.
You can set your browser to delete cookies from your hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. If you delete or block ookies, we may not be able to restore any customized settings that you previously indicated, and our ability to personalize your experience with IDTECK Web sites will be limited. Please refer to your browser instructions or the "help" screen to learn more about these commands.
Web Beacons
IDTECK may also itself research or employ third parties to research particular usage and activities on our Web sites via Web beacons. The information collected through these Web beacons is in an anonymous, aggregate form. It is used to learn more about users, including demographics and usage patterns, and can result in more accurate reporting and more effective marketing.
Personal Information
Generally, IDTECK does not require that our online visitors provide personally identifiable information to visit and use our Web sites. However, such information is necessary if you elect to participate in certain activities and if you choose to refrain from providing the required information, you may not be eligible to participate in those activities. IDTECK may request "personal information" to enable you to participate in contests and in forums, to fill out registrations, or to order products and services through these sites. Personal information is individually identifiable information such as your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, social security number, credit card number, or persistent identifier (such as a customer number held in a cookie) which is associated with individually identifiable information. IDTECK may combine the information you directly provide on our Web sites with information we may collect offline from you or from third parties. This is so that we can more effectively customize our site, services, and offers to you.
Sharing Your Information
IDTECK will not share the personal information you provide on IDTECK Web sites with any other parties, except (a) to affiliated IDTECK companies, (b) with your consent (refer to paragraph below), (c) as may be required by law or court order, (d) to persons or companies with whom IDTECK engages to carry out or provide support for the operations of the site or our business, or (e) under extreme circumstances to protect the personal safety or property of our users, the public, or ourselves.
Anonymous Aggregated Information
IDTECK may also gather, aggregate, and maintain anonymous information pertaining to our online visitors, such as visitors hobbies, interests, purchasing habits, and music preferences. This aggregated information can then be used to tailor IDTECK's Web site contents and advertising to supply a better experience for our visitors. IDTECK may also share aggregated information with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties to provide various kinds of statistical information. This information does not include any personally identifiable information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.
Sending You Communications
Unless you request otherwise, IDTECK may contact you to provide information about products, services, promotions, contests, or offers other activities that may interest you. You may specify whether or not you wish to receive such communications on our Web sites where such opportunities are given or by submitting the required information. dditionally, every time IDTECK contacts you, you will have the opportunity to elect not to receive further direct communications
Security
IDTECK makes great efforts to maintain the security of your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures. Nevertheless, IDTECK does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
Processing Your Information
By submitting any personal information to IDTECK Web sites, all users, including without limitation users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of the information in Korea and in the United States of America.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
While this privacy policy is in place, its terms will govern the use of any information collected. IDTECK reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page periodically for changes and updates.
Questions
If you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this Privacy Statement, please email us at webmaster@idteck.com
END USER
END USER
INSTALLER
DISTRIBUTOR
SYSTEM INTEGRATOR
Customer Service
PRODUCT QUOTATION REQUEST
TROUBLE SHOOTING
ONLINE RMA
UPDATE INFORMATION
A&E Spec
Hardware
COVID-19 SOLUTIONSAccess Control PanelBiometric Reader & Standalone Access ControllerRFID Standalone Access ControllerRFID Reader / Card & Tag /IDTECK Credential Format (IDC)RFID Reader / Card & Tag /ASK(EM)Smart Card & Reader / 13.56MHzLong Range Reader & TagDemo Kit
Software
Total Integrated Security Management SystemIDTECK Software GuideAPI (Application Programming Integration)SDK (Software Development Kit)
Value    Package
Control Panel SeriesStandalone Access Controller
Accessory
Ethernet ConverterSerial ConverterPower Supply / Power PackGuard Tour Checking System Touch CheckerEM Lock & BracketsElectric Strike LockElectric Dead Bolt Lock & BracketsElectric HingeExit ButtonEmergency Key SwitchDoor ContactPIR Sensor
Application
Terminology
Case    Study
Customer    Service
Technical    Service
Live    Training
Training    Videos
About IDTECKHardwareSoftwareSystem IntegrationSales and Marketing TipsTechnical TipsCase StudyWebinar
Company
R&D    Center
Distributorship
Contact    US
Press    Center
Notice
IDTECK Awarded of Good Design Selection | XO1000
2016 IDTECK Training Seminar in DUBAI
IDTECK Awarded of Good Design 2014 Selection
Opening of Newly Renovated Training Room
IDTECK