https://www.winsys.com/why-winchester/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement Regarding Online User Information
Contact Us
This privacy statement applies to Winchester Systems Inc. (“we” or “our”), and does not apply to websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website. We recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with whom you interact.
This privacy statement governs personal information we collect online from our website users (“you”).
For the purposes of this privacy statement, “business partners” means any subcontractor, vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products, services or information. “Personal information” means information that identifies you, such as your name, telephone number and email address.
Information We Collect
We may ask you to provide personal information when you
Use our website;
Request quotes, services, support or information;
Place orders for products or services;
Participate in surveys, sweepstakes or other promotional activities;
Subscribe to newsletters, promotional emails or other materials;
Apply for a job, submit your resume/CV or create a candidate profile; or
Contact us.
We may also collect demographic information, such as your business or company information, interests, preferences and favorites. Forms that you may fill in will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.
We may collect information about your visits to our websites, including pages you view, links and ads you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with Winchester Systems websites and services. We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.
Some Winchester Systems services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both Winchester Systems and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services, and may use the information according to each company’s privacy statement and other agreements with you.
How We Use Personal Information
Winchester Systems uses your personal information to:
Deliver services and support, or carry out transactions you have requested;
Send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transactions status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from Winchester Systems, promotional offers and surveys;
Customize, analyze and improve our products, services (including the content on our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you;
Enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you;
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
Protect the security or integrity of the website, our business, or our products or services; or
Otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may share your personal information with business partners to carry out transactions you request, or to make our business or that of our business partners more responsive to your needs. We will only share your information with business partners who share our commitment to protecting your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; or if Winchester Systems reasonably believes it is necessary to protect Winchester Systems, its customers or the public.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent.
Selecting Your Communication Preferences
Winchester Systems sends product, service and promotional materials via its FlashNews Storage Newsletters and other e-mail communications. You can easily elect to not receive future materials by clicking on the unsubscribe link in each e-mail – or by sending a e-mail to sales@winsys.com with the word “Remove” or “Unsubscribe” on the subject line. Please allow up to 10 business days for your unsubscription request to take effect. Because some promotions are developed in advance, you may sometimes receive solicitations after we receive your unsubscription request.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement Regarding Online User Information
We will occasionally update this privacy statement. If we make changes to the Privacy Statement Regarding Online User Information or make any material changes to how Winchester Systems will use your personal information, we will revise the Privacy Statement to reflect such changes and revise the statement’s effective date, included at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Winchester Systems is protecting your personal information.
Contacting Us
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following address:
Winchester Systems Inc.
Attention: Privacy
305 Foster Street,
Littleton, MA 01460
USA
Privacy Statement Regarding Online User Information Effective Date: November 7, 2013.