https://www.iw3c2.org/privacy/
Skip to Navigation | Skip to Content
Sections
Home
About Us
Members
Host a Conference
Conferences
Test of Time Award
Media
Privacy
Contact
International World Wide Web Conference Committee
Small Text
Normal Text
Large Text
You are here:
Home
privacy
Search this Site:
Navigation
Home
Host a conference
privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: February 28, 2019
The IW3C2 ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.iw3c2.org/ website and newsletter (hereinafter referred to as the "Service" and “Email List”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Website Privacy Policy
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, the only personal data stored are defined hereunder.
We do not ask you to provide us with any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Usage Data
We collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Technically speaking the logs are stored for one year and contain the following data:
The IP address (the address of your computer/device on the internet)
Logname(for members only to access nonpublic pages)
User (for members only to access nonpublic pages)
Event Time (date and time of your action)
Request (the page requested by your browser and send to the server and the version of HTML used)
HTTP Status Code
(the code return by the server to your browser usually 200 for a page found, 404 page not found…)
Referrer (the page from which are coming)+
User Agent (the name and version browser you are using combined with your device operating system)
Tracking, Analytics and Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you do not accept cookies, you will still have access to all public sections of our Service. You can learn more on cookies on Wikipedia and on how to manage cookies in the Browser Cookies Guide for example.
We use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Statcounter
Statcounter is a web traffic analysis tool. You can read the Privacy Policy for Statcounter here: https://statcounter.com/about/legal/
Use of Data
The IW3C2 uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To analyze or get valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
No other use but the ones mentioned above of your personal data will be done nor will it be sold or transmitted to any third party but the ones mentioned in this privacy policy.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Hong Kong and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Hong Kong and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The IW3C2 will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
The IW3C2 may disclose your Personal Data in good faith if it believes that such an action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of IW3C2
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Breach
Should a data breach occurs, We will let you know via a prominent notice on our Service
without undue delay and if feasible within less than 72 hours after the breach is discovered.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
For instance, our services are hosted by the Hong Kong University of science and technology (https://www.ust.hk) you can find it's privacy policy here https://www.ust.hk/privacy-policy/
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. This is especially true for The Web Conference (former www) future or past conference websites.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Email List Privacy Policy
The Web Conference Newsletter will be sent periodically, roughly once every month leading up to the conference.
Information Collection And Use
The only personal data used is your email (mandatory), and your name (not mandatory). No other use but the ones mentioned above of your personal data will be done nor will it be sold or transmitted to any third party.
Subscribe / Unsubscribe
You can subscribe or unsubscribe at any time either directly via https://www.iw3c2.org/mailman/listinfo/newsletter or by sending an email to "contact at iw3c2 dot org" (with the email address which wants to be (un)subscribed)
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Breach
Should a data breach occurs, we would use the mail list to inform you of this breach without undue delay and if feasible within less than 72 hours after the breach is discovered.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Email List Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by sending an update of privacy policy email to the list, prior to the change becoming effective.
We will also let you know via a prominent notice on our Service privacy web page, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
General Privacy Policy Considerations
GDPR and CalOPPA compliancy
European and Californian citizens are invited to take note that their data will be stored in a foreign country. Yet the IW3C2 respects and strongly promotes privacy. Please take into consideration that
as no sensitive personal data are stored,
as no other or hidden use of your data but those described are done,
as you have access to the modification or deletion of your data,
as you will be informed in case of security breach,
we might be considered as both GDPR and CalOPPA compliant.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you want to access to your personal data stored you can contact our Chief Privacy Officer at “CPO at iw3c2 dot org”.
Created with the help of the https://www.wikipedia.org/ Privacy Policies website, and https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en.
Copyright © 1994-2020 International World Wide Web Conference Committee.
Log in
Created:
2019/01/24 10:55 |
Modified:
2019/05/13 15:50