http://www.procad-software.com/privacy-terms-of-use/
PRODUCTSPRICINGLEARNFREE TRIALSUPPORTNEWSCONTACT
Privacy policy and terms of use
1.   PROCAD privacy policy
PROCAD Software respects your right to privacy. Any
information provided to PROCAD through this web site will only be used for such
business purposes as:
To assist in the development of software
applications most relevant for today’s drafting requirements. We can best focus
our software development efforts if we know what products and features are of
greatest interest to drafting professionals, and where that interest is coming
from.To assist drafting professionals by providing
relevant information about our software (features, upgrades, and special
offers) by email, newsletters, and telephone.For billing purposes, in the case of software
orders.When permission granted, add to our newsletter
email list to keep you up to date PROCAD news.
2.   How your data is handled
DATA STORAGE LOCATION
We are Canadian based company and operate web servers hosted in Canada. Our hosting provider adheres to the EU/US “Privacy Shield”, ensuring that your data is securely stored and GDPR compliant.
CUSTOMER INFORMATION DATA
When using our website for any communication purpose, we store provided information in your account in Microsoft Dynamics CRM. This includes company information, contacts, technical support requests, general emails and any other communications with PROCAD. You can request to edit or delete this information at any time by contacting us at mail@procad.com.
PURCHASE DATA
When you order a PROCAD subscription or term license, your credit card information is stored by Elavon for the purposes of record keeping and for monthly recurring payments. This data is highly secured by Elavon against fraud or unauthorized use.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics on our site for anonymous reporting of site usage. No personalized data is stored.
CASES WHEN YOUR DATA IS USED
We use your information in the following
cases:
Verification/identification of the user during website usage;Providing technical support;Sending updates to our users with important information to inform about news/changes;Checking the account activity in order to prevent fraudulent transactions and ensure the security of customers’ personal information;Customize the website to make your experience more personal and engaging;Guarantee overall performance and administrative functions run smoothly.
3.   PROCAD terms of use
USE RESTRICTIONS OF THIS
SITE
The information and data provided on PROCAD.COM “Site” is protected by law, including, but not limited to, the Canadian Copyright Act and international treaties.
The copyright of all information and data provided on this
Site is held by PROCAD Software or by the original creator of the material.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and download the information and data
on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify
the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices
contained in the materials. Any unauthorized use of information or data
contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of
privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos used and displayed
on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of PROCAD Software and
of the companies noted herein.
® 3DSMART is a registered trademark of PROCAD Software
® SPOOLCAD is a registered trademark of PROCAD Software
® Windows, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Windows XP and
Windows NT are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation
® Autodesk and AUTOCAD are registered trademarks of
Autodesk, Inc., in the USA and/or other countries.
™ DWG is a trademark of Autodesk, Inc., in the USA
and/or other countries.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The information, evaluation software, free trials, demos and other data on this site are provided “AS IS” without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. PROCAD Software does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, validity, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, the information or data on this Site or any sites linked to this Site. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to, negligence, shall PROCAD Software be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the information or data on this site. If your use of materials from this Site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof.
Buy Now
Demos and Tutorials
Free Trial
Save up to 20% on your PROCAD order!
Until November 30, new customers will receive special discounts. With savings of up to 20%, you get a complete solution at an exceptionally affordable price.
What you get when ordering PROCAD
Companies should have all the tools they need to get their projects completed profitably. Here are your choices when ordering your software:
Choose a preferred application: 3DSMART, P&ID, ORTHO, ISOMETRIC, or ELECTRIC
Or get them all in the Plant Design Suite bundle with additional savings
You also get built-in AUTOCAD OEM 2021 in all applications
Order yours today >>
×
Order PROCAD software to perfectly match your design needs:
Monthly, 1 or 3-year licenses
With included built-in AUTOCAD OEM 2021
or as add-on to your AUTOCAD 2021-2018
Get individual products: 3DSMART, P&ID, ISOMETRIC, ORTHO and ELECTRIC
or save big and get them all in the Plant Design Suite.
With the right PROCAD solution, you’re ready to tackle any project — and it’s so affordable starting at $1.25 a day!
×
Having trouble with the video? Watch directly on Vimeo.
×
Having trouble with the video? Watch directly on Vimeo.
×
Having trouble with the video? Watch directly on Vimeo.
×
Powered by AUTOCAD OEM
All PROCAD software applications come with built-in AUTOCAD® OEM 2021 providing you with exceptional CAD functionality. Your drawing files are also saved in DWG™ file format making it easy to share designs with your customers, suppliers and other project stakeholders.
The built-in AUTOCAD OEM cannot be customized or used to run other third-party add-on applications.
×
System Requirements
System requirements for PROCAD 2021 including Specialized Toolsets (Windows)
Operating System
Microsoft® Windows® 7 SP1 with Update KB4019990 (64-bit only)
Microsoft Windows 8.1 with Update KB2919355 (64-bit only)
Microsoft Windows 10 (64-bit only) (version 1803 or higher)
Processor
Basic: 2.5–2.9 GHz processor
Recommended: 3+ GHz processor
Multiple processors: Supported by the application
Memory
Basic: 8 GB
Recommended: 16 GB
Display Resolution
Conventional Displays:
1920 x 1080 with True ColorHigh Resolution & 4K Displays:
Resolutions up to 3840 x 2160 supported on Windows 10, 64-bit systems (with capable display card)
Display Card
Basic: 1 GB GPU with 29 GB/s Bandwidth and DirectX 11 compliant
Recommended: 4 GB GPU with 106 GB/s Bandwidth and DirectX 11 compliant
Disk Space
4.0 GB
×