http://www.rietta.com/privacy.html
Welcome to the rietta.com website (“Rietta”, “Website’, “Site”) that is owned and operated by Rietta, Inc., a Georgia corporation in the United States of America. This privacy policy applies to any information that is collected while you are on the Website. Our goal with this policy is to be transparent about the information we collect, how it is used, and how it is shared.
Information that we collect about you
1. We collect limited information when you browse the site
When you visit the Website we collect log data, for example: the type of browser and operating system you are using, the address of the external or internal page that referred you, your IP address and pages on the site that you visit in association with your IP address. We mostly use this information to diagnose issues with the site. We may retain it for up to ninety days.
2. We collect information using cookies
This website shares visitor information with analytics trackers that may set cookies, specifically:
Google Analytics
LinkedIn Marketing Solutions
Twitter for Websites
As you visit pages on this Website, these analytics partners each set a cookie that facilitates tracking your browsing behavior throughout the Website. They each share with us analytics that help us understand your behavior such as:
which pages you’ve visited and in what order
how long you stayed on each page
generalized aggregate demographics information about you and other visitors
We use this information in aggregate to understand what content is most useful for you and other visitors. This informs what content changes we make to our website over time and what articles we prioritize writing on our blog.
3. We collect information when you sign up for an e-mail newsletter
When you sign up for an e-mail newsletter, we share the name and e-mail address that you provide with Mailchimp, our mailing list provider. Once you have confirmed opt in to the newsletter, we use your information for the purpose of sending you e-mail. You will remain on the list until you unsubscribe, which you can do at any time.
4. We collect information when you communicate directly with us
If you email us or send other communications to us directly, we will retain your email or address and correspondence so that we may respond to your request. We retain this information indefinitely so that we have a history of our past communications. We share this information with Google G Suite, which is our e-mail services provider.
When we share your information with others
It is generally our policy not to share or sell your personally identifiable information with any third party. We may, however, share information under the following circumstances:
If we receive your informed consent;
If it is necessary for a third party provider to perform tasks on our behalf (as described in this policy);
If we believe doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process. If we are going to release your information, we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance, if we have a means to contact you, unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so; or
If we are acquired by or merged with another company. This Privacy Policy would continue to apply to any data collected while it was in place.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, unless we have specified them in this document.
Data Security
We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, physical and administrative procedures to protect the confidentiality of the information that we collect on our site. However, the Internet is not a vault and data can be lost.
How to contact Rietta
Rietta, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Compliance
5805 State Bridge Road
Suite G 158
Johns Creek, GA 30097
USA
Our policy towards children
This Website is not directed to individuals under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information unless we are provided with documented evidence that the child’s parent or legal guardian has given permission for the child to share that information with us.
Changes to our privacy policy
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Rietta, Inc., may change our Privacy Statement from time to time. We will provide notification to Users of material changes to this Privacy Statement through our website at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our home page. For changes to this Privacy Statement that do not affect your rights, we encourage visitors to check this page frequently.