http://www.elitedesignsltd.com/privacy-policy
contact
employment
site map
Username
Password
Click here to register.
·
View Cart
Privacy Policy
EliteDesignsltd.com Privacy StatementThis Web site is administered and owned and operated by Elite Designs. EliteDesignsltd.com will be maintained in the State of Illinois. The primary purpose of EliteDesignsltd.com is to be a community resource and website offering online services. We want you to feel safe and secure when visiting our site and we are committed to maintaining your privacy when doing so.Information on EliteDesignsltd.com is gathered both indirectly (for example, through our site's technology of monitoring visitors to the site) and directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages of EliteDesignsltd.com).One example of information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access EliteDesignsltd.com, your Internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs to monitor hits to the website and interest.We collect information directly from you in a number of ways, some of which we describe in this Privacy Statement.We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. Throughout our site, we provide the opportunity to submit your profile information or subscribe to a newsletter. When we collect this type of information, we will allow you to opt-out upon initial user registration and also provide you with access to change your profile at any time. All user information that you input to your profile is stored and posted to our secure main database whether you provide other site visitors access or not. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to submit and/or provide EliteDesignsltd.com your personal information.We will never share or sell your information to a third party. All information provided will be used for recruiting purposes only.There will be other times when we need to share information, for example, in the case of an event or emergency to our staff members. But again, before you submit any information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it.We do collect what is considered to be sensitive personal data through this site. As we collect such data, we understand that this material was submitted with your consent to our proposed uses of the data. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law as described in this notice. The references to "sensitive personal data" are to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories comprise personal identity information, personal data about personality and private life, racial or ethnic origin, color, nationality, political opinions or convictions, membership of political parties or movements, religious, philosophical or other similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health or handicap, genetic code, addictions, gender, sexual life (including sexual orientation), pregnancy, property matters or penal or criminal conviction or record (including where a pardon has been granted).As a global organization, data we collect may be transferred internationally throughout our Organizations. While we take steps to maintain the security of EliteDesignsltd.com, you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.We are interested in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable gateway to future success. If you have any questions now or during your visit, please contact us directly. Thank you for your interest in Elite Designs.
Making A Profile PublicThis is to inform you that Elite Designs does not sell any personal or private information.  Any information that is published in a user profile is only seen by other registered users of the site if your profile has been made visible by you.  A user has the option to turn their profile and/or email address on or off by Updating Your Profile
Opt In / Out for Special OffersIf you opt in for our email newsletter/s, special promotional offers or otherwise provide us any personal or contact details, this information is treated in the strictest confidence. We do not sell any contact information we have. If you request we will discard any record we have of your email address, or other personal details that you may have provided. You also have the option of changing this in your profile.Update Your Profile
3 Golf Center, Suite 220, Hoffman Estates, IL 60169 | 847.380.9360 tel | Fax 224-333-5728
terms of use | privacy policy