http://www.wimsbios.com/privacy.jsp
Toggle navigation
Home
FAQ
Forum
Forum Home
My hard drive isn't recognized
My CPU isn't recognized
Video (VGA) and other BIOS/Firmware
Other BIOS update issues
My motherboard is dead
Power Management problems
RAM compatibility with BIOS
Notebook BIOS problems
What is my motherboard?
Where can I find a motherboard manual?
What does this BIOS or Jumper setting do?
BIOS Utilities & Flash Programs
In-depth High-tech BIOS section
General
Site suggestions
Blog
BIOS Updates
BIOS IDs
Motherboard BIOS IDs overview
Acer BIOS IDs
Award (Phoenix) BIOS IDs
AMI BIOS IDs
Intel AMI BIOS IDs
Intel Phoenix BIOS IDs
Downloads
BIOS Utilities
Award Flasher
AMI Flasher
Phoenix Flasher
ASUS Live Update
Widescreen support SiS VGA
Patched BIOS with Large HDD Support (64GB/128GB)
Contact
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Scan For BIOS Updates
Check For the Latest BIOS Updates
BIOSAgentPlus safely checks to see if a newer BIOS is available for your computer and provides instant access to your detailed BIOS and driver report.
Privacy policy
Home
Privacy policy
Free instant access to BIOS tips!
Fill in your name and email and receive our ebook 'How to update your PC BIOS in 3 easy steps' (15$ value), free BIOS tips and updates about Wim's BIOS!
Fast, Scalable and Secure Webhosting
Are you currently having hosting problems? Do you feel that your site slowlyness is killing sales or traffic?
Our book Fast, Scalable and Secure Webhosting for Web Developers will give you the knowledge to run your site on a speedy, scalable and secure server!
Start learning about Linux, Nginx, MariaDB, PHP-FPM, Java, IPv6, HTTPS, WordPress and much more!
Tip: Receive your free Chapter Secure your site with HTTPS by joining our mailing list!
Wim's BIOS Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. At Wimsbios.com, we have a few fundamental principles regarding your privacy:
We do not ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law or protect our rights.
We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for an on-going operation of our site.
Information we collect and receive
When any visitor visits our website, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available. This includes things such as your browser type, language preference, type of computer, etc. This data is collected in aggregate for the purpose of understanding how visitors interact with and use this website.
We also collect potentially personally-identifiable information like your IP address for logged-in users, when filling out a form, or when making a blog comment. These IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of this website, but the data is only disclosed under the same circumstances that we use for personally-identifiable information as described below.
Certain visitors to this website choose to interact with us in ways that require Wimsbios.com to gather personal information. For example, if the visitor chooses to register on our forum, we'll ask for a username and email. Those who subscribe to our email list we ask for name and email address.
In each case, Wimsbios.com collects only the information that is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with us. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How We Use Data Collected
We use your personal, demographic and profile data to enhance your experience on our site and to enable us to present content we think you might be interested in.
We use your contact information to communicate with you by responding to requests, comments and questions. We may also send you other administrative emails, messages and other communications related to any services you have purchased.
We will use your email address to send you marketing and promotional emails when permission has been granted for that.
We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to improve our site, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes.
To investigate or prevent security issues and abuse of our service.
If information is aggregated or de-identified so as no longer to be reasonably associated with an identifiable natural person, Wimsbios.com
may use it for business purposes.
Wimsbios takes no decisions based on automated processing on matters that can have (significant) consequences for people.
Security
We take security of your data very seriously. We take all reasonable action to protect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes:
Employing secure protocol (SSL) across our entire site so that all interactions with our website are secure.
Restricting access to personal information
Not storing sensitive data (such as credit card information) on our servers, but instead relying on trusted third parties to secure this data.
Doing due diligence with third party providers (see Disclosure to Third Parties below) to ensure they have a secure environment.
Data Retention
Wimsbios.com will retain user data as spelled out here unless otherwise requested by the customer.
Aggregate data not personally identifiable is retained in logs.
Customer data is retained for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Email subscriber information is retained even after you choose to unsubscribe. Unsubscribed emails are regurarly deleted.
Disclosure of Data to Third Parties
This section describes how information is disclosed to third parties.
We never rent or sell customer information or email subscriber information to any third parties.
Members may interact with each other via our community forums and members are responsible for any data they themselves disclose in these environments.
We engage third party companies and service providers in order to fulfill infrastructure functions of our business and information may be shared with these companies only to the extent necessary to perform the service they were hired to do. Additional information on the service providers used is found below.
If required by applicable law, regulation or legal process, we may disclose information.
If necessary to enforce security, enforce an agreement, prevent fraud or theft, we may disclose information to third parties.
We may share your information with other third parties only with your consent.
Google Analytics is used as analytics provider. No sharing and retargetting of data is enabled.
Below is a list of third party service providers employed by Wimsbios.com in order to provide necessary infrastructure.
Amazon SES. Provides email marketing services
RamNode. Web hosting service
Google. Analytics provider, cloud-based email provider.
Use of cookies
We make use of browser cookies to perform certain functions. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies allow us to recognize you as a user when you return to our website using the same computer and web browser.
Wimsbios.com will set it's own cookies for the purposes of security, member authentication, member activity and analytics. We also use third party cookies so that those services can operate as designed.
We use cookies to identify which areas of our site you have visited, so the next time you visit the site, those pages may be readily accessible. We also use this information to remember that you are logged in and allow you to avoid logging into your customer account every time you come back. Most browser software can be set to reject cookies. However, if you reject our cookies, certain functionality on the website may not work correctly or at all.
Wim's BIOS Page uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
Wim's BIOS Page works with the following 3rd party advertisers that serve ads to this site.
Infolinks is an In Text advertising service which creates links within the Wim's BIOS content. If you hover your mouse over these double underlined links, you will see a small dialog box containing an advertisement related to the text. You can choose to move the mouse away and go on with your browsing, or to click on the box and visit the relevant ad. Click here to opt-out from Infolinks Double Underline Link Ads
To find out more about how InfoLinks manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to http://www.infolinks.com/privacy-policy
To find out more about how Google.com manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to http://www.google.com/adsense
Wimsbios uses Facebook pixel to be able to show relevant ads to aggregate audiences on Facebook
Your data rights
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain legal rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to information, as well as to seek to update or delete this information. You can usually do this using your account settings provided inside your Member account. If you have any difficulty using these tools, contact us for additional assistance.
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us by not submitting your information. We also allow you to remove your information from our marketing lists. If you remove your information from our marketing lists it will no longer be used by us to send promotional correspondence to you. You can out-out from our marketing lists by clicking on the 'Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of every email we send you, or by sending your request, in writing, via email to: wb@wimsbios.com When you opt out, your data is not automatically deleted and is retained for a period, according to our data retention policies.
Age Limitations
To the extend prohibited by applicable law, Wimsbios.com does not allow use of our services and website by anyone younger than 16 years old. No information collected from children is knowingly used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Wimsbios.com. We can not control automatically whether a visitor is younger then 16 years old. If you think we have collected information of a -16 year person, please contact us at wb@wimsbios.com
Changes To This Privacy Policy
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.wimsbios.com/termsofservice.jsp
Data Protection Officer
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at:
Email: wb@wimsbios.com
Address: Wim Bervoets - Kaulillerweg 10 - 3990 Grote Brogel - Belgium
Wim Bervoets is responsible for the processing of data as shown in this privacy policy.
Need help? Ask your question here!
(Examples: how to update your BIOS, how to identify your motherboard)
About
My name is Wim Bervoets and I'm the founder of Wim's BIOS Page. The history of this site goes back to 1996 when I was taking my first steps on the internet. Gradually the site grew to what it is now
- an authority site about BIOS update information - with an active forum.
Free instant access to BIOS tips!
Fill in your name and email and receive our ebook 'How to update your PC BIOS in 3 easy steps' (15$ value), free BIOS tips and updates about Wim's BIOS!
Recent updates
Added BIOS Downloads with Large HDD Support (64GB/128GB) for older motherboards
Download ASUS Live Update tools
Download Phoenix Flasher tools
<
Where can I buy an EPROM programmer and BIOS Flash chips?
Added Medion BIOS Updates
Added Added awdflash and Award Winflash BIOS Utilities
Added How to buy a Flash BIOS upgrade online?
Added How do you flash your BIOS ?
Contact Us
Kaulillerweg 10, 3990 Grote Brogel
Belgium, Europe
Email: wb@wimsbios.com
Stay Connected
1996 - 2019 © Wim Bervoets.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Disclaimer | Disclosure