https://www.designermax.com/security-and-privacy/
Navigation
Surfaces
Mosaics
Porcelain Mosaics
Crackle Glass Mosaics
Marble Mosaics
Glass Mosaics
Pearl Mosaics
Travertine Mosaics
Pavers
porcelain pavers
travertine pavers
Versailles Pattern Pavers
pool copings
limestone pool coping
marble pool coping
porcelain pool coping
travertine pool coping
Tiles
granite stone tiles
limestone tiles
marble stone tiles
travertine stone tiles
Versailles Pattern Tiles
Slabs
Quartz Slabs
Veneer / Ledger
Veneer Panel
Stone Ledger
Porcelain Designer Series
SPC Flooring
Natural Stone Pattern
Wood Grain Pattern
Specialty Stone Items
Baseboards
Borders
Chairrails
Fireplace Surround
Medalions
Pencil Liners
Rope Liners
Bathroom
Bathroom Faucet
Bathroom Sink
Wall Mount Unit with Basin
Sink Console
Tub
Bathtubs
Foot Tubs
Tub & Shower Fixtures
Tub Caddy
Tub Fillers
Tub Filler
Tub Spout
Toilets
Toilet
Drains
Sink Drains
bathroom sink drain
Drain
Drains and Traps
Grid Drain
Shower
Shower Heads
Shower Head
Shower Arms
Hand Shower
Shower Arm
Shower Caddy
Shower Diverter
Shower Hose
Bath Accessories
Medicine Cabinet
Shelf
Mirror
Kitchen
Kitchen Faucet
Pot Fillers
Pot Filler
Kitchen Sink
Kitchen Accessories
kitchen soap dispenser
Kitchen Shelf
Utility
Utility Sink
Clearance
Account
Newsletter
Sign In
Security and Privacy
Home / Security and PrivacyReturn to Previous Page
Last update: 07/01/2019
Transaction Security
We electronically verify each transaction with the credit company, processing only those orders if the credit company so authorizes it. In the case of a suspicious or declined transaction, our company may contact you to confirm the validity and ensure your identity or cancel that order with full notification.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input at 128-bit strength. This is often symbolized on most web-browsers by a small padlock appearing on the bottom bar of the window and the address of the window changing from https:// to https://, meaning a secure connection. In the event that an order cannot be completed, please contact our Customer Service. If our website cannot establish a secure connection, we will not risk your confidential information (it will not be transmitted).
Information you give us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping suggestions, improving our store, and fulfilling your order.
*Emails: Email addresses we receive are used to contact you concerning inquiries before, during and after your order is placed, solely concerning your order. An exception to this is our Newsletters (more information below), as stated above when you provide an email in conjunction with establishing an account with us, and when providing content either in posts or via use of or mobile app. That content can be used as described herein, basically in any way we choose.
Automatic information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Designermax.com. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Designermax.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as the storage of items in your Shopping Cart. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to purchase from the Web site. We recommend that you leave them turned on or please contact our Customer Service to have your order placed.
Do Not Track Information
Designermax.com automatically collects key information from your browser session to provide a customized shopping experience. Without certain tracking code enabled, much of the functionality of the site, including but not limited to product recommendations, would cease to function. As such, we do not currently honor the do not track feature of your browser, as this would adversely affect the shopping experience.
Emails and newsletters
Because we value your right to privacy, we do not sell or otherwise share your contact information to unrelated third parties. Designermax.com and our Network of Stores use email as one of the primary methods of communicating with our customers. The emails we send may be related to a variety of issues, including:
A direct response to an inquiry,
Communication concerning an order (receipt, shipping confirmation, etc), or
Promotional emails you have indicated you wish to receive.
From time to time, we may notify you of special offers based on your purchasing history with us. If you create a Saved Cart, or have one created by our staff, you may receive follow-up emails related to this Cart. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the simple instructions contained in the emails. Unsubscribing will not apply to any future Saved Carts that are created. If you have signed up to receive our promotional emails and wish to stop your subscription, you’ll find easy-to-follow unsubscribe instructions in each promotional email. You may also change your subscription status at any time by:
Logging into your account and editing your “Change Billing Info”
Sending an email to info@Designermax.com
Contacting us by phone at (800) 515-3880. Representatives in our call center can also alter your subscription preferences.
Sharing information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We engage 3d party vendors that collect information about your entire shopping experience while on our site. We review that information to understand your shopping habits and better serve you and other customers. We have made it clear to these vendors that this information is ours and they do not have rights to use that information. They only have rights to collect on our behalf. Information collected from you such as name, address and email is given to 3rd parties vendors we engage to use for marketing purposes at our direction and only on our behalf. These vendors may anonymize and aggregate data collected from you and use that data for the sole purpose of improving their product.
Conditions of use, notices, and revisions
If you choose to visit Designermax.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California. If you have any concern about privacy at Designermax.com, please send a thorough description to our Customer Service team and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. Please check our website frequently to see recent changes.
SMS Terms of Use
What is Designermax.com SMS?
Designermax.com provides SMS service to send order information. Order status, shipping status and delivered status. SMS will be sent if a subscriber opts in and has a mobile phone number. Standard messaging rates may apply. Message frequency will vary by user.
A user may also opt-in to receive a one time message with a link to a specific product details, shopping cart items or mobile applications. MMS service is used to send messages of product photos to and from the user.
What is the cost for Designermax.com SMS?
There is no additional charge for Designermax.com SMS services. However, normal text messaging rates or package deductions may apply. Please check with your carrier for details on your plan.
What carriers are compatible with Designermax.com SMS?
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile*, Metro PCS, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, US Cellular and Cellular One. *T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Are there any additional charges associated with this service?
Standard message rates apply to all text messages. Message rates differ from carrier to carrier, please contact your wireless service provider to inquire about the details specific to your plan.
Is Designermax.com SMS service available to international users?
Currently this service is only available to domestic service plans within the United States.
How do I stop receiving SMS messages from Designermax.com?
To discontinue SMS service from Designermax.com, text “STOP”
Who do I contact for help?
If you need any further assistance please contact us at 1-800-515-3880 or email info@Designermax.com.
© 2019 Designermax.com. All Rights Reserved.
Search engine
Use this form to find things you need on this site
Search
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE OUR NEWSLETTER
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Don't show this popup again