http://www.clickingmad.com/privacy-policy
HomeServices
Strategic PlanningDigital Planning Success
The Right People
User Journey Planning
Design for ExperienceWebsite Design
Understanding Your Customer
Designing The Solution
Technical ServicesContent Managed Websites
Mobile Experience
Digital Communications
Proving SuccessDeep AnalyticsBehaviour AnalysisGoogle/ SEO benchmarkingPortfolio
PortfolioCase StudiesFoundry ProjectsTension Control BoltsBentley Independent Financial AdvisersBridgnorth EndowedTestimonialsPortfolioTestimonialsAbout
Our StoryOur TeamOur NewsClickingmad StoryOur TeamContact
Website PrivacyPolicy
Clickingmad Website Privacy Policy
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and our cookie policy govern Clickingmads relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'Clickingmad' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose contact details can be found on our contact page. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies and may not function correctly without them. By using our website, and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Please refer to our cookie policy for further information.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Disclaimer
The information contained within this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Clickingmad and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Clickingmad. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Clickingmad takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Privacy
This privacy policy sets out how Clickingmad uses and protects any information that you give Clickingmad when you use this website.
Clickingmad is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Clickingmad may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
Cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. You can find out more about cookies and how to control them from your browser by visiting ICO website. Our use of cookies is described more fully in our cookie policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address shown on our contact page. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Accessibility
Clickingmad aims to make our website accessible and usable by people of all abilities and disabilities, including those with visual, hearing, cognitive or motor impairments.
Many people use assistive technologies to allow them to adjust their experience of a website to make it easier for them to use. For example, they might view a website in easier-to-read colours with larger fonts, they may choose to experience content as spoken text, or they may navigate around a site using the keyboard only. As these assistive technologies become more available and sophisticated, we want to ensure that our website continues to work well with them to deliver a good experience for all our users. We are actively working to increase the accessibility and usability of our website and in doing so we adhere to many of the available standards and guidelines.
Clickingmad Ltd use a range of methods and processes to ensure that our website is accessible to all users. For example, all images and hypertext links should include an alternative text description and tables should not be used to define the layout of the site. The site has been built using code compliant with W3C standards for HTML and CSS. The site displays correctly in current browsers and using standards-compliant HTML/CSS code means any future browsers will also display it correctly. However, whilst we strive to adhere to the accepted guidelines and standards for accessibility and usability, it may not always be possible to do so in all areas of the website. Furthermore, there may be visual differences when using different browsers and users with different devices will experience the website in different ways.
If you have any questions regarding the accessibility or usability of our website, please contact us through the Contact Page.
Have a project to discuss?
>
1/3
>
2/3
>
3/3
Submitting...
Thank you, we will be in touch shortly to discuss your project.
>