http://www.netmar.com/privacy.html
Skip to main content
HomeHostingBusiness PlansPersonal PlansServersDomainsDomain managementDomain registrationDomain renewalSSL CertificatesSSL Certificate PricesSupportNetmar How-To GuideConnectingallDoes Netmar backup my data nightly?How do I allow my web designer or employee access to JUST PART of my account?How do I change my account password?How do I change where my weekly statistics reports are sent?How do I create new email addresses?How do I even get to a netmar> prompt and what good is it?How do I find out how much disk space I am using?How do I get my mail from the server?How do I login to my account via ssh?How do I make a form that sends me encrypted email?How do I make customized Error Pages (e.g. 404 etc.)?How do I receive credit card orders over the web?How do I receive email at my website's domain name?How do I register a domain name just to "park" it?How do I require users to enter a password to access a webpage?How do I restore files I have accidentally deleted?How do I send email with my new domain name in the return address?How do I setup a counter on my webpage?How do I setup a new domain name?How do I setup a web order form?How do I setup new websites with separate domains?How do I transfer my existing website to Netmar?12allHow do I use Netmar's supplied CGI scripts?How do I use Server Side Includes?How do I use my own CGI scripts?How do I use the free SSL secure server?How to connect3allIs my website monitored around the clock?Internet EtiquetteSecure messageAbout UsGuaranteesNetmar Service Level AgreementPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceWhy Open Source?Acceptable Use PolicyPay OnlineContact UsLogin
Netmar Privacy Policy · Netmar LLC provides a safe and secure service to all customers who have contracts with us. We strive to protect all personal information that is collected online via our website or any other access to our network.This privacy policy states the measures that have been taken to insure personal information confidentiality.
· Netmar LLC reserves the right to change this privacy policy for future changes in the company. When this policy is altered, the current version is the authoritative version, superseding previous versions. However, the privacy policy version that is in effect at the time of collection of any specific piece of data will be the policy adhered to for that collection.
Means of Collecting information· Any personal contact information collected by Netmar LLC is received through voluntary submission by customers.
All information received is transmitted via a secure browser or terminal window.What information is collected and how it is used· Any personal information collected by Netmar LLC is used for internal, organizational and billing, purposes only. Credit card information is collected for user authorized payments including the first payment of an account. Customers may elect to pay via other methods than Credit Card after the first payment. Personal information includes name (first and last), address, phone number, email address, and secondary contact information per customer request.· Personal information is not sold to or shared with any third party, with the following exceptions: Netmar will fully comply with the requests of any official law enforcement agency having jurisdiction in a matter involving Netmar, and Netmar reserves the right to submit personal information to credit collection agencies when an account has been determined to be delinquent in payment.· When visitors come to our site, non-personally identifiable information is collected. This information includes Operating System (Linux, Windows, Solaris, etc.), browser (Internet Explorer, Netscape, Mozilla, etc.), referring website, and I.P. address.· We will not use personal information in a manner different from the practices described above without providing notification to the customer and only after receiving consent to commence in such actions. We do reserve the right to use information collected by our web server in order to study traffic patterns and determine how to most effectively market Netmar's services.Keeping Information Current· It is the sole responsibility of the customer to keep information current with Netmar LLC Information can be updated only by the primary account holder. In the event that Netmar needs to contact a customer who's contact information is out of date, Netmar may use any means available to obtain correct contact information.Computer and Cookie Tracking· Netmar LLC reserves the right to use cookies in order to track frequency and/or number of visits to our web page.Security· We have in place digital, physical, and human measures to protect and prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use personal information collected online.· Credit information is collect through web browser via Secure Socket Layer protocol (SSL).Contact Us· Any question, comments, or concerns in regard to our privacy policy should be directed staff@netmar.com.
About Us
With almost two decades of experience in the web hosting business, we've seen a lot of trends come and go.  We're still here because we've stayed focused on the one thing that matters -- our customers.  If you're looking for personal service in an impersonal industry, give us a call.
Our customers say ...
I ordered an account with you on Monday and I was able to upload my pages quite easily that evening. Thanks for providing a great service.
-- Betsy Bryce