https://www.element.com/terms/cookie-policy
Close
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read More
I Agree
Cookie Policy
Information about our use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.  This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our website.  This policy provides you with information about the cookies we use and why we use them.  When first accessing our website you will see a pop up notification asking you to consent to or acknowledge our use of cookies.  Our Privacy Statement sets out more detail on the information we may collect about you and how we may use this.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file which is downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or application.  It helps you to navigate round our website more easily and allows you to store preferences on the website.  When you visit the website later, cookies will enable our website to remember information about your visit (eg. your country, language and other settings) and recognise any login details you use.
Which cookies do we use and why?
We use different types of cookies on this website which fall into these categories:
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential to help you move around the website and access secure areas, or remember preferences you might have chosen on previous pages as you go through the website.  Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.  We use these cookies to:
Remember information you have entered as you navigate different pages;
Identify you as being logged in to our website; and
Route users to specific applications or services.
We use session cookies, which are temporary and exist only while you are viewing the website.  They are removed when you close your browser.
Analytical/Performance cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about which pages visitors go to on the website and how they generally use the website. These cookies help us to improve how our website works.  We use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how our website is used;
Assess how effective our advertisements are;
Help us improve our website by measuring any errors that occur; and
Test different designs of our website.
We use Google Analytics, which uses these types of cookies, to give us statistics about visitors to our website and the paths they use to reach us.  They do not identify individual visitors, but the information helps us to see how improvements can be made to our website.
Disabling cookies
Most browsers have cookies enabled by default but you can change your cookies settings through the settings on your web browser.
If you do not want to have cookies stored on your computer or device, or would like to restrict the type of cookie you receive or delete cookies which have already been stored, you can block or delete cookies.  However if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.  You can find out how to do this through the Help function, or you can also visit www.aboutcookies.org which will give you more information.  To disable cookies on your mobile device’s browser, you may need to consult your device’s manual.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting to refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our website.  Once you have given us your consent to use cookies, we shall store a cookie on your computer or device to remember this for next time (which will expire periodically).  If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time you will need to delete our cookies using your web browser settings.
Element uses Google Analytics, a third party web analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses 'performance cookies' to analyse how you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on services in the United States. To find out more about Google Analytics, Google’s privacy policy and opting out of its cookies, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please note that if you disable cookies, some of the services on our website may not function.
Header.Navigation.Close
Navigation
ABOUT
The Element Story
Our Purpose, Mission, Vision and Values
Growth Through Acquisition
Corporate Responsibility
Governance and Integrity
Latest news
Case Studies
Our Engaged Experts
Upcoming events
The Element Board
The Element Operating Board
AEROSPACE
TRANSPORTATION
FIRE
CONNECTED TECHNOLOGIES
ENERGY
MORE SECTORS
All Additional Sectors
Calibration Services
Certification
Consumer
Defense
Environmental
Food Testing
Infrastructure
Legal and Insurance
Manufacturing and Fabrication
Medical Device
Pharmaceutical
SERVICES
Our Services
Materials Testing
Product Qualification Testing
Certification
ACCREDITATIONS
RESOURCES
CAREERS
PORTALS
Our Locations
Contact us
QUESTIONS AND QUOTES
FEEDBACK
MEDIA CENTER
YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS
Search
Search
Close