https://www.studioiq.com/sample-page-2/studio-iq-llc-privacy-policy/
Enabling You
Privacy
Services
Schedule Meeting
Customer
Digital
About Bob
We believe in protecting our clients’ information and confidentiality. It is critical that access to private client information be restricted to valid users as determined by that client’s business management. This privacy policy applies to all visitors to www.studioiq.com and www.studioiq.net. We do not sell any user information to anyone.
Please read this policy and contact us at info@studioiq.com if you have any questions regarding its contents. We do not sell or rent client lists or personal information about our clients to anyone. We require that all employees and companies providing services on our behalf keep client information confidential.
Studio IQ, LLC shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy policy. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and without prior notice. Revisions will be posted on our Web site. This purpose of this Privacy Policy is for information only to our users and clients.
Information Collected and Use
When using our site, we may ask for and collect information. When you register to use our site’s restricted user areas, we may ask for and store your name, company name, company ID code, email address, and other contact data. This information is used to verify your identity so that only valid users access restricted client data.
Use of our registered user areas may require that you accept the use of cookies. We use cookies to protect client data and limit multiple voting by a single user in our survey areas. and to track user activity at our site to better serve your needs. We may also use cookies to track traffic patterns on Studio IQ’s web sites so that we can enhance your experience during your visit. We may modify the Web site’s content based on the activities and trends we see in our compiled data so to enhance our user’s experience.
We use your information to identify you as a user of the site and to allow you access to the registered sections of the site. We may use your email address to contact you directly regarding services that we believe may increase the value and use of the our services.
Disclosure of Information
We may provide third parties with collective profiles of our site visitors and their activities through Web statistics. Such compiled profiles may also be disclosed in describing our site and services to prospective alliance members, advisors and other third parties for purposes to enhance the user’s experience and our service offer to our clients. If required by law, we may disclose information for legal purposes.
You may choose to restrict our use of your personal information by contacting us and advising us to do so. If you wish us to restrict the use or disclosure of your information, please send us an email at info@studioiq.com. Since we must use specific information to identify you as a valid user in order provide secured services to you, your decision to restrict our use of this information may limit access to some of the services on our site.
Changes to Information
At any time after you have entered your personal information to our site, you may contact us at info@studioiq.com to notify us of changes to such information. If you request any changes, we will contact you by email to confirm those changes.
If your access password has been compromised, you should immediately change your password and notify your company of a possible security breach. All companies should notify us and change access codes and other private information when employees leave the company.
Hosted by Studio IQ
Admin Login
Follow Us
LinkedIn