http://www.phplist.com/privacy
Home (current)
Pricing
Blog
Blog
Knowledgebase
Register
Login
phpList is GDPR-compliant, and enforces the regulation to protect the user data that we store
Data Processing Addendum: Read how to sign a DPA between your company and phpList
Updated May 24th 2018
Below is our privacy policy for the personal information we collect from you, how we use it, and how we safeguard and protect that information. phpList.com is part of phpList Ltd. services, offered by phpList Ltd through phplist.com. The Service offed by us enables our clients, among other things, to send and manage newsletters and promotional campaigns.
The company's registered address is:
Unit 15 Marston Business Park, Lower Hazeldines, Marston Moretaine, Bedfordshire, MK43 0XT, United Kingdom. Company Number: 07582966
INFORMATION COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy covers personal information, including any information we collect from you, use and share, as described further below. This privacy policy does not cover how our Users may use or share data that they collect using our services.
When you sign up to use one of our services on phpList.com, your personal information will be collected, used, and shared consistently with the provisions of this privacy policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
In the course of your use of the Services, we obtain the following information about you. We collect this data for the purposes described below.
SIGNING UP FOR SERVICE - FREE OR PAID
When you sign up for a phpList.com account, subscribe to our newsletter, submit a product enquiry, or contact our support team, you provide us with information such as your name, email address, organisation, phone number, geographic location and password.
When you purchase a paid plan you provide to us (by way of our Services or otherwise) payment information including credit card data.
When you create a campaign or a distribution list using phpList.com, we have access to the data on your list and the information in your campaign. We may also collect metadata about your use and your contacts' use of our Services and the emails you send (including clicks and opens of email content).
By providing us with this information, you consent to your information being collected, used and stored by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WEBSITE VISITS
When you visit a phplist.com website, whether you have an account or not, the cookies, server logs, and other methods are used to collect data about what pages you visit and when. Cookies are small computer files, which may be downloaded to your computer's hard drive when you visit a website. Further explanation of cookies, and how you can delete or control them, may be found at AboutCookies.org.
Data relating to your online activity on our website with respect to our Services, includes the following:
IP address
browser type and version
geographic location
pages you view
how you got to our Services and any links you click on to leave our Services
issues you encounter requiring our support or assistance
any device or other method of communication you use to interact with the Services
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use this information to create and secure your phpList.com account to make sure only you can access your installation. We will also use it to contact you regarding your account status (activation, upgrades, suspension, make inactive, closure) as well as regarding payments and service subscriptions.
We will use the information to send you so-called system-alert messages to inform you of planned maintenance work, system improvements, version updates and other customer service information. Additionally, we may use your contact data to send you updates on our latest services and products or to contact you so we can learn more about our clients.
Payment information that you provide to us, including credit card data, will only be used to facilitate payment for our products and services. When you supply us with personal and financial information (such as your credit card or bank details), we may use this information to process the related payments that derive from our business relationship with you and which have been authorised by you.
We will use the access to your phplist.com account to provide you with phpList.com services, such as sending the campaigns to your subscribers and track open and click data on your campaigns. Apart from providing you with statistics on your campaign (total number of messages sent, bounces, unsubscribes, open and click rates) we may also aggregate the data to collect and analyse this information for the total of our clients. Furthermore we may use this information to verify compliance with the Terms and Conditions.
We may also use your data to analyse visitors' behavior on our website in order to improve our website and services. We also use the information we receive in aggregated and anonymized formats to produce reports on trends and statistics, such as mobile search trends, email open rates by industry, campaign best practices or the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, our websites or evaluated or purchased our services. For similar purposes, we may send you a short survey to obtain your feedback on our products and services.
Disclosure to third parties
In no case does phpList sell, share or rent out your contact lists to third parties, nor does it use them for any purposes other than those set forth in this policy. We will use the information from your contact lists only for legal requirements, to invoice and collect summaries for our own statistics and for the purposes of providing you with customer support services.
We may be required to disclose information to legal authorities if they so request it and when they have the proper authorisation, such as a search warrant or court order. It may also be seen by our auditors and professional advisors solely for their professional purposes.
We may also share aggregate information (without revealing any individual data) with third parties which offer their services through our website.
Retention of personal information
Your personal data will be kept by phpList for no longer is necessary for the specific purposes for which the personal data are processed. More precisely, personal data is kept as long as actions to phpList are necessary with regard to the purpose(s) of the processing of personal data (unless otherwise required by law). You are able to access your personal data for as long as you hold an active account with us and for a period that varies depending on the type of data concerned. If your account is inactive for 24 or more months, we may terminate the account. Once your account is terminated, you acknowledge and agree that we may permanently delete your account and all the data associated with it, including your Campaigns. Usernames are unique and can only be used once. If your account has been terminated, the username will no longer be available for use on any future accounts and cannot be reclaimed. We store the data we collect in a variety of places within our infrastructure, including system log files, back end databases and analytics systems.
Protection of your personal information
We are concerned with safeguarding your personal information and the details of any transactions. We have appropriate organisational and technical security measures in place to protect your data against unauthorised disclosure or processing. Moreover, in order to avoid in particular all unauthorised access, to guarantee accuracy and the proper use of the data, phpLIst has put the appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures in place with a view to safeguarding and preserving the data gathered through its services.
However, there is no absolute safety from piracy or hackers. That is why in the event a breach of security were to affect you, phpList undertakes to inform you without undue delay and to use its best efforts to take all possible measures to neutralise the intrusion and minimise the impacts.
You should keep in mind that any user, customer or hacker who discovers and takes advantage of a breach in security renders him or herself liable to criminal prosecution.
Updating your personal data
To update your account details you should log in to your phpList installation and visit "My Account" page. That doesn't include your email address, which we must be sure is a valid address in order for us to use to contact you. In order for that to be changed you should submit a request to us. You can also adapt and update the personal details we keep of you by clicking the preferences link in any email communication you receive from us. You can opt out of any email marketing communications from us by clicking any of the "Unsubscribe" links which are included in every message we may send you.
phpList accounts require an email and password to log in. Clients must keep their email and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Because the information in a phpList account is sensitive, account passwords are hashed, which means we cannot read them. For this reason we cannot resend forgotten passwords. We will provide you with instructions on how to reset your password upon request.
Accessing personal data
You can see your account personal data at any time by visiting the "My Account" page within your phpList installation.
How can I erase data about me?
You can request that your account be deleted, including all associated data, by contacting us using the facility within your account, or using the contact details below. In case we are unable to comply with your request we shall notify you of the reason why. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
How can I contact phpList about privacy?
You can send questions and complaints to:
info@phplist.com
phpList Ltd., Unit 15 Marston Business Park, Lower Hazeldines, Marston Moretaine, Bedfordshire, MK43 0XT, United Kingdom.
For complaints under GDPR more generally, European Union users may lodge complaints with their local data protection supervisory authorities.
How can I find out about changes?
This version of phpList's privacy questions and answers took effect on the date stated at the top of this page. phpList will announce the next version at https://phplist.com/blog, and on your phpList.com account dashboard. phpList may change how it announces changes in future versions. In the meantime, phpList may update its contact information without announcing a change. Please refer to https://phplist.com/privacy for the latest contact information at any time.