http://www.freewaredirectory.net/privacy.htm
Freeware
Directory.net
Home
| Advertising | Featured Software
| Add URL | Privacy |
Contact | About
Freeware -- Business Applications -- Handheld & PDA -- Games -- Graphics -- Internet -- Multimedia -- Utilities
Privacy Profile Of The Freeware Directory!
DisclaimerWithin
the Freeware Directory you will find internet resources,
websites, and products.  Although we have made
these available, this is not an endorsement by Freeware
Directory.net of the resources, websites, and products
listed within this website. Freeware Directory.net
will not be held liable for the use or misuse of
products, resources, or content provided listed
within this website.
Privacy
Statement
This is the website of Freeware
Directory.net. We can be reached via our contact page/form.
We do
not collect
any personal information on
users who browse our Web pages and only the necessary information provided by
you in your inquiry about our website.
The information we collect is not shared
with other organizations for commercial purposes and used to respond to your
inquiry unless otherwise noted.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive
telephone contact from us with information regarding inquiry's they have placed
with us on-line at their request.
Upon request we provide site customers with
access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain
about them, transaction information (e.g., advertising, and/or listing information) that we maintain about them,
communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g.,
e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone
number) that we maintain about them, a description of information that we
maintain about them. Customers can access this information by contacting us via
our contact form. Upon request we offer customers the ability to have
inaccuracies corrected in contact information, transaction information,
communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
With respect to security: We have
appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect
against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected
from you at this site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated
information policy, you may contact us at the above email address, The DMA's
Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org.
Copyright 2004-2009 freewaredirectory.net
Freeware -- Business Applications -- Handheld & PDA -- Games -- Graphics -- Internet -- Multimedia -- Utilities
Home
| Advertising | Featured Software
| Add URL | Privacy |
Contact | About