http://www.phpbbsmith.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | phpBB Smith
Jump to navigation
phpBB Smith
You are hereHome › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement has been created for phpBB Smith in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This document describes how www.phpbbsmith.com collects and uses personal information from web site visitors.
Collection of Information
Registration
Registration is not required to use or access this web site. However, the web site includes some features that do require registration prior to participation using those features. Such features may include (but are not limited to) personalized content, interaction with others, securing your data, communicating about the web site and improving the features provided.
Our site's registration and account forms require users to provide us with the following:
Contact information, such as an e-mail address
Unique identifiers, such as a username
These forms may also automatically assign additional unique identifiers, such as account numbers, that is stored with your data.
Information Automatically Logged
As with most web sites, we may gather some information automatically from every visitor. This information may include:
IP Address
Software information, such as web browser, web browser capabilities and operating system
Pages viewed during a visit
Referring and exit pages
Date and time of visit
In addition to the above, other information may be collected by the hosting service for this web site, Sourceforge.net. Please see the Sourceforge.net Privacy Policy for details on what information Sourceforge.net may collect and how that information may be used by Sourceforge.net.
Use of Information
We use collected information for the purposes of administering and improving our web site. This may include:
Diagnosing and solving display or access problems
Preventing access by users who violate our policies
Providing services and personalized content
Management of user data or accounts
Facilitate your interactions with other users
Send you communications regarding your activity on the site,
Send you communications regarding management of your account, such as password change requests
Disclosure of Information
We will share personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell personal information to third parties.
We may disclose personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or legal process,
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect the safety of yourself or others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
when a user persistently behaves in a disruptive way, information may be released to a service provider, carrier, or other third-party entity to assist in the targeting of IP blocks, or to assist in the formulation of a complaint to relevant Internet Service Providers,
if phpBB Smith is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Please note that if you post content (including, but not limited to: forum posts, private messages, optional account details, etc.) on this site, any personally identifiable information you provide in that content may be read, collated and used by anyone viewing the content. As such, we are not responsible for personally identifiable information you may choose to make available through these channels.
Tracking Technologies
Cookies
We may use cookies to store your preferences, carry information about your current session from one web page on this site to another page and to identify you on a return visit. This allows you to automatically login on each page, so that you do not have to enter a username and password on every page requested.
Third party widgets, such as Youtube, may use cookies depending on their configuration. We do not have access to cookies or information used by these widgets. phpBB Smith is not responsible for the privacy practices of these widgets. These widgets are governed by the privacy statements of their originating services.
Advertisements
This site may allow third parties like ad networks to serve advertisements. Some ads include tracking technologies which aggregate information about your behavior on this and other site. These technologies may include cookies.
Interest-based ads are selected for you according to your interests as determined by companies such as ad networks and data aggregators. These companies collect information about your online activity and use it to show you ads tailored to your interests.
The usage of these technologies are governed by the privacy statements of the third parties. These includeGoogle
Security
The security of personal information is important to us. We attempt ensure that personal information submitted to us is secure, but no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. No one can guarantee the complete security of information transmitted on the Internet. We do not guarantee that information submitted to us will remain private.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of phpBB Smith. phpBB Smith is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Changing Your Information
To review or change personal information you have provided to us, you can visit the following URL:
You can visit the following URL:/boards/ucp.php
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this web site. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this web site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
thoul@phpbbsmith.com
You are hereHome › Privacy Policy
Projects
phpBB 3 (17)Administration Tools (8)
Anti Spam Tools (4)
Site Experience (4)
Customize Your phpBB 3 Forum (2)
phpBB 2 (93)Administration Tools (16)
Admin Upload Utility (10)
Anti Spam Tools (8)
New Features (3)
Shop Add-Ons (6)
Site Experience (17)
Templates (1)
Customize Your phpBB 2 Forum (6)
Troubleshooting phpBB 2 (5)
Code Changes (17)
Database Abstraction Layer (5)
Recent content
Signature Edit Permission Released
Signature Edit Permission
Signature on Memberlist Released
Signature on Memberlist
Signature Restrictions Updated to 1.1.1
Signature Restrictions
Word Cleaner Updated, Count Search Words Released
Count Search Words
About phpBB Smith
Sourceforge Project Page
Support Archive
phpBBHacks.com Listings
Books
Learn more with Books!
Support
If you enjoy the software found here, please consider supporting future work. Thanks!
© 2002 - 2020 phpBB Smith (Details)
We are in no way affiliated with the phpBB Group. phpBB is copyright to the phpBB Group.
About • Contact • Privacy Policy
We Support phpBBHacks.com •