http://www.epic.org/privacy/poverty/hmiscomments.html
Before the Department of Housing
and Urban Development
Washington, DC 20410
In The Matter of
Homeless Management Information Systems (HMIS)
Data and Technical Standards Notice
HUD Docket No. FR-4848-N-01
COMMENTS OF THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER;
PRIVACY RIGHTS CLEARINGHOUSE; PAM DIXON; CONSUMER ACTION; NATIONAL CONSUMERS
LEAGUE; ROBERT ELLIS SMITH; CENTER FOR DEMOCRACY AND TECHNOLOGY; THE AMERICAN
CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION; AND THE NATIONAL LEGAL AID AND DEFENDER ASSOCIATION
September 22, 2003
INTRODUCTION
The commenters express strong reservations with the Department of Housing
and Urban Development's (HUD) proposed guidelines for implementation of Homeless
Management Information Systems (HMIS).[1] We set forth in detail below that
while the goals of HMIS are laudable, the proposed guidelines are highly privacy-invasive,
and create a system of tracking similar to those imposed on individuals convicted
of crimes. HMIS will exacerbate risks to the homeless, including politically-motivated
purges of homeless populations, and the risk that domestic violence victims
will be located by abusive partners through the system. Furthermore, HUD does
not have Congressional approval to track the homeless at the level of detail
it proposes. It is clear that Congress advised HUD to enumerate the homeless,
but it did not advocate a tracking system or new collections of personal information
for the homeless. Additionally, we strongly object to law enforcement, Secret
Service, and Homeland Security access to HMIS data. The final section of our
comments argue that a census-style "point in time" snapshot of benefits
recipients is less-invasive and can meet the otherwise well-intentioned goals
of HMIS.
PARTIES
EPIC is a public interest research center in Washington, D.C. It was established
in 1994 to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to
protect privacy, the First Amendment, and constitutional values. EPIC maintains
a web page on privacy and poverty issues at http://www.epic.org/privacy/poverty/.
The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse is a nonprofit consumer information and
advocacy program. It offers consumers a unique opportunity to learn how to
protect their personal privacy.
Pam Dixon is the author of eight books, and a privacy researcher.
Consumer Action is a non-profit, membership-based organization that was founded
in San Francisco in 1971. Since then, Consumer Action has continued to serve
consumers nationwide by advancing consumer rights, referring consumers to
complaint-handling agencies through our free hotline, publishing educational
materials in Chinese, English, Korean, Tagalog, Russian, Vietnamese, and other
languages, advocating for consumers in the media and before lawmakers, and
comparing prices on credit cards, bank accounts, and long distance services.
The National Consumers League is a private, nonprofit advocacy group representing
consumers on marketplace and workplace issues. It is the nation's oldest consumer
organization. Its mission is to identify, protect, represent, and advance
the economic and social interests of consumers and workers.
Robert Ellis Smith is an author, attorney, and publisher of Privacy Journal,
the most authoritative publication in the world on the individual's right
to privacy. Founded in 1974, it is the oldest publication on privacy in the
world. Smith is the author of Ben Franklin's Web Site: Privacy and Curiosity
From Plymouth Rock to the Internet.
The Center for Democracy and Technology works to promote democratic values
and constitutional liberties in the digital age. With expertise in law, technology,
and policy, CDT seeks practical solutions to enhance free expression and privacy
in global communications technologies. CDT is dedicated to building consensus
among all parties interested in the future of the Internet and other new communications
media.
The American Civil Liberties Union ("ACLU"), The American Civil
Liberties Union is the nation's largest civil liberties organization with
approximately 400,000 members spread across the United States. In its 80 year
history, the ACLU has defended the principles of liberty enshrined in the
Bill of Rights , including the right of Privacy and has frequently represented
homeless persons and organizations.
The National Legal Aid and Defender Association ("NLADA") is the
nation's leading advocate for front-line attorneys and other equal justice
professionals--those who make a difference in the lives of low-income clients
and their families and communities. Representing legal aid and defender programs,
as well as individual advocates, NLADA is proud to be the oldest and largest
national, nonprofit membership association devoting 100 percent of its resources
to serving the broad equal justice community.
HMIS OVERVIEW
Homeless Management Information Systems (HMIS) are programs intended to track
recipients of benefits in order to assess the number of persons receiving
care, and to improve efficiency of services to the poor. While well intentioned,
proposed mandatory guidelines for HMIS issued by the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) are highly privacy-invasive. Under the proposed
guidelines, federally-funded entities that provide support for the poor (Continuums
of Care, or "CoCs") will have to:
Collect extensive amounts of personally identifiable information from
everyone who receives care. CoCs will have to collect: full legal names,
dates of birth, Social Security Numbers, ethnicity and race, gender, veteran
status, and the person's residence prior to program entry.[2]
Collect other sensitive information from those who receive care: The HMIS
questionnaire delves deeply into the personal lives of the homeless, tracking
where they have been, what services they have used, their income, benefits,
disabilities, health status, pregnancy status, HIV status, behavioral health
status, education, employment, and whether they have experienced domestic
violence.[3]
Collect information on individuals who seek care during a brief episode
of their lives.[4] For instance, individuals who sought shelter during the
recent blackouts in the Northeast would be tracked by the system.
Store this information for at least seven years.[5]
Report it regularly (at least once a year) to central servers (in the
state or region).[6]
Store all of the information in an exportable format, such as CSV.[7]
THE PROPOSED GUIDELINES ARE HIGHLY PRIVACY INVASIVE
The proposed guidelines for HMIS are highly privacy invasive. They will expose
the homeless to a degree of tracking normally employed against criminals.
The proposal to collect sensitive data will have profound effects on individuals'
fundamental rights to travel, rights to receive benefits,[8] and personal
autonomy.
An Implementation Guide prepared for HUD by the McCormack Institute of Public
Affairs on HMIS advises that the agency should resist the temptation to collect
too much personal information:
Although a temptation to collect every piece of client information exists,
there are several reasons to avoid collecting too much data. For one, the
more data that are collected about a client, the greater the privacy risk
to that individual. Another reason-the more data the system collects, the
greater potential for data entry errors. Finally, buy-in at the agency level
will be easier to obtain if case managers are not required to collect much
additional information. Balancing the opportunity of data collection and analysis
with the privacy concerns and data collection burdens of an HMIS is important.[9]
HUD's proposed guidelines on HMIS abandons this advice. Rather than limiting
collection of sensitive information, the proposed guidelines are detailed
in requiring the maximum possible personal information about the homeless.
The information requirements far exceed Congressional direction to obtain
an unduplicated count of the homeless. Instead, the agency has proposed an
expansive homeless surveillance system that will place the homeless at risk.
HMIS Lays the Infrastructure for a Centralized, National Homeless Tracking
System
HUD's guidelines contain all the necessary elements to create a centralized,
nation-wide homeless tracking system. No aspect of the guidelines creates
any legally or technically enforceable guarantee or precaution against the
creation of such a database in the future.
The proposed guidelines are specific in detailing data consistency standards,
and in the requirement that all HMIS data be exportable in a universal formal.
This specificity in data collection and portability evinces an intent for
future aggregation of personal information.
Even if there is no attempt to nationalize the HMIS database, the CoCs may
self-organize over large geographical areas. CoCs could create state-wide
or region-wide information sharing agreements.[10]
HMIS Should Not Track Aid Recipients by the Social Security Number
The Social Security Number (SSN) plays a central role in the tracking, identification,
and authentication of Americans. In order to protect individuals' privacy
with regards to the SSN, Congress passed the Privacy Act of 1974.[11] Among
other things, the Act makes it unlawful for a governmental agency to deny
a right, benefit, or privilege merely because the individual refuses to disclose
his SSN.
Section 7 of the Privacy Act further provides that any agency requesting
an individual to disclose his SSN must "inform that individual whether
that disclosure is mandatory or voluntary, by what statutory authority such
number is solicited, and what uses will be made of it."[12] This provision
in the Privacy Act attempts to limit the use of the number to only those purposes
where there is clear legal authority to collect the SSN.
A database of SSNs presents privacy and identity theft risks to individuals
enrolled in the system. HUD should employ an alternate identifier to mark
aid recipients. A recent Federal Trade Commission report notes that 27.3 million
Americans have been victims of identity theft in the last five years. 9.9
million have been victimized in the last year alone. The FTC also found that
consumer victims experienced $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses. [13] HMIS
could exacerbate this growing crime by requiring greater use and exposure
of the SSN.
HMIS Is Poised to Expand
A HUD-funded report on six sample HMIS products shows that the systems are
capable of collecting more data elements, and centralizing the data. One system
made by Bowman Internet Systems can collect driver's license numbers, aliases,
immigration status, and voter registration status, in addition to the elements
required by the guidelines.[14] Other HMIS implementations can collect a photograph
of the data subject, their native language, and parental status.[15]
HMIS Is Expensive and Will Detract from CoC's Ability to Serve the Needy
While some HMIS software is free, many of the systems are very expensive,
and will cut into budgets of CoCs who are trying to directly assist the homeless.
For instance, the HUD-sponsored In Depth Report showed that the two-year operating
cost of a system could cost between $37,000-290,000.[16]
HMIS Creates Unreasonable Security Risks
Individuals enrolled in the HMIS database will be exposed to significant
information security risks. When information is aggregated in a single place,
such as a state or regional HMIS database, it becomes more valuable to malicious
actors, and is more likely to be attacked.
As the Implementation Guide prepared for HUD notes, there are structural
security risks in HMIS. These include risks presented by placing individuals'
data online and in staff members divulging information, especially at facilities
with high turnover rates.[17]
Additionally, the In Depth Report on HMIS indicates that several popular
database implementations present security risks. For example, one system made
by "Bowman Internet Systems" uses Microsoft IIS to place data subjects'
information online.[18] IIS is no longer even used by the majority of Internet
servers. IIS has been the successful target of many malicious attacks, including
the Nimda and Code Red viruses.
Another HMIS implementation, ANCHoR, which currently is used across the country,
does not even have an audit trail.[19] Audit trails are essential, especially
in environments where "insiders" are unsupervised or otherwise able
to disclose information without oversight.
HMIS Will Cause Concrete Harms to the Homeless
HMIS Will Exacerbate the Risk of Politically-Motivated Purges of the Homeless
The homeless are frequently purged from neighborhoods for political reasons.
The practice, sometimes referred to as "homeless dumping," has been
documented by many newspapers and human rights groups. The homeless are also
targeted by laws that are selectively enforced to rid certain areas of them.
We have documented instances of discrimination against the homeless below.
These acts of discrimination could be much more intense if HMIS programs were
available to the police or other officials who wish to rid an area of homeless
persons.
Furthermore, security agents in advance of a major event like the Olympics
may use the HMIS database for improper purposes under the pretense of "national
security" interests. Under the national security access provisions, they
could gain access to the entire database with very little oversight or public
accountability.
Amnesty International alleged that police in Puerto Rico purged the homeless
from public areas in advance of the "Miss Universe" contest for
the past two years. Homeless persons reported that they were also forcibly
removed from public areas in commercial districts of San Juan and dropped
off in remote regions. Ivan Roman, Island Makes Amnesty International's
List of Human Rights Violators, Orlando Sentinel Tribune, Jun. 2, 2002.
A December 2001 study by the Atlanta Task Force for the Homeless found
that: "The trend of criminalizing homelessness is particularly blatant
in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1995 and 1996, the upcoming Olympics and their promise
of growth and profit for Atlanta led to the arrest of over 9,000 individuals
experiencing homelessness in a 12 month period. Since the 1996 Olympics,
Atlanta's City Council and many local business leaders have cooperated in
a concerted effort to 'clean' the streets of Atlanta...Homeless individuals
are incarcerated in the City of Atlanta Detention Center for infractions
of the host of 'quality of life' ordinances drafted by CAP (Central Atlanta
Progress) and members of City Council. Homeless individuals in jail, on
the street and in shelters testify to regular 'sweeps' of homeless people
from Atlanta streets. Homeless individuals in Atlanta pay the price for
these policies through continuous arrests, lost jobs and housing, bodily
injury and death." Criminalization Report, Atlanta Task Force
for the Homeless, December 2001, available at http://homelesstaskforce.org/rights_comments.php?id=P230_0_3_0_C.
The Atlanta Task Force for the Homeless noted that "Atlanta built
a new city jail, described in one article as 'the first Olympic project
completed on time.' Additionally, the Task Force found that African Americans
made up the largest numbers of homeless people arrested under the new ordinances
[quality of life laws that prohibited " aggressive panhandling, lying
down on a public park bench, either remaining in or walking across a public
parking lot unless one had a car parked in that lot, and occupying vacant
buildings"]. They estimated that Atlanta spent between $300,000 and
$500,000 annually to incarcerate homeless detainees, which obviously took
funding away from other programs such as housing." Karen Denton, The
Olympics, Homelessness, and Civil Rights, ACLU (Utah) Reporter, Fall
1999, at http://www.acluutah.org/99fall.htm
The Problem of Law Enforcement Abuse of Databases Is Well Documented;
HMIS Provides More Opportunities for Such Abuse
Police misuse of law enforcement and other databases occurs so frequently
that Tech Television, a news media organization that focuses on technology,
published the "Top 10 List of Police Database Abuses" in June 2002.[20]
That article details occurrences where police used law enforcement databases
to locate individuals that they eventually killed,[21] and a case where agents
sold database information to organized crime syndicates.[22]
In January 2001, a 12-year veteran of the Drug Enforcement Agency, Emilio
Calatayud, was charged with selling personal information from police databases.
Calatayud made thousands of dollars by selling the personal information to
private investigators from the National Crime Information Center (NCIC), California
Law Enforcement Telecommunications System (CLETS), and the Narcotics and Dangerous
Drug Information System (NDDIS) databases. On the first day of this trial
in February 2002, the DEA agent skipped bail but was eventually captured in
Mexico.
In May 2002, FBI agents Lynn Wingate and Jeffrey Royer were indicted on fraud
charges relating to use of government databases.[23] The FBI agents allegedly
used their access to agency databases to provide information on companies
for stock manipulation purposes. One agent allegedly searched the NCIC database
and used information contained within it to smear a company executive and
lower stock prices. Both allegedly used confidential FBI databases to monitor
government investigations of the other stock manipulators.
HMIS Will Increase Risks of Domestic Violence
Studies have demonstrated that many people seeking benefits are doing so
because they have recently been a victim of domestic violence:[24]
Many studies demonstrate the contribution of domestic violence to homelessness,
particularly among families with children. A 1990 Ford Foundation study found
that 50% of homeless women and children were fleeing abuse...More recently,
in a study of 777 homeless parents (the majority of whom were mothers) in
ten U.S. cities, 22% said they had left their last place of residence because
of domestic violence...In addition, 46% of cities surveyed by the U.S. Conference
of Mayors identified domestic violence as a primary cause of homelessness."[25]
HMIS will increase risks to these vulnerable populations. Victims are at
greatest risk of further violence immediately after fleeing an abusive relationship.
Violent family members and others may be able to locate individuals in shelters
through the HMIS database. This can occur through employees who have access
and improperly disclose information, through the broad law enforcement exemptions,
or through database security problems.
HUD has attempted to address this risk by exempting domestic violence shelters
from reporting requirements. This solution does not fully address the risk,
because victims of domestic violence may seek assistance from many different
kinds of CoCs. To fully protect this vulnerable population, identifying information
regarding victims of domestic violence should not reported.
LESS INVASIVE ALTERNATIVES COULD ACCOMPLISH CONGRESS'
GOALS
No Law Has Passed Mandating HMIS, Or Homeless Surveillance on the Level
HUD Has Proposed
HUD has clearly overreacted to Congressional requests to more effectively
enumerate the homeless. No Congressional recommendation cited by HUD in the
Data and Technical Standards Notice calls for homeless tracking at the level
specified by the agency. Furthermore, all Congressional recommendations listed
are derived from conference or committee reports that do not have the effect
of law.
Language excerpted by HUD from the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2003 (Pub.
L. No. 108-7) expresses concern that the agency was "not taking the proper
steps to determine the extent to which HUD's homeless assistance programs
are meeting the needs of chronically homeless people." This section further
states: "Therefore, HUD is directed to begin collecting data on the percentage
and number of beds and supportive services programs that are serving people
who are chronically disabled and/or chronically homeless." [26] This
direction by Congress does not require tracking of individuals at the level
HUD has proposed.
Similarly, other reports urge greater collection of data without an actual
requirement that identity be tracked. For instance, House Report 105-610 stated
that HUD should: "collect, at a minimum, the following data: The unduplicated
count of clients served; client characteristics such as age, race, disability
status, units [days] and type of housing received (shelter, transitional,
permanent); and services rendered. Outcome information such as housing stability,
income, and health status should be collected as well."[27] Again, nothing
in this directive requires HUD to track the homeless as the level specified
in the Data and Technical Standards Notice.
Senate Report 106-410 provides support for a less-invasive alternative that
we have described below. It directs HUD "to continue on an annual basis
to provide a report on a nationally representative sample of jurisdictions
whose local MIS data can be aggregated yearly to document the change in demographics
of homelessness, demand for homeless assistance, to identify patterns in utilization
of assistance, and to demonstrate the effectiveness of assistance.[28] As
we describe in greater detail below, assessing the needs of the homeless based
on a nationally-representative sample will be less privacy-invasive, and less
expensive.
Congress' and HUD's Goals Could be Met With Less Invasive Alternatives
The goal of HMIS is to "accurately describe the scope of the problem
[homelessness] and the effectiveness of efforts to ameliorate it."[29]
HUD could reach this goal through less invasive measures. For instance, the
agency could pursue a "point in time" approach, where a representative
sample of the homeless are surveyed at one time. This would serve the purpose
of achieving an unduplicated count of the chronically homeless and a history
of benefits received, and it would require no collection of personal identifying
information at all. Just as the Census is performed, information from the
data collection could be compared over time to evaluate trends in serving
the poor.
Such an approach will not only be more respectful of privacy, but on balance
will be more effective. Some individuals may not be able to remember all the
services they have received. However, since this is an approach that does
not require the capture and storage of personal information, it will encourage
individuals to be more forthcoming about their situation and past care. In
this case, privacy enables truthfulness and the collection of more accurate
data, as individuals surveyed by a point in time snapshot will can be assured
that their information will not be tracked and linked to their identities
over time. A point in time system is also a more balanced approach to those
who are situationally homeless. It is simply unfair and unbalanced to subject
the situationally homeless to HMIS on the terms that HUD has proposed.
RECOMMENDATIONS
HUD Should Not Mandate HMIS As Proposed
HUD should not mandate a HMIS as proposed in the Federal Register notice.
For reasons explained above, the system is too privacy invasive, exceeds the
Congressional call for an enumeration of the homeless, and less invasive alternatives,
such as a snapshot performed on a nationally-representative sample of the
homeless, could satisfy Congress' goals.
HUD Should Rewrite the Law Enforcement, Secret Security, and National
Security Access Provisions in their Entirety
The examples of misuse of government databases are many. Accordingly, HUD
should exercise great care in fashioning the rules for access to HMIS, which
contains information that could be more sensitive than the arrest and location
information that is stored in many law enforcement databases. Therefore, we
recommend that the law enforcement, Secret Service, and national security
access provisions be rewritten in their entirety. Absent exigent circumstances,
agents of all three interests should have to present a warrant or court order
before gaining access to HMIS information. The HMIS user should minimize the
amount of information given to the agent to the least amount necessary to
accomplish a lawful government goal. Only in rare instances, such as a public
emergency, should the entire database be exposed to law enforcement, Secret
Service, or national security agents. A mere visit by a public official, or
claim of an interest in protecting national security should never justify
access to HMIS data.
When law enforcement, Secret Service, or national security agents do obtain
HMIS information, there should be a record made of the access that includes
the purposes for which the information was transferred, what information was
transferred, and who transferred and received it. The HMIS user should strive
to give notice to the affected data subjects of the access to their personal
information, unless directed not to by a court.
With All Approaches, Stronger Privacy and Security Protections Are Needed
To reiterate, we strongly urge HUD to start anew and to adopt a less privacy
and security threatening approach. The new proposal should adopt stronger
technical and legal protections for personal information in any HMIS system.
This could be achieved through structural and procedural changes to the HMIS
system, including:
Minimization: HMIS should follow a general policy of minimization. For
instance, the system should contain the minimum amount of personal information
necessary to meet legitimate agency or shelter functions. When employees
access HMIS, the system should only display information necessary to effect
a legitimate purpose; the system should not by default display an entire
file. When disclosing HMIS data to law enforcement or others, a user should
disclose the minimum amount of information necessary to meet the recipient's
need.
Access controls: Access to the HMIS should be limited to only employees
who need to obtain personal information. Before access is granted, users
should sign an agreement that explains the sensitivity of the information,
and the duties upon the user to not disclose personal information without
proper procedure. Access controls should be put in place to ensure that
users only obtain information that they are authorized to receive.
Data Retention: Data retention of personally-identifiable information
should be reduced. The current standard of seven years is entirely too long,
and is not tied to any agency or academic finding showing that such a long
period of retention is necessary.
Consent: HUD should ensure that the homeless can meaningfully consent
to this system of data collection and tracking. Under the standard specified
by HUD, the homeless are not fully apprised of the privacy and security
risks present. For meaningful consent, individuals must receive notice of
the system's access, sharing, and data retention policies. Individuals must
also be notified of the law enforcement, Secret Service, and national security
access provisions.
Auditing: All HMIS implementations should contain an audit trail that
prevents users from falsifying or otherwise altering logs of access to personal
information.
Data Quality: To the maximum extent possible, information should be collected
directly from the enrolled individual. Individuals should have a right to
access their personal information, and correct it. Individuals should have
a right to delete their personal information in the system, especially after
they can demonstrate a period of time where they are not receiving benefits.
Domestic Violence: HUD should not require the submission of any identifying
information relating to victims of domestic violence. It is particularly
important that the location of domestic violence victims not be transmitted
to any central server on a real time basis.
Accountability: HMIS users should be held accountable for breaches of
personal privacy.
Respectfully submitted,
Chris Jay Hoofnagle
Associate Director
Electronic Privacy Information Center
1718 Connecticut Ave. NW 200
Washington, DC 20009
202-483-1140 x108
hoofnagle@epic.org
1 Homeless Management Information Services (HMIS) Data and Technical Standards
Notice, "Data and Technical Standards Notice," 68 Fed. Reg. 43,430
(Jul. 22, 2003), available at http://www.hud.gov/offices/cpd/homeless/rulesandregs/fr4848-n-01.pdf/.
2 Id. at 43,438-9.
3 Id. at 43,439-49/
4 Id. at 43,431.
5 Id. at 43,454.
6 Id.
7 Id.
8 Goldberg v. Kelly, 394 U.S. 254 (1970) (receipt of benefits is an entitlement,
protected by due process rights).
9 Homeless Management Information Systems: Implementation Guide ("Implementation
Guide"), Center for Social Policy, John W. McCormack Institute of Public
Affairs, Sept. 2002, at 21, available at http://www.hud.gov/offices/cpd/homeless/hmis/implementation/index.cfm.
10 Implementation Guide, at ii, 1.
11 5 U.S.C. § 552a.
12 Id.
13 Identity Theft Survey Report, Federal Trade Commission, Sept. 2003, http://www.ftc.gov/os/2003/09/synovatereport.pdf.
14 Homeless management Information Systems: An In-Depth Look ("In Depth
Report"), Center for Social Policy, John W. McCormack Institute of Public
Affairs, at 23-30, Jan. 2001, available at http://www.hud.gov/utilities/intercept.cfm?/offices/cpd/homeless/hmis/consumerreport.pdf.
15 Id.
16 Id.
17 Implementation Guide, at 4.
18 In Depth Report, at 23.
19 Id. at 62-69.
20 James Hamilton, Top 10 List of Police Database Abuses, TechTV, June 11,
2002, at http://www.techtv.com/cybercrime/privacy/story/0,23008,3387549,00.html
21 M. L. Elrick, Police say suspended cop abused database, Detective says
he checked on wife before her fatal shooting, Detroit Free Press, Aug. 8,
2001, at http://www.freep.com/news/mich/lein8_20010808.htm.
22 Jeff German, FBI-leaks investigation widens, Law Vegas Sun, Aug. 28, 2001,
at http://www.lasvegassun.com/sunbin/stories/sun/2001/aug/28/512276279.html.
23 FBI stock fraud alleged, Agents allegedly passed confidential information
on investigations to Internet stock analyst, CNN, May 23, 2002, at http://money.cnn.com/2002/05/23/news/fbi_stocktips/.
24 Domestic Violence and Homelessness, NCH Fact Sheet #8, National Coalition
for the Homeless, April 1999, at http://www.nationalhomeless.org/domestic.html.
25 Id. (internal citations omitted).
26 Data and Technical Standards Notice, at 43430.
27 Id. at 43431.
28 Id. at 43431.
29 Implementation Guide at 1.