http://www.divisionx.com/wp/privacy-policy/
From time to time DivisionX, Inc. may ask for and / or you may choose to submit personal data to DivisionX, Inc. in a variety of ways for purposes of identification, billing and marketing. The information we collect (e.g. email address) could identify you personally. We may also use a “Cookie” to track your session. A “Cookie” is a small piece of information sent by a web server to be stored on on a user’s hard drive and is used to identify that user. Cookies help to reduce server processing and minimise the response time of the server. A cookie can not read data on your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies are used to login, identify what items you have entered into your shopping cart, which areas of our site you have visited or customized, and keep so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work.
You agree and accept that this data may be used, stored and processed to improve the operation, administration and development of www.divisionx.com, www.divisionx.co.uk, www.divisionx.net and DivisionX, Inc.; to process orders and improveDivisionX, Inc.’s service, as well as for marketing, advertising and promotional purposes.In particular, you agree that:
DivisionX, Inc. may use the information or parts of it to notify you about DivisionX, Inc. features and/or events or related activities that you may find useful;
From time to time DivisionX, Inc. may share this data with other reputable companies both within and outside the European Union who, together with DivisionX, Inc. or not, may use the information to provide you with notifications and services.
Server Log Files
A server log is automatically created and maintained by a server of activity performed by it. These log files contain the access times, IP address, user agent, cookie, and referrer information. We may use the server logs to examine traffic patterns in order to improve our service.
Disclaimer
We make every effort to preserve your privacy, but we may need to disclose your information when we are required by law to do so, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary and required to comply with a court order or subpoena or other legal process served on DivisionX, Inc.
The DivisionX, Inc. privacy policy only applies to data collected by DivisionX, Inc. Our website contains links to other web sites that may have a different privacy policy compared with ours. You are encouraged to read the privacy policy of every web site to which you plan to submit personal data.
Your Responsibilities
You are responsible for the security of your passwords. You need to ensure that this information is kept safe and is not disclosed to others. No matter what computer or means you use to access your account, remember to always log out when you have finished your session so that others do not have access to your account.
General Data Protection Regulation
If you have an account with us you can login to our systems at any time and update any personal information we hold about you. You can also delete any of your personal information you wish. At any time, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at support@divisionx.com and ask questions, or upon verification, ask that all the data we hold about you be deleted or forwarded to a third party. We specifically delete all personal data of any EU clients who have closed their account with us. If any personal data about you, such as an email address, is crucial to the working of our systems, and you still wish to delete it, then you can achieve this by requesting that your account with us be closed and deleted.
Questions and Requests
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to report abuse please contact us using the contact details provided below. If you do not want DivisionX, Inc. to collect or process your personal data, please do not submit it and if you have or you believe that we have data about you that is incorrect please contact DivisionX, Inc. using contact details on the right of this page and upon verification of the validity of the request the information will be corrected as soon as possible or removed from our database as you request.
Please Visit Us On
Useful
FAQ
Articles
Contact Us
My Account
Services
© 1998- DivisionX, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Legal
Terms of Business
Web Hosting SLA
Privacy Policy
T & C of Use
VPAT
About
About Us
Clients
News
Please Visit Us On
Bookmarks
© 1998- DivisionX, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Scroll to top