http://www.apollohosting.com/legal/
Control Panel
WebMail
FileManager
Login
Verio
Powerful Web Hosting and Domain Names for Home and Business
Click here to chat with a live specialist.
Award Winning Web Hosting
Web Hosting
Products
Domains
About Us
Support
Control Panel
Web Hosting
Windows Hosting
Web Hosting
Domains
SSL Certificates
Microsoft Exchange
Search Marketing
Web Design
Add-Ons & Services
Technology
Contact Us
Log In
WebMail
FileManager
Verio's Terms of Service
User Agreement
All direct Customers of Verio's basic services are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the User Agreement. The User Agreement is a legal contract between Verio and the User that contains the rights, duties and obligations of Verio and the User.
Acceptable Use Policy
Verio's Usage Policy is designed to protect Verio, its Users and others from illegal, malicious, damaging and inappropriate behavior by Users of Verio's services. All users of Verio's services are subject to the Usage Policy. The Usage Policy lists activities that are prohibited on Verio's services, such as hacking and spamming.
Domain Registration Agreement
Verio's Domain Policy requires that all registrants adhere to certain terms and conditions. As an organization or individual applying to register, transfer or renew a domain name.
Domain Registration Reseller Agreement
All resellers that resell our domain registration services are required to adhere to the Domain Registration Reseller Agreement.
Anti-Spam Policy
In our ongoing commitment to providing superior service for our customers, Verio has introduced a new, more vigilant anti-spam policy. We have implemented the following policy as a part of our commitment to reducing spam related activity.
Privacy Notice
Verio's Privacy Notice covers treatment of information that Verio may collect from users of its products and services and from visitors to the Verio site.
Trademark Disputes for Domain Names
Data Request Policy
Microsoft Customer Agreement
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Professional Services Agreement
Report Member Violations
This file was last modified on September 24, 2020.
Hosting Solutions
Web Hosting
Windows Hosting
Domain Registration
Products & Services
Website Management
Domain Services
Email Services
E-Commerce Services
Marketing Services
About Us
Who We Are
Contact Us
Partnership Programs
Customer Tools
Control Panel
WebMail Login
©  Verio. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy
Sitemap
Website Hosting
Do Not Sell My Personal Information