https://www.bissoftware.com/pages/privacy-and-legal
Home
Products
Overview
Essential
Standard
Professional
Enterprise
Industry Solutions
General Contractor
Specialty Contractor
Home Builder
Electrical Contractor
Mechanical Contractor
Bonding Companies
Accountants
Partnerships
About us
Contact Us
Real-Time Construction Accounting Software
Home
Products
Essential
Standard
Professional
Enterprise
Industry Solutions
General Contractor
Specialty Contractor
Home Builder
Electrical Contractor
Mechanical Contractor
Bonding Companies
Accountants
Partnerships
About Us
Contact Us
Referral Rewards
MICS / BIS® Privacy Notice This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.bissoftware.com This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by either of these websites. It will notify you of the following:
The personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
The choices are available to you regarding the use of data related to you.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
The options you have to correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to or can collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, such as, but not limited to, ship an order.
Unless you ask us to not do so, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), the information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration In order to download request information from this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you have concerns about our privacy policy, you may contact us immediately via telephone at  800-838-6427 or email to customercare@bissoftware.com.
Copyright and Trademark Notices
All materials available through this Web site and other Web sites owned or provided by Management Information Control Systems, Inc. (MICS) or any of its affiliated entities, including any products, services, and web content including images, text, and software downloads (“Materials”) are owned by MICS or other owners.Materials are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and all rights in the said Materials are reserved by MICS or respective owners. You may view, copy and print pages from the Web site only for personal use. You may not otherwise use, reproduce, download, modify, store, post, broadcast, transmit, sell or make available to any party any part of the content from the Web site without the prior written approval of MICS.The names of other companies, products, and services are property of their respective owners.
Copyright Notice© 2013 Management Information Control Systems, Inc. and its affiliated entities. All rights reserved.
Trademark NoticeMICS, Inc owns many valuable trademarks that represent MICS as well as its products and services. All references to MICS, BIS, or BIS Software products and services must be accurate and may never mislead in any way. MICS and BIS trademarks may only be used to refer to MICS or to BIS Software products and services.MICS and BIS Software logos are exclusively reserved for use by MICS, BIS Software, its licensees, resellers, and partners under contract with MICS. No other uses of the MICS or BIS logos are permitted.The following products and services, as well as their respective logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of MICS. This list is provided here for reference only and may be changed at any time.
BIS
The BIS Logo
Builder Information System
Drill Down+
Document Link & Imaging
Dynamic Date Query
Interactive Data Analysis
Report Queue
Report Server
Transaction Tracking System
QuestionsFor questions regarding MICS or BIS Software copyrights or trademarks please contact:
Management Information Control System, Inc.7730 Morro Road   Suite 204Atascadero, CA 93422805-543-7000
Other TrademarksThe following trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Adobe Corporation (www.adobe.com)
Acrobat
Acrobat Reader
American Institute of Architects, Inc. (www.aia.org)
AIA
G700
G701
G702
G703
Microsoft Corporation (www.microsoft.com)
Designed for Windows
Excel
Map Point
Rushmore
Visual FoxPro
Windows
Windows 2000
Windows XP
Windows Vista
Windows 2000 Server
Windows 2003 Server
Word
Other trademarks not listed above may be the property of their respective owners.
System Overview
Features
Product Comparison
Testimonials
"We find the program very helpful in running our business and keeping
track of our job costs.  The certified payroll reports save us extensive
time that we had to spend on spreadsheets before."
Diane Norwood, Arcadia Electric, Inc.
READ MORE TESTIMONIALS
RECENT NEWS
MICS announces the release of BIS & Report Server Version 1142.12
BIS Cloud Timecard
MICS, Inc. launches the BIS Forms Division Website
MICS is recognized by CIO Review Magazine
More news...
Home
Products
Partnerships
About Us
Contact Us
Support & Services
For Pricing & More Information
Privacy & Legal
Sitemap
Industry Solutions for:
General Contractor
Specialty Contractor
Home Builder
Electrical Contractor
Mechanical Contractor
Bonding Companies
Accountants
Copyright © 2020, MICS Inc. All Rights Reserved. BIS and the BIS Logo are registered trademarks of MICS, Inc.
QuickBooks®, Crystal Reports®, Excel®, AIA®, Microsoft® and Windows® are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
CPAs and Independent Reviewers consistently rank BIS® as one of the best Construction Accounting Software packages.