https://www.iiug.org/en/about-iiug/terms-of-use/
IIUG
Informix
What is Informix?
Product Offerings
Blogs
Links
IBM Links
Informix Chat with the Lab – Archived
Social Media
News
Insider
Events
Resources
IIUG Software Repository
IIUG Knowledge Library
Community
Informix CSDK download
Informix RFE
Informix Official Licenses
Redbooks
Online Resources
Technical Library
Informix Family
Innovator-C
Timeseries
Warehouse Accelerator
Magazines and Newsletters
Past Conferences
Compare the IBM Informix v.14.10 editions
Informix End of Support Dates
Get Engaged
Local User Groups
International
International Road Shows
Deutsche
Español
Francophone
Português
About IIUG
Bylaws
Board of Directors
Directors’ Awards
IIUG Board Elections 2020
Sponsors
Sponsorship Opportunities
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Informix History
IIUG Banners
Membership Area
Login
Join IIUG
Proprietary Rights Notice and Disclaimer
© Copyright 1995 – 2017,2018 by the International Informix Users Group. All rights reserved.
Unless otherwise noted, this Web Site and its contents are the property of the International Informix Users Group (“I.I.U.G. Inc.”) and are protected, without limitation, pursuant to United States and International copyright and trademark laws.
Certain files, publications and other materials available via this Web site contain claims of proprietary and other rights made by the authors and/or publishers of those materials. The presence of such materials in this archive, or their availability via this Web site, shall in no way be construed to represent any abandonment, assignment or limitation of any such legally valid rights.
IIUG makes no warranties with respect to this Web site or its contents, which are provided for use “as is.” IIUG disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this Web site and any Web site with which it is linked. IIUG also makes no representations or warranties as to whether the information accessible via this Web site, or any Web site with which it is linked, is accurate, complete, or current.
In no event shall IIUG or its employees, agents, suppliers, or contractors be liable for any damages of any kind, including but not limited to any compensatory, incidental, direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of this Web site or any Web site with which it is linked.
“IIUG” and the IIUG logo are trademarks of the International Informix Users Group. Other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Informix ® is a trademark of IBM Corporation or its affilliates and is registered in the U.S. and various jurisdictions around the world. IBM Corporation and its affilliates have no control over, and are not responsible for, and shall not be held liable to any person for anything contained in, or posted on, or downloaded from, this Web site.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *
Email *
Website
Recent Posts
IIUG Insider (Issue #244) November 2020
Replay for the IBM Informix – Containers and Modernization Webinar is now available
Informix and SElinux Part.2
IIUG Insider (Issue #243) October 2020
Replay for the IBM Informix – From GSKit to OpenSSL Webinar is now available
Meet us on Social Networks
Tweets by @iiug
No Widgets
"Secondary" needs some widgets.
Latest Posts
IIUG Insider (Issue #244) November 2020Replay for the IBM Informix – Containers and Modernization Webinar is now availableInformix and SElinux Part.2
Top Categories
Insider (274)
News (72)
Blog (13)
Uncategorized (4)
Recent Updates (3)
Recent Comments
"Very seful but one question,
how to start inform"on Automatize Informix Start/Stop [...]"Replay information is available in the document re"on IIUG and IBM [...]"Can we get the replay if we missed it? I was unabl"on IIUG and IBM [...]
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
PageLines