http://www.skelmir.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This website is used to provide information to our customers and advertise the goods and services of Skelmir, LLC so that you may contact us to explore what we offer. Additionally, we may use the website to collect job applications.
Sales Inquiries
On this website we may request company information. The information you provide us (company name, contact details, and performance and contract requirements) may be used to contact you to discuss your requirements, negotiate terms of agreement, and perform the agreement. If we contact you and believe there is a mutual desire to work together, we will store the data, along with further contact information and contract requirements, so that we can keep track of our communications with you. We will periodically review the data and remove the data if we lose contact with you or you ask us to remove the data. We will not add you to any mailing lists, sell or share your data with third parties, or use your data except to keep a record of our communications.
Employment Applications
Job applications request personal information such name, address, contact details and other personal information. The information you provide is used to contact you to determine your qualifications for the position.  We will store the data entered into a database if we contact you.  This database is a record of our communications with you and the job application process. If we do not contact you, we will not store the data you provided. We will periodically review the data and remove the data if we lose contact with you or you ask us to remove the data. We will not add you to any mailing lists, sell or share your data with third parties, or use your data except to keep a record of our communications and job application process. We may keep contact details, a copy of your CV, and job application test results for several years so that we know if you have applied for employment at Skelmir, LLC in the past.
Visitor Tracking
Google Analytics tools are implemented on this website for the purpose of collecting website visitor metrics data including the number of visitors, referrals, and behavior on this website. Google does not make any personally identifiable information (PII) available to us through the use of Google Analytics. This third party service collects and stores (when possible) your IP address, your browser version, and any keywords you used to find this website. The parameters of the storage of such information (a period of years) is governed and managed by Google. We use the information that Google makes available to us through their services to measure visitor trends and evaluate advertising campaigns.
Questions about this Policy
We have a data protection officer at Skelmir, LLC. Please contact dpo@skelmir.com or call [+1.617.625.1551] with questions, complaints, and data access or removal requests.