http://www.epsilonsys.com/web/public/contact/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
We do
Applied Customer InsightBusiness IntelligenceEnterprise Content ManagementEpsilon ERPFuture IT and CloudInnovationInternet of ThingsOutsourcingSecurityService Oriented Architecture and Enterprise Architecture
We work in
DistributionFinancial ServicesManufacturingRetail
EpsilonSys Lab
Research projectsSandbox Projects
We are EpsilonSys
About EpsilonSys
EPSILONSYS SOFTWARE privacy policy
Without prejudice to any specific conditions, terms and warnings that may be specified in certain areas or forms of this website, through which users may make requests for information or products or services or establish contact with the Company, which in all events will prevail over these general terms, the following sets out the privacy terms applicable to the website of EPSILONSYS SOFTWARE inc (the "Company").
a) Confidentiality
Through the different areas comprising the website, the user may visit, obtain information, use a series of applications or tools, send requests or communications or hire services. All data provided by users will be treated with absolute confidentiality, according to the terms of this policy.
The organizations responsible for the files and those intervening in any phase of the processing and any organizations to which the data may be sent, based on the authorization granted by the user, are subject to the strictest professional secrecy obligations. They expressly undertake to adopt the levels of protection and the necessary
technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of the personal data and to avoid any alteration, misuse, loss, theft, unauthorized access or treatment thereof, both externally and within the company itself and staff, taking into account the state of the technology, the nature of the data stored and the risks to which it is exposed resulting from human action or from the physical or natural environment. Likewise they guarantee that processing and recording of this data in files, programs, systems, equipment, premises and centers that comply with the requirements and terms and conditions of integrity and security established in the regulations in effect at all times.
This notwithstanding, the user should be aware and is expressly warned that security measures on the Internet are not infallible.
b) Browsing
Simply browsing the Company's website is free of charge and does not require the user to register in advance, however it implies acceptation on the part of the user of the terms and conditions applicable to this website.
The user is expressly advised that the Company's website uses cookies. These cookies are small data files generated in the user's computer which are associated exclusively to an anonymous user. The cookies used cannot read data from the hard disk or cookie files created by other suppliers. The cookies enable recognition of the users only when they have been registered so that they do not have to register each time they visit or access areas or services that are reserved exclusively for them. They also provide information on the date and time of the last visit the user made to the website and the content selected in browsing. The user has the possibility of setting up their browser to be warned about receiving cookies on their hard disk. To do this, they should check the instructions and manuals of their browser to obtain further information.
The Company may store and make use of the IP addresses of users of this website in order to analyze trends, administer the website and monitor the use of the entire website. The Company does not associate IP addresses with personally identifiable information.
Similarly, this website uses Google Analytics, an analytical Web service provided by Google, Inc., a Delaware company with registered offices at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, USA ("hereinafter Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files installed on your computer to help the website analyze the use that you make of the website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be directly transmitted to and filed by Google in servers in the United States. Google has declared it will use this information on our behalf in order to monitor your use of the website, compiling website activity reports and offering other services related with the activity of the website and use of the Internet. Google may transmit this information to third parties when so required by legislation, or when third parties process information on behalf of Google. Google has declared it will not associate your IP address with any other data that it has. You may reject the processing of data or information by rejecting the cookies, using the corresponding configuration in your Internet browser; however, this may affect the full functionality of the website. By using the website you are giving your consent to the processing of information about yourself by Google in the way and for the purposes described above.
c) Personal data processing
When users are asked to register their personal data so as to provide them with access, use of the system and tools, request any product or service or for contact with the users over the Company's website, they are informed expressly that this data, along with that which in due course arises from the performance of the service, are necessary for the development of such contact and the management of any future services and products that are requested, and that they will be incorporated in the files created for this purpose by the Company. Responses to questions about personal data that are marked with an asterisk (*) are obligatory and if they are not provided access will not be given to the requested service.
Entry and recording of personal data by the user entails accepting and expressly authorizing the Company to collect and incorporate said personal data in the respective files and process them, and for the data to be kept during the periods of time foreseen in the applicable provisions, including the transfer of such data to organizations that may purchase part or all of the assets of the company or a successors in title to the same, under the same terms as set out herein. This is without prejudice to any eventual notice that may be sent to users in relation to this transfer.
In addition, the user is notified that the recording of the personal data provided at the time of requesting, subscribing or contracting products or services or any other service provided in association therewith also entails their voluntary acceptance of the Company's processing said personal data so that the data may be segmented or categorized for keeping the user informed and for being able to send them, by email or equivalent means, information, offers, promotions or commercial communications in general about products and services, for drawing up profiles or for analyzing proposals requested by the user.
User authorization to process personal data as indicated in the above sections is voluntary. In the terms established in the regulations on data protection in force at all times, the user may revoke the authorization granted herein for processing the data.
Except as mentioned, this data is and will not be transferred to third parties. The Company does not sell or transfer to third parties any lists with personal data or data of any other type, nor does it obtain any income from third parties in relation to data collected through this website.
In any case, the user may exercise their right to access, rectify, oppose and cancel by addressing in writing the organization in charge of the files, which is EPSILONSYS SOFTWARE, inc.
by email to privacy@epsilonsys.com
Finally, the user is notified that the Company's web pages may facilitate access through links to various websites corresponding to organizations, companies, institutions and agencies other than the Company itself. The Company does not take part in and is not liable in respect of any processing of the user's personal data on said websites.
© 2009 EPSILONSYS SOFTWARE, inc. All rights reserved.