http://www.voicetechnologies.co.uk/legal
Keeping you updated – Voice Technologies is operating as usual. Click here for more information
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Read our privacy policy for information about what we do with data and how to manage cookies.
Accept and close
Download the file
Voice Technologies sends offers, news and product and service updates by email to its customers and to people who opt in to our mailing list by giving us their email address. We treat everyone’s details with the utmost care and never share them with other companies for marketing or any other purposes. You can ask us to update your preferences or remove your details at any time. For more information see our Privacy Policy.
Yes please, email me news and offers.
No thanks, I don't want to receive emails about news and offers.
Legal
Voice Technologies Limited
Registered office: 10 Shuttle Street, Paisley, PA1 1YD, UK
Registered Company number SC066712
Terms and Conditions
By browsing this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use which, together with our privacy policy, govern Voice Technologies Ltd's relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors, and any consequences there of.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the Laws of Scotland.Copyright Notice
This website and its contents are the copyright of Voice Technologies Ltd. unless otherwise stated. All rights are reserved by Voice Technologies Ltd.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download the content for your personal and non-commercial use only.You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you first acknowledge the website as the source of the material.