http://www.foolproof.co.uk/cookies-and-privacy/
Cookies & Privacy | Foolproof
FoolproofDirects users back to the home page
Menu Contact FoolproofDirects users to the contact page
Contact
HomeArrow right Home First things first AboutArrow right About How we work and what makes us tick ServicesArrow right Services Our capabilities and examples of the work we do JournalArrow right Journal Our thoughts on design, technology and business
PeopleArrow right People Find out about who works here and how to join us ContactArrow right Contact The place for briefs, job apps and enquiries
Cookies & Privacy How Foolproof handles, stores and uses your personal information and how to gain access to it.
Quick links
Using your information
Visitors to our websites
Using our contact form
Use of cookies
Mailing list
Security and performance
Contact via social media
People who email us
People who use our services
Job applicants
Your rights
Complaints or queries
Access to personal information
Disclosure of personal information
Links to other websites
Changes to this statement
How to contact us
Using your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect Foolproof to do with your personal information when you make contact with us or use one of our services. It applies to information we collect about:visitors to our websites
people who use our services
job applicants and contractors
Visitors to our websitesWhen someone visits one of our websites, we use third party services including:Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things like the number of visitors our blog attracts or to measure the engagement our contact form receives. We analyse this data to see how we can improve the user experience.Hotjar, to record visitor behaviour, take feedback, run polls, and make improvements on our website. Hotjar uses cookies to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of our site. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.If we do want to collect personally identifiable data through our website, we will make this explicit. For example, when offering the ability to actively give consent - via two factor authentication - to be part of our Foolproof newsletter. This is powered by MailChimp a third party provider. As an experience design agency, we value transparency. As such we will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Using our contact formWe track information submitted to our contact forms, 'General inquiries', 'New Business' and 'Careers' - this information is served to the relevant parties in each department via Office365. Information submitted to us via the form is not supplied to third party organisations. We only use this information to answer your inquiry in line with the intention it was provided.
Use of cookies
Our site uses cookies for three things:To allow us to use measurement and analytics tools to find out how people are using the site so that we can monitor and improve the experience we provide
To deliver a personalised experience based on whether they are visiting for the first time or as a returning visitor
To provide seamless experience where we link to, or from, third party sites (like YouTube or Twitter)
We don’t put any information into cookies which is personal to you, or which would allow anyone else to identify you. Our cookies are harmless and useful, but if you really don’t want them you can turn them off using the controls in your web browser:Firefox: Enabling and disabling Cookies
Safari: Managing Cookies
Chrome: How do I turn off Cookies?
Opera: Security & privacy
Mailing listWe use the mailing list to send new articles and cases studies that we’ve published, to publicise events we’re putting on and to share new propositions. We don’t sell your data to anyone.
Security and performanceWe use a third party service to help maintain the security and performance of the website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the website.
People who contact us via social media
If you send us a private or direct message via any of our social channels the message will be stored for 14 months. It will not be shared with any other organisations but we may use it to modify our services to benefit you.
People who email us
We use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit.As much as we enjoy hearing from prospective clients, future Foolproofers and the experience design community, we monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.
People who use our services
Foolproof is a specialist experience design agency which offers various services to its clients. We have to hold the details of the people who have requested our service in order to provide it. However, we only use these details to provide the service requested and not for any other purpose.
Job applicants for permanent and contract roles
Foolproof is the data controller for the information you provide during the process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information, please contact us at careers@foolproof.co.uk.We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for. We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than 2 years.
Your rights
Under data protection law, you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for processing your information. You can read more about these rights here.
Complaints or queries
This privacy notice was created following the guidelines of the ICO. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation where needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.If you have a query or complaint regarding data usage by our UK offices, please contact our DPO: dataprotection@foolproof.co.uk.If you have a query or complaint specifically regarding data usage by our Singapore office, please contact our DPO: dpo@foolproof.com.sg.
Access to personal information
Foolproof is transparent about the data we hold. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under data protection law. If we do hold information about you we will tell you:Why we are using your data
What type/types of data we are using
How long your data will be kept
Information if we are going to transfer your data to third parties, including their names and the reasons for the transfer
Information if we are going to transfer the data overseas, including the country involved and what will be done with the data
Your information rights
Where the data is from
If we are using the data in profiling
To make a request for any personal information we may hold you need to direct the request in writing addressing it to dataprotection@foolproof.co.uk or mail it to the address provided below.If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes or delete it, by contacting dataprotection@foolproof.co.uk.
Disclosure of personal information
Foolproof will not disclose personal data without active consent from the individual in question, unless we are legally obliged to do so.
Links to other websitesThis privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this statementFoolproof Ltd will occasionally update this statement of Privacy to reflect customer feedback or any changes to the law. Foolproof Ltd encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Foolproof Ltd is protecting your information.
How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us (dataprotection@foolproof.co.uk) or write to:Data Protection Foolproof 45 Folgate Street London E1 6GL
Home
About
Services
Journal
People
Contact
twitterDirects user to our twitter page
instagramDirects user to our instagram page
linkedinDirects user to our linkedin page
facebookDirects user to our facebook page
youtubeDirects user to our youtube page
codepenDirects user to our codepen page
dribbbleDirects user to our dribbble page
mediumDirects user to our medium page
Infinity CRO
Tailored Services
Cookies & Privacy
Accessibility
Device Lab
Careers
Site Map
© Foolproof, a Zensar company.Foolproof is a trademark of Foolproof Limited
© Foolproof, a Zensar company.Foolproof is a trademark of Foolproof Limited