https://www.1099pro.com/privacy.asp
1099 Pro, Inc. Consumer Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to 1099 Pro, Inc. Our Company Policy is NOT to sell your personal data and to keep your personal information confidential.
By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the 1099 Pro, Inc. Consumer Privacy Policy, we can
provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your
contact information.
Why we collect contact information
1099 Pro, Inc. collects and uses your contact information to give you superior customer
service, to provide you with convenient access to our products and services, and to make a wider range available
to you. In addition, we use your contact information to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software
updates, IRS compliance regulations, special offers, and other information we think you’d like to hear about. From
time to time, we may also use your contact information to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so
that we can gauge customer satisfaction and develop better products.
How we collect contact information
We collect information about you in several ways. For example, we might ask for your contact
information when you correspond with us, call us to make a purchase, call for technical support, register to attend a
seminar, or participate in an online survey.
Additionally, when you shop at our website for Software, Service Bureau Filing Services, and
Forms, we collect information about your visit. We collect your IP address and we log the length of time of your visit
and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We assign you a unique internal identifier to help keep track of
your future visits and purchases. We use this information to gather demographic information about our visitors, and we use
it to personalize the information you see on our website and the emails you receive from us (should you grant us
permission to send to you). We keep this information for our internal use only; we do not share it with others.
If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial
information (such as your credit card numbers for purchases). Contact information from the order form (email address,
name, billing and shipping address) is used to send orders and information about our company to you. Your contact
information is also used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to
notify you of the status of your order. The financial information we collect is used ONLY to bill you for products you purchase.
How does 1099 Pro, Inc. use cookies?
We use "cookies" to help create a more effective and convenient site experience. By showing
us how and when visitors use the site, "cookies" help us determine which areas are popular and which are not. Many
improvements and updates to the site are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. 1099pro.com
does not store any sensitive information in the cookie. We use cookies to store a session identifier that allows us to
remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart as you shop. Our website requires the use of cookies. Turning
off cookies or rejecting the 1099Pro.com cookie will prevent you from accessing the website.
Legal Compliance
1099 Pro, Inc. is subject to both Federal and State Consumer Protection Laws, which include but are not but not limited to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX),
the FTC Consumer Protection Act, the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), the NYS Shield Act, the Massachusetts Data Protection Law among others. As we are subject to these regulations
by law we do not sign additional documentation or amendments that we are subject to any particular Federal or State law(s). Under many of these and other laws the consumer has the right to
request that we delete all of their personal information we are sometimes prevented from doing so by certain legal obligations and document retentions obligations imposed at both Federal,
State and Local Jurisdictions.
When we disclose contact information
1099 Pro, Inc. works with other companies that help us provide 1099 Pro, Inc. products and services
to you, and we may provide your contact information to these companies.
We have several types of third-party relationships.
We use third-party intermediaries. When you purchase from us, we send your credit card information, name,
and billing address to credit card companies for verification and to authorize your purchase. We give
your name and shipping information to third-party shippers who use this information to deliver your
purchase. The information they receive is for shipping and delivery purposes only, and we require that
the companies safeguard your contact information in accordance with 1099 Pro, Inc.'s policies.
We may occasionally run our own online surveys and we ask visitors for contact information (such as email
address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys
to send users information about our company. This information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. The
demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site. Users always have the
option to opt-out of receiving future mailings.
At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your contact information. We may also disclose
information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary for the public interest.
How we protect your contact information
1099 Pro, Inc. safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic,
and managerial procedures including every 1099 Pro employee signing a confidentiality agreement. We urge you to
take every precaution to protect your contact data when you are on the Internet.
The 1099 Pro, Inc. Store uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption
on all web pages where contact information is required. To make purchases from the 1099 Pro, Inc. Store, you
must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Netscape Navigator 3.0 or later, or Internet Explorer. This protects
the confidentiality of your contact and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. 1099 Pro, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such linked Web sites.
How We Notify You of Changes to our Privacy Policy
Whenever we change our privacy policy, we will post a notice on our website indicating
that a new version is available.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Click here to email Webmaster
1099 Pro, Inc.
23901 Calabasas Road, Suite 2080
Calabasas, CA 91302-4104