http://www.frameworkmedia.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Animation Company Website Privacy Policy
About
Services
3D Animation Services
Technical Animation
Product Animation
Forensic Animation
Explainer Videos
Technical Illustration
Interactive Content
Portfolio
Contact
Blog
Home
Privacy
Client Login
Privacy Policy
Framework Media takes your privacy seriously, and appreciates that you may share with us your basic personal information, typically to contact you with the goal of providing services you have requested from us. We also use cookies and other technology to facilitate use of this website. It is important to know how we might use your personal data, and we encourage you to read this privacy policy below.
Collection of Personal Information
We may ask you to provide personal information, such as your name, email address, and/or phone number, as part of our contact form on our contact page. We use this information to create a record of the contact request, and to reply either manually or with an automatically generated reply. This information is retained for follow-up communication as needed, to maintain appropriate business records, and to comply with lawful requests by public authorities as required by law.
Information Sharing
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may disclose your personal information to third-party providers who perform services on our behalf, such as handling the processing of payments, hosting this website, and to fulfill services or contracts. Your information will be stored in the United States and the associated countries where our third-party providers are located.
Website Tracking Technologies
We use images, cookies, scripts, log files and other tracking technologies to facilitate website use. For example, we typically track overall website activity, including what pages were visited and the operating system, screen resolution, and IP address of devices being used to access those pages. Tracking can also include third-party services, such as Google Analytics. Third-party scripts and content are also used to display website content, and pages may include assets from content distribution networks such as Cloudflare.
Information Retention
We keep your personal data for historical records. If at any point you would like to view this information, make corrections, or remove this information, you can send us a request via mail or email.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We protect your information using technical measures, to prevent unauthorized access. We use tools like SSL encryption to securely transmit your information from your device to our website. Unfortunately no measure or transmission technology is perfectly secure, so we cannot guarantee complete security.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to other, third-party websites. We cannot take responsibility for your use of these sites. Please review the specific privacy policies associated with these sites to make an informed decision about sharing your information.
Notification of Privacy Notice Changes
We may update this privacy policy to represent our information practices, or as those practices change, at any time and from time to time. Please periodically review this page for the latest information.
Contact Information
Please feel free to contact us regarding this privacy policy by writing or emailing us at the address below:
Framework Media, Inc.7 Welsh Road, Sutton, MA 01590[ info AT frameworkmedia DOT com ]