http://www.bitvise.com/terms-of-use
ProductsDownloadPurchaseContactMy Licenses
HomeTerms of use
About SSH
Security
Screenshots
Customers
Specifications
Getting startedInstall SSH Server
Change port number
Install SSH Client
Connect first time
Windows accounts
Virtual accounts
Configure SFTP / SCP
Configure Git access
Open to internet access
Public key: Bitvise
Harden SSH Server
SSH ServerVersion history
Pricing
License
DownloadWRC
Notifications
HelpUsers' GuideInstalling
Upgrading
Starting
Connecting
Config for SFTP
FTPS compatibility
Securing
Host keys
Backup
Opening
Groups, accounts
Architecture
Windows domains
AD permissions
Network shares
Logon type
Public keys
Tunneling
Sync & clusters
Environment
Scripted config
Advanced
Log parsing
Utilities
Printable docs
Usage FAQ
Public keys in SSH
Upgrading DSA
Internet explained
SSH ClientVersion history
License
Download
Notifications
Portable
The 'log' utility
HelpInternet explained
Public keys in SSH
Upgrading DSA
Port forwarding guide
SSH web browsing
Git with sexec
Authentication agents
X11 forwarding
Tunnel Remote Desktop
FTP bridge
Tunnel WinVNC
SSH client as service
Unattended use
FlowSsh libraryVersion history
Notifications
Documentation
DownloadSSH Server
SSH Client
WRC
Verify installers
Uninstalling
PurchaseSupport and upgrades
Large scale
Reseller list
Reseller policy
CompanyAbout us
Work at Bitvise
Contact
Terms of use
Last updated: June 13, 2018
This website ("Site") is published by Bitvise Limited, a Texas corporation with principal address at 4105 Lombardy Ct, Colleyville, TX 76034, USA ("we", "Bitvise").
Bitvise makes this Site available to visitors ("you", "user") conditional on your agreement with, and acceptance of, these terms ("Terms"). We do not permit use of this Site against these Terms.
These Terms control access to this Site only. This Site may provide access to services and products, which are made available under separate terms. See the following pages for Bitvise SSH Client and SSH Server license terms:
Bitvise SSH Client License Terms
Bitvise SSH Server License Terms
Intellectual property
This Site contains material protected by copyright, trade names and marks, and other proprietary information ("Content"). The Content is protected by applicable local, national, and international intellectual property law.
Except as otherwise noted, Bitvise owns all intellectual property rights that apply to Content, works created during the creation of Content, and derivatives of Content. Content may reference trade names and trade marks which may be owned by a third party.
Permitted use
You may use this Site and its Content in ways that are of use to you, except:
You may not copy, alter, create derivative works, reverse engineer, or reverse assemble the Site or its Content without Bitvise's explicit, written authorization.
You may not access this Site in ways that can be reasonably expected to adversely affect its performance, function, or infrastructure, or to harm another person or entity.
You may not interfere with the ability of Bitvise to access and maintain this Site, or with the ability of other visitors to access and use this Site or Bitvise's services and products.
Any unauthorized use of this site could violate local, national, or international laws that control your remote access to computer systems or use of intellectual property.
NO WARRANTY OR LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this Site is available on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis, without warranty or condition of any kind. Bitvise disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to your use of this Site and any resources herein, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Bitvise makes no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information and resources contained on the Site, or available through it, for any purpose.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances shall Bitvise; or any of its agents, employees, or contractors; be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of, or in any way connected with your access to, or use of, or inability to use this Site; or any material or other website you access through a link on this Site; or any incorrect or inaccurate information on this Site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this Site; whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise; and even if Bitvise has been advised of the possibility of damages.
To the extent that applicable law does not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some of the foregoing exclusions may not apply to you. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing exclusions and limitations shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law.
Compliance with safety standards
Where Bitvise promotes Bitvise products as facilitating functional safety or as compliant with industry functional safety standards, such Bitvise products are intended to help enable customers implement solutions and set up usage scenarios that meet applicable functional safety standards and requirements. Using Bitvise products in a solution or scenario does not by itself establish any safety features in the solution or scenario. You must ensure compliance with safety-related requirements and standards applicable to your usage.
Limitations of technical advice
Bitvise may provide you with technical advice or other services. Bitvise assumes no liability and makes no representations or warranties regarding such services or advice. You are solely responsible for your solutions and usage scenarios, including those using Bitvise products. To minimize risks associated with your solutions and usage scenarios, you should apply adequate safeguards.
Data and privacy
Bitvise is committed to a business plan that generates revenue through sales of products and services, and not by monetizing information about users. We will not make user information available to third parties, except as reasonable to meet the goals of operating our website, licensing our software, complying with law, and providing services. For more information, see our Privacy policy.
Miscellaneous
Choice of law: These Terms are governed by and construed by the laws of the State of Texas in the United States, not including its choice of law rules.
Venue: You agree that any disputes between Bitvise and you concerning these Terms may only be brought exclusively in a US federal or state court sitting in the State of Texas. You consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such court.
No waiver: Any failure by Bitvise to enforce a right arising from these Terms of use does not result in waiver of such right.
Severability: If any provision or term of these Terms shall become or be declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, such term or provision shall be divisible from the other terms and conditions and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Changes: Bitvise may update these Terms at any time, and without prior notice. We request that you periodically review this page for the latest Terms. Your continued use of this Site after we post modifications of these Terms will constitute your acknowledgment of such modifications, and your consent to abide by, and be bound by the modified Terms.
About UsClick to learn more about our company and its people.
About SSH
What is SSH?
Screenshots
Security
Terms of use | Privacy policy
This website is Copyright (C) 2001-2020 by Bitvise Limited. All rights reserved.
Unauthorized copying or distribution of any part or whole is prohibited.