https://www.tectite.com/privacy.php?WWWTECTITE=p8ci1rvp7bp36jnpnct103e533
Home
Products
FormMail
FormMail Wizards
Form Encryption
Hosted Forms
Documentation
FormMail
Getting Started
Creating HTML Forms
Configuration Reference
How-To Guides
Buttons
FAQs
Anti-Spam Design
Security History
About "Server Abuse"
GeoIP for FormMail
Version History
Tutorials
Link to Us!
Server security
Support
Getting Help
FAQs
Forums
About
About Us
Useful Links
Privacy Policy
Tribute to Dennis Ritchie
Contact
Contacting Us
Feedback Form
Send Us a Secret
Contact Form Processing Products - for all your needs
FormMail • Form Encryption • Hosted Forms
Our Privacy Policy
We consider your privacy to be of paramount importance.
Your contact details are safe with us
We don't pester you
Very occasionally, we may send you some information about our products
or a partner's product or about special offers. As at June 2018, this has
happened way less than once a year.
Update notices
Some of our products (in particular, FormMail) regularly check our server
for updates. When a newer version is found, it will attempt to email you regarding the
new version.
Note that in the case of FormMail, it is your server sending you email - we
have no involvement in the process.
These update checks are entirely automated, and we have no direct control over
them. We also don't receive any information about who is performing an update
check (other than our normal web server logs).
You can switch off these update
checks.
We don't like spam and we actively fight spammers!  We
will never give
your contact details to anyone else.
We do not share our customer lists or user lists with anyone.
We oppose spam!
We don't purchase lists of email addresses, and we don't use automated bulk-mail
software programs.
Our free FormMail
product actively fights spam on the Internet.
Your privacy and our forums
Our forums are specifically
setup to prevent other users from accessing your email address.
Our forums are now in readonly mode, and we have disabled all email functions in the forums.
If you don't want us to contact you...
Website cookies
Our main site uses cookies as part of its PHP session processing. These cookies allow
it to keep track of some activities to assist you in navigating our site.
For example, when you search our site, the PHP session (identified by a cookie in
your browser) remembers what you searched for so it can highlight these items
on the pages you visit.
Our forums also use cookies to automatically log you in when you visit next
time.
None of the cookies store personally-identifiable information
about you. None of our cookies are shared with other sites, except as noted
below.
Advertising cookies
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit some
parts of our website. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and
other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of
interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
In most cases where we display ads, we use Google ads:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our
site.
Google's use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads based on your
visits to our site and to other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google advertising policy.
with questions or comments about this web site |
about our products
By using our software or services you are agreeing to our standard
Terms and Conditions.
Copyright © 1999-2020
Open Concepts (Vic) Pty Limited (ABN 12 130 429 248). All rights reserved.
We use dedicated servers from HiVelocity.net.
Page modified: 29 November 2020 GMT.
Tweet