http://www.vailsys.com/privacy
vail_logo
Solutions Our Company Careers Contact log in
Solutions Our Company Careers Contact log in
Privacy Policy This privacy statement covers the site www.vailsys.com Because Vail Systems, Inc. wants to demonstrate its commitment to its users' privacy; Vail Systems, Inc. is disclosing its information gathering practices.
What personally identifiable information Vail Systems, Inc. collects. How Vail Systems, Inc. uses the information. With whom Vail Systems, Inc. may share user information. What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Vail Systems, Inc. control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should send an email to support@vailsys.com with "Privacy Policy Inquiry" in the subject line. Vail Systems, Inc. covers only information that is collected through this website, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site. Information Collection Vail Systems, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on www.vailsys.com. Vail Systems, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Registration In order to use portions of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest and also we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. Profile We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our website. We do not share your profile with other third parties.
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. See the "Profile" section.
Log Files Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Special Offers and Updates We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members may occasionally receive information on products, services, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Newsletters If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Service Announcements On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. Users may opt-out of these communications. Please see our Choice and Opt-out section.
Customer Service We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
We DO NOT Share Personal Information with Third Parties.
Business Transitions In the event Vail Systems, Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Opt Out Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications via email may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on a provided link in the email.
Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Vail Systems, Inc. , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just "surfing".
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees are encouraged to use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every six months, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
If users have any questions about the security at our website, users can send an email to support@vailsys.com with "Website Security Inquiry" in the subject line.
Editing User Information A user can accomplish this by editing her myAccount page after logging into Vail's client extranet, myVail, or by emailing Client Services at support@vailsys.com.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.