https://www.dnmgroup.com/our-privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
DNM respects your right to privacy. We do not collect or store personal information when you visit our website www.dnmgroup.comThis Cookie Policy outlines our policy concerning the use of cookies and similar technologies.We may update our Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect any changes in technology or legislation, or our data-use policies, which may affect the way in which cookies and similar technologies are used by us and how you, as a user, can manage them.What are cookies and how do we use them?Cookies are small text files placed in your computer, tablet, mobile or other device. We use cookies to collect non-identifiable data to generate aggregated data reports, which help us to improve our website, user experience and content.How to manage or disable cookiesMore information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found here .Your device or browser may also enable you to control the collection of your data. Check your device or browser instructions for more information in this respect.What we do when you submit your email addressIf you volunteer personal information in an email or in the form of an enquiry via our contact form, the data will not be made available to any third party and will be used solely for the purpose for which it was intended.We do not use your email address to automatically sign you up for marketing or promotional materials or store it on any list or database.The cookies we useGoogle AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. This service uses cookies to help DNM analyse how visitors use and access its website. The information generated about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our websites, compiling reports on website activity for www.dnmgroup.com, and providing other services relating to our website activity and internet usage.For an added level of user privacy, we have enabled IP address anonymisation. With this enabled, Google Analytics anonymises the address as soon as technically feasible at the earliest possible stage of the collection network. This system has been designed to avoid storage of a full IP address.You can find out how Google uses information from sites that use Google Analytics here. Further information on Google Analytics, including how to opt out, is available via the Google Analytics Help Centre.Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.By using this website and allowing cookies to remain enabled, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.Other third-party cookiesSome cookies etc on our websites are not related to www.dnmgroup.com. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube, or social media widgets such as the Twitter share button, these service providers may use their own cookies.We do not control the use of these cookies as they can only be accessed by the party that originally set them. You should check the third-party websites for more information about these cookies.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this privacy statement or the security practices of this site, please email info@dnmgroup.com or submit your query in writing to DNM, Penthouse Suite, Block C, Cashel Business Centre, Cashel Road, Dublin 12, Ireland. Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
On the 2nd June, DNR Technologies Solutions Ltd. was acquired by Deloitte Technology Holdings Limited.
Deloitte Ireland LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in Northern Ireland with registered number NC1499 and its registered office at 19 Bedford Street, Belfast BT2 7EJ, Northern Ireland.
Deloitte Ireland LLP is the Ireland affiliate of Deloitte NSE LLP, a member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (“DTTL”). DTTL and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL and Deloitte NSE LLP do not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more about our global network of member firms. © 2020 Deloitte Ireland LLP. All rights reserved.
Get In Touch
Name Email Phone Message
Send Message
A new chapter for DNM! We are delighted to announce that as of Tuesday June 2nd, DNM has been acquired by Deloitte! It’s an exciting new chapter for our whole team and the highest compliment in acknowledging the extraordinary skill and dedication of our people.
By joining the Deloitte team, it provides us with the opportunity to strengthen and scale the cloud solutions we bring to our customers. Our mission still remains the same, enabling our customers to see clearer using innovative solutions and empowering them to act smarter - all with the aim of making an impact that matters for our customers, our people, and our society. With the combination of our deep Cloud expertise and Deloitte’s trusted business acumen and extensive technology services, we will be able to support our customers in determining how best they can drive transformation in their businesses. To view the full range of the cloud solutions we provide in Deloitte, please visit here.
Our website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them.I acceptPrivacy policy