http://www.rave.net/privacy-policy/
800-966-7283
7171 Sterling Ponds Court | Sterling Heights, MI 48312
Press enter to begin your search
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Your privacy is important to RAVE® .  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that RAVE collects, and the ways in which RAVE uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
RAVE may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website (including DNS origin, and history metrics);
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including personal and work information);
information about transactions carried out over this website (including Google Analytics and ACT-ON tracking);
any other information that you send to RAVE
Using personal information
RAVE may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you, products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Where RAVE discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, RAVE may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
RAVE will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
RAVE will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that RAVE collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which RAVE operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
RAVE may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
RAVE is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or RAVE’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
email: info@rave.com
mail: 7171 Sterling Ponds Court, Sterling Heights, MI 48312
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.contractology.com.
Expertise: Embedded/OEM
Training & Simulation
Federal Intelligence
Modeling, Simulation & Visualization
High Performance Computing
Virtualization
Rugged
Products: Workstations
Servers & Storage
Portable
Services: Services
Support
Contact RAVE: RAVE Computer
7171 Sterling Ponds Court
Sterling Heights, MI 48312
phone: 800-966-7283
email: info@rave.com
Privacy Policy
© 2020 RAVE Computer.
Home
Expertise
Embedded & OEM
Training & Simulation
Federal Intelligence
Modeling, Simulation & Visualization
High Performance Computing
Virtualization
Rugged
Products
Workstations
Servers & Storage
Portable
Services
Our Services
Support
About Us
The RAVE Advantage
Leadership Team
Sales Team
Awards & Certification
Media
RAVE Newsletter Archive
Technology Partners
Intel
NVIDIA
NVIDIA RWWN
PNY
Varjo
Events
Contact
Contact RAVE Computer
Careers
800-966-7283
7171 Sterling Ponds Court | Sterling Heights, MI 48312