http://www.funtonia.com/terms.asp
HelpHow Does It WorkContact Us
Login:
Password:
Sign up |
Lost password?
Sound effects
Science Fiction
Fun Sounds
Cell Phone Wallpapers
Ringtones
Top 10 Ringtones
Wallpapers
1.0 General Information
Funtonia.com (the "Site" or "Service") is a mobile phone enhancement service belongs to Mobile Services Limited company. Use of this Service
depends on your acceptance of these terms, conditions, and notices in their entirety and indicates
your agreement to them. Funtonia reserves the right to modify this agreement at any time. Any modifications
will be effective as soon as they are posted on the Service. It is your responsibility to review these
terms and conditions occasionally for modifications.
2.0 Privacy Policy
2.1 Credit card details will be handled securely to ensure confidentiality. Funtonia transfers the
amount you indicate but never passes along your full credit card information. Such credit card information
is kept strictly confidential, just between you and Funtonia.
2.2 SSL encryption is employed to ensure sensitive data is protected.
2.3. Personal information collected from you during registration may be used by us for the purpose
of marketing, research and to keep you informed of products and/or services that may be of interest to you.
3.0 Usage
3.1 You retain responsibility and risk for using this Service. Funtonia does not offer any warranties,
representations or endorsements with regard to the Service, its merchants, information, or the products
offered on this Site.
3.2 You may not use the Site or Service for any unlawful purpose or any reason prohibited by these terms
and conditions. Funtonia reserves the right to disclose any information Funtonia deems necessary to
satisfy laws, regulation, legal process or governmental requests, or to change any information published
on the Site, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion.
3.3 The Site/Service is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute,
transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell
any information, products or services obtained from the Site.
3.4 This Service may contain links to third party Web sites. Funtonia is not responsible for the contents
of any of these sites and provides them only as a convenience, and without endorsement. It is your
responsibility to view the privacy statements and terms of use at these sites. Any transactions conducted
with such third parties (including advertisers) take place solely between you and that party, and Funtonia
shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such a transaction.
3.5 Funtonia permits you, the purchaser, a revocable personal, non-transferable license to use the purchased
ringtone or graphic logo in accordance with these Terms, and for no other purpose. You undertake to maintain
all copyright and other proprietary notices. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Product(s) provided
on this Site is prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
3.6 Funtonia reserves the right to terminate your access to the Site/Service at any time, without notice.
4.0 Price, Delivery and Support
4.1 A customer paying by credit card warrants that he/she is the cardholder or has the permission of the
cardholder and that the billing information provided is accurate. Funtonia does not issue refunds claimed
because of inaccuracies represented by the purchaser. By approving the purchase of the product, you
authorize Funtonia to charge the Card for the purchase.
4.2 To purchase a membership, you must complete the registration process by providing all the information
requested. Price: most Recommend! $17.94 for our six-months subscription of unlimited downloads to three
individual phone numbers! - And $14.97 for three-month subscription of unlimited downloads to a single
phone number in one time charge. We do not charge per month or per ringtone.
There will be no rebilling. You will have to make the
act of renew by your self - This will not be an automatic action by Funtonia Team.
You are
responsible for all activities that occur in your account and agree to notify Funtonia
immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or other breach of security. Funtonia is not liable
for any loss that you may incur because of someone else using your password or account, either with or
without your knowledge. You may hold liable for losses incurred by Funtonia or another party caused by
someone else using your account or password. Membership is not transferable, and your account may not
use by anyone other than the account holder. Any distribution by you of your account name and password
may result in cancellation of your subscription without refund and in additional charges based upon
unauthorized use.
4.3 Delivery of Products made directly to your cellular phone. In order to receive your Products, your mobile
phone must turned on; capable of receiving the Product; and set to receive text messages; either should be
equipped with USB cable or Bluetooth for direct downloading from the PC. We will send a confirmation to the
customer by email no later than one day after receiving the order. If the Product cannot delivered, Funtonia
will refund the payment, if the Product's non-delivery to the cellular phone is not the result of the
Purchaser's error in which case, payment will not be refunded. In case of a refund, we will reimburse the
amount paid by the customer, minus 20% for service fees and third party expenses. Refund processed only if
the customer has not downloaded any tones or pictures. Funtonia and its partner cellular companies retain
records of all customers download.
4.4 In order to protect our customers cell phones from SPAM & avoid any kind of deceit or fraud issues,
Funtonia restricts individual members to 40 downloads per day.
4.5 Cover Ringtones are compressed 30-second versions.
4.6 Wallpapers delivered to cell phones come without watermark.
4.7 Respond time for customer queries via email. All enquiries will
respond to within Two Business Working Days based on immediacy of all related applications.
5.0 Cancellation Policy and Refund
5.1 We do not cancel accounts because of any personal reasons.
5.2 In some cases & only after advised by our support team & approved we will agree that you will be able
to pass your account to someone else, who will be able to use our services. In that case, please send to
us via mail all relevant new details (cell number + carrier + email).
5.3 Before asking for a refund - Please specify the problem you are having with our services to our
support team, so we will be able to assist you better.
5.4 In any case, refund situation is not an automatic action by Funtonia - it will consider checking
your device with our support team & conferring with our billing department and it will take time.
6.0 Clarification
Today, most of known cellular devices are capable to locate & transfer an ringtone of 30 seconds, polyphonic
ringtones or wallpapers without a glimpse - But, some are not, and this is the reason why we put the test
option in our site - just before subscribing.
Please remember that cancelling your subscription because it did not work for you - not necessary
insinuate or suggest that our service is bad or nonfunctional to all. Please notice that our
responsibility is to make sure you downloaded our product into your cell phone successfully,
but - If you are not able to locate or to make this download as your ringtone or wallpaper - this
is not our duty - though, we will try to assist you in any way we know.
Our enormous knowledge & huge experience in this area & thousands of satisfied customers tells us
there should be no reason for any kind of nonperformance. You can contact your carrier & to your
device provider for instructions of how to manage your wishful downloads inside your cell phone
and to avoid blocking of all third-party content. As said before, there are thousands of satisfied
customers in Funtonia every day & it seems like the majority of our customers do not have any
obstacle in downloading our products. Then again, please feel free to contact us for any further
assistance, we will do our best to help & resolve.
Send your application via our customer service - Respond time for customer services queries is up
to two business working days based on immediacy of all related applications.
7.0 Liability
7.1 Funtonia and its authorized agents make no representations about the suitability, reliability,
availability, timeliness, lack of viruses or other harmful components and accuracy of the information,
products, services and related graphics contained within the Funtonia.com site. All such information,
products, services and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. You agree
that Funtonia shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions
of data and for any material or data sent or received or not sent or received. You agree that Funtonia
is not responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content
or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights.
7.2 You agree that Funtonia is not liable for any damages whatsoever including, without limitation,
damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or
performance of the Funtonia.com Site/Service, the provision of or failure to provide services, or
for any information, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Funtonia.com
Site/Service, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Funtonia.com Site/Service, whether based
on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. If you are dissatisfied with any
portion of the Funtonia.com Site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive
remedy is to discontinue using the Funtonia.com Site.
8.0 Service Messaging
You acknowledge and you agree that Funtonia may use the personal information you provide such as your e-mail
address or your cell phone number to send promotional content directly connected to the service we offer.
In addition, you agree and acknowledge that service messages might also be sent with a sole purpose of
improving the quality of service that a user obtains, or promote certain updates crucial to the
implementation of our service. However, if you do not approve of this paragraph, you
can unsubscribe from this particular division of our service.
9.0 Miscellaneous
You agree to indemnify and hold Funtonia, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees,
harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third
party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the Funtonia.com Site. Unless otherwise
specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Funtonia
with respect to the Funtonia.com Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications
and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Funtonia with respect
to the Funtonia.com Site.
10.0 Legal Information
Funtonia has license agreement to control the performance rights to many of the true tones listed on
this web site. Furthermore, Funtonia identifies contacts, executes licenses and pays royalties to all
music publishing companies whose musical compositions are listed in its ringtone inventory. If you
represent a music company and your products are not
represented here, contact us.
11.0 Contact Information
We can be reached by email here and by telephone at 1-888-600-2470.
Popular Ringtones:
Josh Turner - Hometown GirlJulia Michaels - IssuesJon Pardi - Dirt On My BootsEd Sheeran - Shape of YouFuture - Mask OffDrake - PassionfruitTravis Scott - GoosebumpsThe Weeknd - I Feel It Coming (Feat. Daft Punk)The Chainsmokers - ParisBruno Mars - That`s What I Like
Jane 12/21/2011
"I just wanted to thank you guys for listening to the users!"
Copyright 2005-2020 Funtonia.com |
Terms |
Privacy Policy |
contact info