https://www.mycom-osi.com/privacy-policy
Careers
Contact Us
Call us
Portfolio
SAAS
Assurance Cloud Service™
Digital network and service operations powered by the cloud
World’s first carrier grade service assurance SaaS offering
Reduce cost and time to deploy carrier-grade service assurance
Deploy, ready to ingest data, in under 1 hour
Applications
Experience Assurance & Analytics™ (EAA) suite
Cloud-native suite of carrier grade service assurance applications
EAA ProAssure™
Digital Service Quality Management
EAA PrOptima™
End-to-end Performance Management
EAA NetExpert™
End-to-end Fault Management
EAA ProActor™
Automation & Orchestration solution
EAA ProInsight™
Analytics
Platform
EAA Cloud Platform™
Cloud-native platform with unified data management and Open APIs
Use case based solutions
A catalogue of outcome-based solutions for next generation NOC/SOCs to manage digital services and hybrid networks
5G
Closed-loop automation of assurance for 5G networks, services & slices
5G Roll-out Accelerator™ solution
Accelerated 5G roll-out, expansion and assurance with a clear path to advanced 5G service monetization
Proactive and Preventative
Solutions to Identify precursors of potential degradations and failures
Guided Diagnostics
Analytical workflows to improve mean time to detect and repair complex degradations
Automation
Programmable workflows with open-loop and closed-loop automation
Customer Centricity
Manage network and service operations prioritized by customer value & impact
Services
Integration/Consultancy
Training
Support
Company
Company Profile
Management Team
News
Events
Awards
Customers
Customer Comments
Partners & Associations
Offices
Resources
Blog
Brochures & Datasheets
Use Cases & eBooks
Videos & Webinars
Reports & Surveys
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
MYCOM OSI Group Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers MYCOM OSI group companies. MYCOM OSI is an independent software vendor that helps Communications Service Providers (CSPs) transform into Digital Service Providers (DSPs) with its Assurance, Automation and Analytics solutions.
MYCOM OSI is committed to safeguarding privacy, including your personal data. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we collect and use your personal data, for example when you contact us, visit or use our website, mobile applications, portals, or other parts of our network, apply for a job, or use our products and services, regardless of how you access them. This privacy policy also explains your rights in respect of your personal data. In some cases, such as marketing or recruitment, MYCOM OSI has a specific policy covering your rights in more detail.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can get in contact with our Data Protection Officer (DPO) by writing to dpo@mycom-osi.com
Personal data collected by MYCOM OSI, how do we collect it, and why?
Data that you provide voluntarily to us:
When you use our website, products or services, have meetings with us or you otherwise communicate with us, we may ask you to provide certain personal data voluntarily, including your name, company position, postal address, telephone number, mobile number, fax number, email address, account usernames, passwords. For example, we may ask you to provide some or all of this personal data when you register an account or enquiry with us or subscribe to our marketing communications or if you provide information for marketing events organised by ourselves (or by third parties where you have provided permission). We use this information to create and administer your account, send you marketing communications, provide you with the products and services or information you request, and to respond to your enquiries. In general, the personal data that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal data.
Data collected automatically
When you use our website, products, or services, we may collect certain data automatically from your computers or devices, including mobile devices. The data we collect automatically may include your IP address (explained below), device type, operating system details, unique device identification numbers (including any mobile advertising identifiers), browser-type, browser language, operating system, geographic location and other technical information. We may also collect data about how your device has interacted with our website, products or services, including the pages or features accessed and links clicked, the amount of time spent on particular pages, mouse hovers, the date and time of the interaction, error logs, referring and exit pages and URLs, and similar information. Collecting this data enables us to better understand the visitors who use our website, products, and services, including where they come from and what features are of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes, and to improve the quality, relevance, and security of our website, products and services. For example, every time you connect to the website, we store a log of your visit that shows the unique number your machine uses when it is connected to the Internet - the IP address. This log tells us what your machine has looked at, whether the page request was successful or not, and which browser your machine used to view the pages. This data is used for statistical purposes as well as to help customize your user experience as you browse the website and interact with MYCOM OSI. This helps us to understand which areas of the website are of particular interest, which pages are not being requested, and how many people are visiting the website in total. It also helps us to determine which products and services may be of specific interest to you. We may also use this information to block IP addresses where there is a breach of the terms and conditions for use of the website. Some of the data may be collected automatically using tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading Cookies and Tracking.
Data that we obtain from third party sources
From time to time, we may receive personal data about you from third party sources (including without limitation recruitment agencies, credit check agencies, agencies providing compliance checks, lead generation providers, resellers, and other partners who sell our products and services to you), but only where such third parties have confirmed that they have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal data to us. The types of information we collect from third parties may include contact details, CVs, credit history, and order information, and we use the information we receive from these third parties to assess your suitability for a job position, carry out compliance checks required under applicable law (such as anti-bribery and corruption checks)and maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you. We also receive information from other members of the industry that forms part of or otherwise helps us to develop, test, and enhance our own product offering some of which could contain personal data (where permitted by applicable law). We may combine information that we collect from you with information about you that we obtain from such third parties.
Data collected through our products and services
We use data that we collect from products and services for the purposes for which you provided it, usage and audience counts, monitoring the performance and effectiveness of the products/services, monitoring compliance with our terms and conditions, enabling compatibility with third party operating systems/products/services, planning future roadmap strategy, planning product/service/feature lifecycles and retirements, scientific research, developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services, troubleshooting product issues, generating statistics, reporting, and trend analysis. This may include incidental personal data (for example usernames, machine IDs, domain names, IP addresses, file names, and file paths).
Cookies and Tracking
A cookie is a piece of text that gets entered into the memory of your browser by a website, allowing the website to store information on your machine and later retrieve it. Our website, products, and services may use cookies, unique device identifiers (like Apple ID For Advertisers on iOS devices, and Android Advertising ID on Android devices), and other tracking technologies ("Cookies") to distinguish you from other users and better serve you when you return to the website and to monitor and analyse the usage of the website. Cookies also enable us and our third party partners to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the onsite or in-product experience through content, features, and advertisements. We, along with our service providers, may also use other Internet technologies, such as Flash technologies, Web beacons or pixel tags, and other similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the website, product, or service, as well as personalize/customize your experience when you are using our website. We may also include Web beacons in email messages, newsletters, and other electronic communications to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics and personalization. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods. This practice is explained further under the heading Marketing and Promotions Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser's toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that your ability to sign in, customize, or use some of the features of our website may be restricted.
Location information
We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information (for example IP address or postal / ZIP code) and more specific information (for example GPS-based functionality on mobile devices when used to access our website. This information may be used to customize the services provided to you, such as location-based information and features. In order to do this, your location information may be shared with our agents. If you access the website through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details.
Other specific ways we collect and use your personal data
Location information
MIf you are making a job application or enquiry, you may provide us with a copy of your CV or other relevant information. We may use this information for the purpose of assessing your application or enquiry. We may also keep this information on file to contact you about future opportunities, unless you ask us not to do this.
Account management
If you obtain products or services from us, we may use your contact details and (where applicable) payment information for the purposes of (i) providing training, customer support, and account management, (ii) order processing and billing, (iii) verifying your usage of the products and services in accordance with the terms and conditions of your agreement with us, (iv) carrying out checks for export control, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, the prevention of modern slavery, and other compliance purposes in accordance with requirements under applicable law; (v) contacting you (including by email communication) regarding license expiry, renewal, and other related notices, and (vi) maintaining our company accounts and records.
Marketing
Our detailed Marketing Policy is set out here. A summary of key provisions is set out below.
Market research and surveysIf you participate in surveys, we will ask you to provide data and your consent and tell you at the time how the information will be used. We may use your personal data for our internal business analysis and training purposes in order to improve our understanding of our users’ demographics, interests and behaviour, to measure and increase customer satisfaction, and to improve our products and services.
Competitions, contests, promotionsIf you participate in a competition, contest, or promotion conducted by us or on our behalf, we will ask you to provide data and your consent and tell you at the time how the information will be used. We may use your personal data in order to administer such competition, contest, or promotion. We may also use your personal data as explained further under the heading Marketing and Promotions below.
Marketing and promotionsWe or other selected third parties acting on our behalf may contact you from time to time in order to provide you with information about products and services that may be of interest to you. Such communications may contain tracking technology that tells us whether you opened the communication and whether you followed the hyperlinks within the communication, in order to help us analyse the effectiveness of, monitor, and improve our marketing campaigns. All marketing communications that we send to you will respect any marketing preferences you have expressed to us and any consent obligations required under applicable privacy and anti-spam rules. Where we hold your personal data on the basis of your having given consent, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for certain or all marketing purposes, but if you do so, we may need to share your contact information with third parties for the limited purpose of ensuring that you do not receive marketing communications from them on our behalf.
Network monitoring
We may collect logs and other data about access to and traffic passing through our network and equipment for the purposes of availability and performance monitoring, maintenance, security monitoring and investigations, new product and service development, the enhancement of existing products and services, generating statistics, reporting, and trend analysis.
CCTV monitoring
Our offices may operate CCTV on the premises to maintain a high standard of security for our physical systems, data and employees. CCTV is used only for these purposes and is deleted at 30 day intervals. Any specific CCTV questions can be sent to dpo@mycom-osi.com
Legal basis for processing personal data
Our legal basis for collecting and using personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we need the personal data to enter into and/or perform a contract, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests (such as responding to an invitation from, or performing a contract with, you or your employer or entering into pre contract discussions with you or your employer) and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent to do so, such as for marketing purposes. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you or may otherwise need the personal data to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we collect and use your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party) other than as described in this privacy policy, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us at dpo@Mycom-osi.com.
With whom might we share your personal data
We may transfer or disclose your personal data to the following categories of recipients
to MYCOM OSI group companies, third party services providers, suppliers, agents, and other organisations who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our website, products, or services), or who otherwise process personal data on our behalf such as recruitment agencies, employee administration, data hosting or for purposes that are described in this privacy policy or notified to you when we collect your personal data (such as marketing, analytics, research, customer support, fraud prevention, and legal services)
to our authorised resellers and other channel partners in order to process your order or sales enquiry, manage your subscription, provide technical or customer support, advise of upcoming product or service subscription expiry and renewal dates, or as otherwise notified to you when we collect your personal data;
to any government department, agency, court or other official bodies where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation (such as in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process), (ii) to exercise, establish, participate in, or defend our legal rights, or limit the damages we sustain in litigation or other legal dispute, or (iii) to protect your vital interests, privacy, or safety, or those of our customers or any other person;
to a potential or actual buyer or transferee (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed or actual transfer of control, purchase, merger, reorganisation, consolidation, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer or transferee it must use your personal data only for the purposes disclosed in this privacy policy;
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Except as set out above, we will not disclose your personal data save where we need to do so in order to enforce this privacy policy, an applicable license agreement, our rights generally, or where required or permitted by applicable local or foreign law.
Whenever we share personal data, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated securely and in accordance with the law and this privacy policy. This may include without limitation aggregating or de-identifying information so that it is not intended to be used by the third party to identify you.
International transfers of data
As a global group we operate, and our website, products, and services are accessed from, all over the world. When you give us personal data, that data may be used, processed, or stored elsewhere in the world, including in countries that have data protection laws that are different to the country in which you reside. Generally data may be stored or processed by us in the EU or USA. In some circumstances data may be stored or processed in a location outside these areas where we have a group company office. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this privacy policy. For EU originating data sent elsewhere, such as our Research and Development centre in India, we use EU model clauses to protect the data. Data held at our EU sites is covered under and in compliance with EU law in the relevant Member State.
Data Retention
Our standard policy is to retain data for 7 years from collection or last update. In some cases we may need to retain data for longer periods for legal reasons. In other cases such as marketing where details may change more often we will retain the data collected for as long as appropriate and in line with Direct Marketing Institute best practice guidelines. In all cases we aim to retain personal data we collect from you for as long as necessary for the purposes for which the personal data was collected or where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or regulatory requirements. Even if you close your account, we will retain certain information in order to meet our obligations. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal data, we will either securely destroy, erase, delete or anonymise it, or if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights depending on the type of data we hold:
You can access, delete or request portability of your personal data by e-mailing dpo@Mycom-osi.com
You may also ask us to correct or update your personal data, object to processing of your personal data, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal data by e-mailing dpo@mycom-osi.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can usually exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. Alternatively, or to opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us by e-mailing dpo@mycom-osi.com
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by e-mailing dpo@mycom-osi.com Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws
The owner of this website is Objective Systems Integrators, Inc and its group companies all trading or doing business as MYCOM OSI.
Portfolio
Assurance Cloud™
EAA Suite
EAA ProAssure™
EAA PrOptima™
EAA NetExpert™
EAA ProActor™
EAA ProInsight™
EAA Cloud Platform™
Use Case Based Solutions
5G
Proactive and Preventative
Guided Diagnostic
Automation
Customer Centricity
Company
Company Profile
Offices
Careers
News
Events
Legal
Corporate Privacy Policy
Marketing Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
Stay Up to Date
Europe
4th Floor, The Urban Building3-9 Albert Street Slough, SL1 2BEUnited Kingdomt: +44 1753 213 740
Middle East, South Asia and Africa
9th Floor Aurora TowerDubai Internet CityP.O. Box 502 533Dubait +971 4 434 1553
Americas
2365 Iron Point RoadSuite 170Folsom CA 95630United Statest : +1 916 467 1500
Asia Pacific
30 Cecil Street
#19-08 Prudential Tower
Singapore 049712
Call us
×
EUROPE
+ 44 1753 213 740
MIDDLE EAST, ASIA AND AFRICA
+ 971 4 434 1553
AMERICAS
+1 916 467 1500