http://www.neotys.com/legal
About
Academy
Labs
Support
Log In
English
French
German
Home » Privacy Policy
Legal notice
Information accessible on this website (http://www.neotys.fr) is provided for information purposes only and shall not bind NEOTYS in any way whatsoever. NEOTYS reserves the right to modify or interrupt this website at any time.
Website’s publisherNEOTYS S.A.SCapital of 253 768,10 € – RCS Marseille B 480 255 900Address : 389, avenue du Château de Jouques – 13420 Gemenos – FRANCETel. : + 33 (0)4 42 18 08 27 – E-mail : contact@neotys.comPublication director : Sylvain Fambon
Website Host :OVH2 rue Kellermann BP 80157 59053 ROUBAIX CEDEX 1 – France+33 9 72 10 10 07
Intellectual propertyAll content accessible on this website, including without limitation any trademark, text, drawing, image, photography as well as the design of this website is protected by intellectual property rights and NEOTYS, or its content suppliers as the case may be, are their sole owner. Except for copies made for information only or for a private use, such content must not be reproduced, transmitted, broadcasted, operated or used in any way whatsoever. No right, title or interest in any of the contents is granted or licensed when accessing this website.
Data protection and privacy policyNeotys’ data protection and privacy policy is accessible below on this page.
Neotys Terms of servicesTerms of services governing your access to and use of any products or services offered by Neotys are accessible on the following page: https://www.neotys.com/documents/legal/eula/neoload/eula_en.html
Copyright notice
Unauthorized commercial publication or exploitation of text, images or content of this website is specifically prohibited. Anyone wishing to use any of these files or images for commercial use, publication, or any purpose other than fair use as defined by law, must request and receive prior written permission from Neotys. Permission for such use is granted on a case-by-case basis at the sole discretion of Neotys.
Information on this web site is subject to change at anytime without prior notice.
Link to any public page of this website for information purposes is authorized.
Trademarks
Neotys, NeoLoad are registered trademarks of the Neotys company.
The names of all other products mentioned within these pages are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Privacy
NEOTYS may collect the following personal data:
Your first name and last name;
Your professional email address;
Your professional phone number;
The IP address from which you access NEOTYS website or from which you use NEOTYS’ products or services;
The name of your company;
Your professional status in this company;
The country in which you are located.
NEOTYS may collect your personal data through several means:
Through forms accessible on its website (contact forms or software downloading forms);
While browsing and using its website, through cookies such as, in particular, Google Analytics;
While using the software on downloaded your information system, in particular also through Google Analytics.
NEOTYS may collect, store and process your personal data and combine them with others you may have had already transmitted to NEOTYS through other means, solely for those following purposes:
To communicate with website users;
To perform customer’s order and to manage relationship with customer ;
To monitor the use of NEOTYS’ software and maintenance services;
To improve NEOTYS software and tools, and relationship with customer ;
For marketing purposes;
To help create, develop, use, deliver, monitor and improve the products and services provided,
Analyze our website traffic.
The basis for the lawful processing of your personal data may be either:
Performance of an order and customer relationship management;
Taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract; or
Legitimate interests of NEOTYS (To help create, develop, use, deliver, monitor and improve the products and services provided, for website traffic analysis and for commercial prospection).
The provision of your personal data is necessary to communicate, to enter into and/or to perform potential contracts with you or with the entity you may represent.
Within this framework, personal data which must necessarily be communicated to NEOTYS are identified with an asterisk, in the form relevant. Failure to provide mandatory data may refrain NEOTYS from communicating with you or entering into the contract concerned.
The recipients of your personal data are:
The authorized personnel of the marketing department, the sales department, the departments in charge of the customer relationship and of commercial prospection, the administrative, logistic and IT services, including their supervisors;
The authorized personnel of services responsible for management control procedures (external and internal auditors…);
The authorized personnel responsible for research and development product within NEOTYS, including support services of NEOTYS;
The authorized personnel of subcontractors, provided that the contract signed between the subcontractors and the data controller provides for the obligations of the subcontractors concerning the protection of data security and privacy, and specifies the objectives to be achieved.
Where Cloud services provided by NEOTYS are used, your data in connection with your use of the service (license id) may be transferred on servers located in the United States of America, to hosts participating in the “Privacy Shield” approved by the European Commission as it provides adequate personal data protection.
Collected personal data are kept by NEOTYS under the following terms:
In relation to natural persons who are clients, representatives of or employed by a NEOTYS’ client: 10 years following the end of contractual relationship with the concerned client;
In relation to prospects: 3 years following the date of collection of the data or following our last exchange with you;
In relation to the browsing and use data collected on NEOTYS website:
IP address obtained through Google Analytics is kept for 38 months from the deposit of the Google Analytics cookie;
Information about visits on our website, combined with your first name, last name and IP address are kept 90 days from your visit on our website;
logs generated in fulfilling forms accessible on our website, combined with your first name, last name and IP address are kept 25 months;
logs of your visit on specific pages of our website as determined by NEOTYS, combined with your first name, last name and IP address are kept 25 months;
click activities in emails received from NEOTYS, combined with your first name, last name and IP address are kept 25 months.
In accordance with applicable rules , you can at any time request information concerning your personal data held by NEOTYS, request for its rectification, if it is wrong or incomplete, request for its erasure or for a restriction on processing, as the case may be, via the following email address: compliance@neotys.com.
Your rights also include:
The right to obtain from NEOTYS confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, right to access to the personal data and to receive the following information: the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the recipients of data, the potential existence of automated decision-making and logic involved, the period for which the personal data will be stored, the other rights you are entitled to and the right to lodge a complaint with the CNIL (Commission nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés), where the personal data are not collected from you, any available information as to their source;
The right to data portability;
The right to lodge a complaint with the CNIL (Commission nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés);
The right to object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation. You have the right to object at any time the processing of your personal data used for marketing purposes.