http://www.atacom.com/product_list_atacom/policies_atacom.html
blank
1U Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
2U Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
3U Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
4U Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
5U+ Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
Tower Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
Blade Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
Storage Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
GPU Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
H-Density Server
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
Virtualization
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
Quiet Workstation
Intel CPU
AMD CPU
AMD Server
Intel Server
Component
Chassis
Controller Cards
Cooling / Fan
Hard Drive
Memory
Motherboard
Network Card
Processor
PC Barebone
Power Supply / UPS
Software
Server
Video Card
Peripheral
Accessories
Cable / Adapter
CD/ DVD/ Floppy
Duplicator
Flash Memory
IO Card
Monitor
Mouse / Keyboard
Multimedia
Networking
Notebook
Printer
Service
General
Terms and Policie
Company Disclaimer
ATACOM
reserves the right to adjust prices and information
for all products. Changes may occur due to errors, fluctuating
market conditions, product discontinuation or typographical
errors in advertisement. ATACOM will not be held responsible
for manufacturer price changes, which may occur at any
time without notice. ATACOM also reserves the right
to refuse any order deemed inappropriate.
Please note that monitors need
to be purchased separately from computer systems unless
otherwise specified.
Warranty
ATACOM warrants that our products
are free from defect in material and workmanship and,
subject to condition set forth herein, agree to repair
or replace in accordance with the manufacturer's warranties
from the date of original retail purchase without charge
to parts and labor. The manufacture warranty period
is one year unless otherwise stated. This warranty is
limited to the original purchaser and is not transferable
to anyone else.
If any products are determined to be
defective, they will be exchanged or repaired at ATACOM's
discretion within 30 days from the original invoice
date on which the product was shipped. Once the 30 days
has passed, the manufacturer's warranty would be put
into effect. All branded products, except for OEM CPUs,
have their own specific manufacturer warranties. Please
contact the manufacturer’s customer support directly
for any warranty issues, as all inquiries should go
through them from now on. Generic products except otherwise
mentioned all carry a one-year warranty from the purchase
date through ATACOM. Any damage on the products which
resulted from mishandling or product abuse will have
the warranty voided immediately. Please contact our
RMA department for further information about how to
return the defective product.
Compatiblity
ATACOM is a mail order company which
carries thousands of products. It is impossible for
our staff to know each product carried in full detail.
Though we will help you to the best of our knowledge,
ATACOM cannot guarantee every product's compatibility
and will not be held liable for any incorrect information
given. It is the customers' responsibility to do further
research before shopping. For further information or
questions regarding any products, please check with
the manufacturers.
Price Protection/Matching
ATACOMdoes not offer price protection
or price matching. Our prices are independent of other
retailer's prices as we are already selling our products
near cost. At the time you make the purchase you have
agreed to the listed price. All prices will remain final
once an order has been shipped. However, if there was
a price change on ATACOM's OWN WEB PRICE prior to the
shipment of your order, we would be more than happy to
make the adjustment for you. Please do not ask us to honor
other retailer's prices.
Order Cancellation/Modification
Please call during our business hours
(9am to 5pm PST) to change/cancel the order. All processes
must be done before the order has been shipped out.
ATACOM will only accept all change/cancel request by
phone, and will ignore any email request due to security
reasons.
Money Back
Guarantee
All items except otherwise mentioned,
may be returned within 15 days of the original invoice
date to be refunded. The returned items must be in the
same condition as when it was sold, along with all the
items in the original packaging. CPU and memory can
only be exchanged and must be returned within 7 days
of the date of receipt. Shipping charges are not refundable.
A 15% restocking fee will be applied to all returns
for refund. Additional deduction may be made on the
base of price change. The 15% restocking fee may be
charged on the base of current price (Refund = 0.85
x Current Price). Shipping charges are non-refundable.
No refund after 15 days. A Return Merchandise Authorization
(RMA) number is required for all returns.
Extra Charges
Customers will be charged a
fee of $10.00 for each package if the delivery address
needs to be changed once the package has left the premises
for delivery to the original address. The customer's
Credit Card will be charged automatically should such
a notice is received by the Carrier.
California Electronic Waste Recycling Fee Effective January 1,
2013
Effective January 1, 2013, the California Electronic Waste Recycling (eWaste) Fee for CA customer will be as follows:
Screen Size -
Measured Diagonally
FEE
More than 4
inches, less than 15 inches
$ 3.00
15 inches or
more, less than 35 inches
$ 4.00
35 inches or
more
$ 5.00
Top
Return
policies
RMA Number
Before returning any product,
you must first obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization
(RMA) number by faxing a completed RMA Request Form
to (510) 933-1201. NO returns of any type will be accepted
without a RMA number. Please have the following information
completed before faxing the RMA Request Form: customer
name, sales order number, serial number and the nature
of the problem. All the information necessary should
be listed on your invoice. A RMA number is valid for
only 10 days from the day it was issued. Returned products
sent without a RMA number visible on the outside of
the shipping box, or with an outdated RMA number will
be refused. The customer is responsible for all shipping
charges and risk of loss on all return shipments. ATACOM
recommends the use of reputable carriers capable of
providing proof of delivery as well as insuring your
shipment. All returns must be sent pre-paid. No C.O.D.s
will be accepted. The return address is 43951 Boscell
Road, Fremont, CA 94538. Shipping and handling is non-refundable.
Shipping
Costs
The customer will need to pay
for return shipping. While we realize that it is not
your fault if you have received a product that is defective,
but please understand we are also not at fault as well
-- we ship what our distributors & manufacturers
provide us with. This is why we offer to share the shipping
costs associated with a return replacement. The customer
will pay for return shipping, and we will pay to have
the replacement shipped to you. All shipping from RMA
will be done by Ground Service. We cannot offer our
everyday low prices and absorb the full cost of handling
return shipments. Shipping promotions are only deliverable
within the continental United States. Shipments outside
the continental United States including, but not limited
to, Hawaii and Alaska, are subject to standard shipping
charges defined by ATACOM.
Similar to a walk-in store, Wal-Mart will not send a
driver or courier to your house to pick up a defective
item you bought in their store. They will not reimburse
you for your time and gas money spent to drive back
to the store either. However, ATACOMIPC.com will use every
good measure we have to ensure that you will be able
to get the item replaced promptly with as little hassle
as possible.
Damaged or
Lost Packages
Damage claims to the products
in the package during transport should issued to the
shipping carrier at the time of delivery. If products
upon received are found to have physical damage, report
immediately to the customer service department ASAP
and do not attempt to use the product at all. The warranty,
refund, or replacement will be voided if the product
is physically damaged or abused. It is customer's responsibility
to know how to correctly use merchandise. Special care
should be taken when dealing with delicate components
such as the CPU die and motherboard capacitors which
could be damaged easily by careless and irresponsible
handling of the products. Any damage inflicted upon
the products which is not at the fault of the manufacturer
will not be covered by the warranty.
Lost packages should also be addressed
to the shipping carrier, as you would have to prove
the package never arrived. In the case that items are
missing from your purchase, it needs to be reported
to ATACOM within 24 hours as well as shipping carrier.
Returns and
Restocking Fees
All returns for credit are subject to a minimum 15% restocking fee and must be completed within 15 days of the invoice date. Additional deductions may be applied based on changes in pricing. The minimum 15% restocking fee will be charged based on the current price when the RMA form was completed.
All products returned must be returned within 15 days of the invoice date, 100% complete, in re-saleable condition, and must include all the original packing material, manuals, blank warranty cards and other accessories provided by the manufacturer. All service charges such as system assembly, testing, labor, and extended warranties are final and are not refundable.
ATACOM cannot accept returns on CPUs, System Memory and Flash Memory Products.
All customized systems can only be repaired or replaced with the exact same
model(s) within 30 days from the date they were shipped. After 30 days, all customized systems can only be repaired under warranty.
Due to manufacturers' policies, ATACOMcannot accept returns or give refunds on all Software, Retail Boxed Processors, Notebooks/Laptops, Blank Media Cartridges, Printer Cartridges, Minolta, Cisco, IBM, Sony, Intel, Tektronix, NEC, and Hewlett Packard products. Arctic Silver products, other Thermal Compounds, Adhesives and other liquid products are also non-refundable.
Defective merchandise must be returned to the manufacturer directly.
Product Rejections and/or Address Corrections and Courier Fees
All packages that are rejected by receiver/receipient are subject to the same return policies detailed here. All shipping costs are non-refundable even if the order has been rejected. Atacom cannot be held responsible for shipping costs to send back a defective or non-defective item back to Atacom. Orders shipped to addresses outside the continental U.S. will be subject to higher shipping & insurance rates, as well as applicable customs, duties, taxes and return shipping fees. All such expenses will be the responsibility of the customer even if package is rejected and/or non-acccepted. These additional fees charged to us by the courier will be deducted from applicable credits to account. UPS and FedEx may assess up to a $15.00 address correction fee for every package that is shipped if the address provided is incorrect or incomplete. This fee imposed by the courier will be automatically charged to the order's method of payment.
RMA Replacement
ATACOM will pay the replacement
shipping back to customers via insured ground service.
However, if the product sent back from customer is functioning
under normal conditions with no defects found, the customer
will be charged for the shipping fee.
Privacy Policy
ATACOM. understands our customers' concerns regarding the privacy of the information they share with us. We hold our customers, and the information they share with us, in the highest regard. We do not sell, share or rent information to anyone outside Atacomipc.com and our two specific third-party partners, Google and Microsoft, whom provide ATACOM with analytical/advertising tools/programs and services. Maintaining your privacy is critical to us. We comply with all privacy laws and regulations according to city, county, state and federal government standards.
•	Information Security – We work hard to protect ATACOMand its users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. We encrypt our servers using SSL technology to provide our users a safe environment for their sensitive data. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We restrict access to personal information employees who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
•	Information We Collect – We only collect and maintain the information you specifically choose to provide to us during the order checkout process. This is used solely to process your order requests.
•	Cookies – We utilize a cookie to collect and store information when you visit our website by sending a cookie to your device to maintain the status of your shopping cart. The cookie placed on your computer is done through the checkout process and is used solely to maintain your order shopping cart information.
•	Third-Party – We may utilize analytical/advertising tools/programs and services provided by Google and/or Microsoft. Users may choose to not participate or “opt out” of Microsoft’s or Google’s advertising services. Please see
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
and
http://privacy.microsoft.com
for more information in regards to their respective Privacy Policies and how they may utilize your user data. Other than as provided in the Microsoft Online Privacy Statement or the Google Privacy Policy Statement, Microsoft and Google will not disclose to any third parties any user data collected in connection with the analytical/advertising tools/programs and services in a manner that contains or reveals any personally-identifiable information.
Top
Legal
Disclaimer
Seller hereby expressly disclaims
all warranties either expressed or implied warranty of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This
disclaimer by the seller in no way affects the terms of
the manufacturer's warranty if any. Title to goods herein
being purchased is retained by the seller until goods
are paid for by the purchaser and at that time title passes
to purchaser. If goods herein being purchased are being
purchased for purposes of export, purchaser must obtain
from the Federal Government certain export documentation
before shipping to a foreign country. In addition, manufacturers'
warranties for exported goods may vary or even be null
and void. If you have questions, please inquire. Any and
all liability is only for the products purchased.
You agree that any legal action brought against ATACOM.
Inc. shall be governed by the laws of the State of California
without regard to its conflict of law principles. You
agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation
arising from your use of or orders made on the ATACOM
shall be an appropriate federal or state court located
in Alameda County California.
Top
© 2016 ATACOM, Inc. All rights reserved. Published by ATACOM, Inc. All product names throughout this catalog are trademarks of their respective holders.