http://www.acroname.com/terms-use
Skip to main content
Store
Blog
Support
About
Contact
MTM
Cart
Log In
COVID-19 Status: Acroname is classified by the State of Colorado as an essential business. All our employees are working remotely except minimal operations and shipping teams. We continue to ship most orders the day they are received.
Enter your keywords
Cart
Log In
Terms of Use
Acroname Terms of Use
Last Updated: July 24, 2014
By using our website and/or purchasing a product or service from Acroname, you are agreeing to the following terms. If you represent a company, you are agreeing that you have the authority to accept the terms on your company's behalf. In that case, your business is agreeing to these Terms of Use.
ORDERING, SHIPPING, and RETURNS
Refer to Acroname's Ordering Information page for details on how to order product from Acroname.
PRIVACY
Refer to our Privacy Policy for specific terms on how Acroname respects your private information.
ACRONAME PRODUCT SPECIFIC WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS
For the products that we manufacture, Acroname provides a 90 day warranty against manufacturing defects only. Acroname warrants that any Acroname manufactured item purchased will function as specified in its respective data sheet which resides online at www.acroname.com. Acceptance criteria is based solely on the item's data sheet with no regard to how the item functions or does not function within a customer designed or controlled system. Extended warranty periods are available on Acroname's MTM series of products. For more information, contact sales@acroname.com.
Acroname products are not designed for use in any life support and/or safety equipment where failure to perform can reasonably be expected to result in personal injury or death. If you do use or sell products as a component of life support and/or safety applications you do so at your own risk and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Acroname, Inc. from any and all damages, claims, suits or expense resulting from such use or sale.
Please refer to our Return Policy  for details in making a return for credit or and exchange.
Acroname will inspect returned items and repair or replace items that are within the 90 day warranty period and exhibit a manufacturing defect. Items that have been mishandled or damaged will not be replaced or repaired under this warranty agreement.
THIRD PARTY WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS
We sell products that we make (Acroname manufactured)  and we also sell products that are manufactured by third parties.  If you're purchasing a product from us that is manufactured by a third party then you will need to refer to the manufacturer's warranty.   It is your responsibility to check the manufacturer's website and other materials to make sure you understand any product specific warranties and disclaimers.  Also check the bottom of this page for any specific third party manufacturer's warranties and disclaimers that we are aware of.  We can't promise that we've covered all of them but we try to relay this information when we are able to obtain it from our vendors.
Acroname does not warranty products that are manufactured by third parties. We are however happy to facilitate a warranty inquiry with a third party should you have problems with any of the products that you purchase from us.
LIMITED LIABILITY
Acroname and Acroname's suppliers and distributors will not be responsible for any indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages including (but not limited to) lost profits, lost revenues, lost data or financial losses regarding these terms and/or having resulted from your use of Acroname services or products purchased from Acroname regardless of manufacturer.
The total liability of Acroname, and its suppliers and distributor, for any claims under these terms, including for any implied warranties, is limited to the amount you paid us for the products and/or services that you purchased from us.
These liability terms will be enforced according to applicable law.
ABOUT THESE TERMS
If any portion of these terms is deemed to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that portion shall be voided but all other portions of these terms will remain in full force and effect. These terms will be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado. If a dispute arises between you and Acroname, you agree to attempt to resolve the matter through mediation. If in good-faith mediation, the matter can not be resolved, you agree to attempt to solve the matter through arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. All parties shall initially share the cost of arbitration, but the prevailing party may be awarded attorney fees, costs and other expenses of arbitration. If the matter can not be resolved through arbitration, you agree that any and all claims will be litigated only in the federal or state courts of Boulder County, Colorado, USA.
If you do not abide by these terms and we don't take action right away, it does not mean that we are giving up our rights. We retain all of our rights including the right to take action on your non-compliance in the future. These terms, including but not limited to warranty terms, supersede all other terms invluding those in or attached to or otherwise referned by purchase orders, supplier agreement, or any other agreement related to purchases from Acroname Inc.