http://www.dmcinfo.com/privacy
Privacy
Privacy
DMC, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the DMC, Inc. website and governs data collection and usage. By using the DMC, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Summary
How we use cookies:
Personalization
To personalize your experience
Security
To enable and support our security features
Analytics and Research
To understand, analyze and improve our services
Performance
To learn how well our site is performing
Marketing
For marketing or advertising purposes
User Behavior
To determine how you arrived on our site
Does DMC sell customer personal information?
DMC, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease the personal information of its customers.
What information does DMC collect?
For website visitors:
We record details regarding your use of our website. More details listed here.
For prospective clients, existing clients, partners, newsletter recipients, and other individuals we are in contact with, we may collect information you choose to provide, such as, but not limited to the following:
Names
Email addresses
Phone numbers
Postal addresses
Job titles
Information related to services rendered
How can I modify or remove my information?
If you would like to review, modify, or delete any personal information we hold about you, submit a request to privacy@dmcinfo.com. We will respond as soon as we are able to, after thoroughly reviewing your request.
Full Privacy Policy
DMC, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the DMC, Inc. website and governs data collection and usage. By using the DMC, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
What information does DMC collect?
We collect various types of information, including information that identifies or could potentially identify you as an individual, hereinafter referred to as “Personal Information”.
Information You Provide to Us:
We may collect and store information that you provide directly to us, such as, but not limited to the following: names, email addresses, phone numbers, postal addresses, job titles, information related to services rendered (purchased), in addition to any other information you choose to provide us with, whether directly (in person, via phone,
text message, email, etc.) or through our website or systems. Example scenarios where your information may be collected are as follows: submission of a message via our website "Contact" form, signing up for an email correspondence (such as a newsletter), or registering for an event. If you contact us through our website, we may maintain a record of your correspondence.
Information We Automatically Collect:
When you visit our website, we collect and log (record) certain information related to your device, such as but not limited to the following:
your device’s configuration, Internet Protocol (IP) address, geographical location, browser type, domain names, access times, referring website, what DMC pages your device visited, the time that your device visited our Website, performance metrics related to your usage, information retrieved by cookies or similar mechanisms.
How do we use the information?
This information is used by DMC, Inc. for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the DMC, Inc. website.
We may use the information we collect via our website for the following:
To analyze, test, and measure the performance of our website or services
To improve our website and enhance the user experience
For marketing or advertising purposes, in order to display relevant advertisements and track their performance (e.g., a user visited a Services page, then sent us a message through our Contact form)
Assist in maintaining the security of our website
Linked Websites
DMC, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from DMC, Inc. so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. DMC, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the DMC, Inc. and DMC, Inc. family of Web sites.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
The DMC, Inc. Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience.
What are cookies?
A cookie is small piece of data (text file) that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies that a website asks your browser to store on your device, are used in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Those cookies are set by us and called first party cookies. We may also use third party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts, as well as to understand your browsing of the Website (for example, which page you visit or how long you stay on each page).
More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Personalization
We use cookies to personalize your experience and remember user preferences.
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity.
Analytics and Research
We may use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services.
Performance
Cookies help us learn how well our site is performing and allow us to optimize and improve our site and service offerings.
Marketing
We may use cookies for marketing purposes, in order to display relevant advertisements and track their performance (e.g., a user visited a Services page, then sent us a message through our Contact form).
User Behavior
We use cookies to determine how you arrived on our site (e.g. Google search).
Your Privacy Rights
It is your right to opt not to disclose information to us, however certain information is required in order to do business with us.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communication at any time, via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. Alternatively, you can request to no longer receive communication by sending us a message detailing your specific request, and the communication you no longer want to receive to privacy@dmcinfo.com.
How can I have my Personal Information removed?
If you would like to review, modify, or delete any personal information we hold about you, you may submit a request to privacy@dmcinfo.com. We will review your request, and respond as soon as we are able to.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified Personal Information that does not identify any individual, and may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to privacy@dmcinfo.com.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register our services or send any Personal Information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@dmcinfo.com.
Data Security
We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. DMC, Inc. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
DMC reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice to you. Your continued use of our website is acknowledgement of acceptance to this Privacy Policy, and your understanding that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the terms herein outlined. We expect you to periodically review this Statement in order to stay informed of how DMC, Inc. is protecting your information.
Contact Us
DMC, Inc. welcomes your comments, questions, or concerns regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that DMC, Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please send a detailed message to privacy@dmcinfo.com. We will use reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
About
Employee Bios
Core Values
Industries Served
Partners
Digital Workplace Solutions Partners
Testimonials
Customer Service
Our Clients
FAQ
Latest Thinking
Blog
Case Studies
Videos
Press Room
Newsletter
Services
Manufacturing Automation and Intelligence
Test and Measurement Automation
Embedded Development and Embedded Programming
Application Development
Digital Workplace Solutions
Careers
Open Positions
Benefits
Diversity & Inclusion
Contact