http://www.phenomenists.com/index.php/services/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy (v1.1)
Email
Phenomenists Internet Ltd - Privacy Policy
Phenomenists - Updated Privacy Policy 14.05.2018 (v1.1)
1.0 Our core beliefs regarding user privacy and data protection
• User privacy and data protection are human rights• We have a duty of care to the people within our data• Data is a liability, it should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary• We intensely loathe spam as much as you do!• We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information
2.0 Relevant legislation
Along with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:
• UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)• EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)
This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer* (details of whom can be found in section 8.0) for clarification.
3.0 Personal information that this website collects and why we collect it
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:
3.1 Site visit tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see and assist their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 5.0 below).
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. FYI our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
In addition to Google Analytics, this website may collect* information (already held in the public domain) attributed to the IP address of the computer or device that is being used to access it.
3.2 Contact forms and email links
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page or an email link, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors defined in section 5.0. Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). However, we would suggest that you always consider email as an insecure medium and not include personal, confidential or otherwise sensitive information within an email.
3.3 Email newsletter
We no longer send out newsletters.
3.4 Following a link to www.phenomenists.com from another website
If you come to www.phenomenists.com from another website, we may receive personal information about you from the other website. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
4.0 About this website’s server
This website is hosted by UK Fast within a UK data centre located in Manchester.
Some of the data centre’s more notable security features are as follows:• Data centres are secured to UK government IL4 standards• ISO-certified• Land & buildings fully owned by UKFast
Full details of UK Fast's data centre can be found by following this link here
All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
5.0 Our third party data processors
We may use a few third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and each of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2.0. Currently the only 3rd party being used is based in the USA and EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.
•Google (Privacy policy)
6.0 Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
7.0 Data Controller
The data controller of this website is: Phenomenists Internet Ltd, a UK Private limited Company with company number: 8716802
Our registered & operational office is:The Home OfficeSouthmeadChurch StWest StourDorsetSP8 5RL
8.0 Data Protection Officer*
Whilst the law does not require us to have dedicated data officer (we have less than 250 employees) any communication concerning data protection concerns can be sent to Simon Thew at the above address where it will receive immediate attention.
9.0 Changes to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time inline with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the change log below.
9.1 Change Log
Addition to privacy policy 14.05.2018 v1.1
Go Top