http://www.thepapertiger.com/privacy_policy
Sign In or Sign Up FREE!
Home
Paper Tiger
Digital Tiger
Reviews
Pricing
Blog
Support
About The Monticello Corporation
Contact Us
Mailing Address
The Monticello Corporation
PO Box 190645
Atlanta, GA 31119
Phone
Toll Free: 866-701-1561
Int'l: +1 404-478-6413
Fax: 815-331-5270
Email/web
Email: frontdesk@thepapertiger.com
Support: support@thepapertiger.com
Twitter: @papertigersoft
The Monticello Corporation
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 8, 2020
The Monticello Corporation is the developer of Paper Tiger software. This privacy statement covers the website https://www.thepapertiger.com.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact The Monticello Corporation at privacy@thepapertiger.com. The Monticello Corporation (www.thepapertiger.com) complies with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
1. Information Collection
You may view some areas of our website and sign up for a free online account. We collect information such as your name, address and email.
We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
You may have the option to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender) to us; we encourage you to submit this information so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our site.
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. This information is collected by a PCI compliant shopping cart service and is shared only with The Monticello Corporation. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, phone number, and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date, CID number, etc.). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
When you register for www.thepapertiger.comyou will receive a short welcome email. If you opt to receive newsletters from us, you will receive regularly scheduled emails. As a paid subscriber, you will receive emails regarding your account status and billing receipts.
We will not use the information that
you input into Paper Tiger software in any way, shape, or form.
We will never modify or alter the data you input into Paper Tiger software
in any way. You are totally responsible for your own data. The
Monticello Corporation (www.thepapertiger.com) maintains scheduled backup through our IT systems
provider. In addition, any other material you provide us will
be held in the strictest confidence.
In addition, we do not collect personally
identifiable information about you except when you specifically provide
this information on a voluntary basis. We will make every effort to
ensure that whatever information you provide will be maintained in a
secure environment.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer location when you use the World Wide Web. Our servers record incoming IP addresses. The IP addresses are analyzed only in aggregate; no connection is made between you and your computer's IP address.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected
data to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users. The Monticello Corporation
(www.thepapertiger.com) uses cookies to recognize visitors and more quickly provide personalized content or grant you unimpeded access to the website.
Information gathered through cookies also helps us measure use of our website. Cookie data allow us to track usage behavior and compile data that we can use to improve the site. This data will be used in aggregate form; no specific users will be tracked.
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics to help us improve our site. We have no access or control over these cookies.
This privacy statement covers the use
of cookies by The Monticello Corporation (www.thepapertiger.com) only and does not cover the use
of cookies by any third party.
2. Information Use
The Monticello Corporation (www.thepapertiger.com) reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics by collecting and tracking IP addresses. We do this in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the website. We can determine which sites refer the most people to www.thepapertiger.com.
Communications from the Site
Service-related Announcements
We will send strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send an email to you.
Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Customer Service
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send a welcoming email to verify your username. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletters to you. In each communication from us, you will find a link to unsubscribe.
You can opt out by simply clicking this unsubscribe link. We do not sell or trade email addresses with other companies.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest
winners and to monitor site traffic or personalize the site (in the
case of anonymous information collected in surveys).
Testimonials
We post testimonials from time-to-time.
If you send a testimonial to us, we will assume that you are giving us permission to use your comments on our website and in our marketing materials.
Sharing Information
Service Providers
We use other third parties to provide billing services on our site. When you purchase a product or service from us, the input of your personal information, including credit card information as necessary,
goes directly to the third party billing service, therefore your billing information is not maintained by The Monticello Corporation. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose including their own marketing purposes.
These third parties are prohibited from
using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose
including their own marketing purposes.
We do not sell your information.
Links to Other Sites
This website may contain links to other
sites that are not owned or controlled by The Monticello Corporation
(www.thepapertiger.com). Please be aware that we, The Monticello Corporation
(www.thepapertiger.com), are not responsible for the privacy practices
of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you
leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every
website that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to
information collected by The Monticello Corporation (www.thepapertiger.com) website.
Paper Tiger Online (app.thepapertiger.com) single user plans can connect to Google Drive, but only at your choice and actual acceptance of the connection through your Google Drive account. This account connection only allows the search function to search the digital files that you store on your Google Drive based on the search word you input into your Paper Tiger search box. The Monticello Corporation via Paper Tiger Online, does not in any way store any information in or from your Google Drive.
Access to Personally Identifiable
Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our website or by emailing our Customer Support at
sales@thepapertiger.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail
at the contact information listed below.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
General Security Policy
The Monticello Corporation (www.thepapertiger.com)
is aware of your privacy concerns and strives to collect only as much
data as is required to make your Paper Tiger software experience as
efficient and satisfying as possible.
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we follow generally accepted industry standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged within our site to protect the personal information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security
on our Website, you can send an email to us at sales@thepapertiger.com.
Business Transitions
In the event that The Monticello Corporation goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our website for 30 days of such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy, as circumstances warrant.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on the website and in other places that you frequent while using our products such as the application Dashboard so that you are aware of the new policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions
regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: privacy@thepapertiger.com
Questions? Chat with us live!
Type your question below to begin a live chat session.
Learn more...
Index Physical Paper Files
There Are Only 5 Options with Paper
Experienced & Dependable
Easy to Setup & Learn
Store Digital Files - PDFs
Find Both with One Search
Search, Share and Organize Online
Stores Digital Files in Google Docs
Least Expensive Online Storage!
Supports Mobile Devices
The Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
FAQs
Paper Tiger Experts
Affiliates Program
Contact us
Connect with us!