http://www.mrexcel.com/cookies-policy
Toggle navigation
MrExcel Home
MrExcel Message Board
Excel Speaker
MrExcel Store
MrExcel News
Excel Tips
MrExcel Resources
Products
Excel Mall
TechTV
The MrExcel Challenge
Learn Excel Resources
Archive
Consulting Services
Search MrExcel
About
About MrExcel
Advertise with MrExcel
Media
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Explore MrExcel.com
A wealth of Excel knowledge at your fingertips...
MrExcel Message Board
Excel Speaker
MrExcel Store
MrExcel News
Excel Tips
MrExcel Resources
Products
Excel Mall
TechTV
The MrExcel Challenge
Learn Excel Resources
Archive
Consulting Services
Search MrExcel
About
About MrExcel
Advertise with MrExcel
Media
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Subscribe to MrExcel Videos on YouTube
Featured Product The Absolute Guide to Dashboarding & Reporting with Power BI
Power Excel Newsletter
Subscribe for new Excel Tips »
1 - 2 times per month
Featured Product Excel Function Wall Clock
Excel Daily News
with Bill Jelen
Cookies Policy
Last Updated: May 24, 2018
Cookies Policy of https://www.mrexcel.com
This website, https://www.mrexcel.com (the "Website"), is operated by MrExcel Publishing.
What are cookies?
Cookies are a small text files that are stored in your web browser that allows MrExcel Publishing or a third party to recognize you. Cookies can be used to collect, store and share bits of information about your activities across websites, including on MrExcel Publishing website.
Cookies might be used for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
To enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising
MrExcel Publishing uses both session cookies and persistent cookies in the entire website also including Message Board and Online Store applications.
A session cookie is used to identify a particular visit to our Website. These cookies expire after a short time, or when you close your web browser after using our Website. We use these cookies to identify you during a single browsing session, such as when you log into our Website.
A persistent cookie will remain on your devices for a set period of time specified in the cookie. We use these cookies where we need to identify you over a longer period of time. For example, we would use a persistent cookie if you asked that we keep you signed in.
How do third parties use cookies on the MrExcel Publishing Website?
Third party companies like analytics companies and ad networks generally use cookies to collect user information on an anonymous basis. They may use that information to build a profile of your activities on the MrExcel Publishing Website and other websites that you've visited.
What are your cookies options?
If you don't like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser's settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies. To learn more about how to do this, visit the help pages of your browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or do not accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies?
You can learn more about cookies by visiting the following third party website:
All About Cookies.org
How can you remove / disable cookies?
Managing your cookies and cookie preferences must be done from within your browser's options/preferences. You can find a list of guides on how to do this for popular browser software in the list below.
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Opera
Tweet
Share
Upcoming Event
Unmasking Excel Two Hour WebinarWEBINAR - 02/11/2021
More Events »
Hot Topics
Please Check my VBA code
12/07/2020 - (32 replies)
Hello
I would like a advanced VBA user to see my code pls.
I am just making simple if functions in VBA, but since I am new it is not that easy to me
Future Revenue Earning Based on Scenarios
12/05/2020 - (29 replies)
Hello! I am looking for someone to design a simple tool to simulate a revenue share agreement.
The excel ( or google sheet) should make it easy for me
VBA to automatically loop through validation list with any change
12/06/2020 - (28 replies)
I have a validation list that when a specific date is selected, it runs a "PasteData" macro.
How do I insert code to automatically loop through all th
highlight active cell Row till "M"
12/02/2020 - (25 replies)
I have VBA code to highlight active Row, it is working very well.
but it is highlight whole Row.
I want hightlight in my data entry range.
my data is
Weird Phone number format question
12/03/2020 - (25 replies)
So I get lists of phone numbers that I need to format in a weird way for batch uploads to our system, like this: +15555555555.
I get the numbers in a
Code to copy and paste all data from specified workbook
12/03/2020 - (25 replies)
I need to first clear all worksheets in active workbook.
Then use the listbox item to open a new specified Workbook.
Then copy all the sheets paste to