http://www.ivisionx.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
IvisionXPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is applicable to the IvisionX.com website, to all resources and other activities offered, empowered by the legal ownership of the IvisionX Inc. corporation, owner of IvisionX.com located in Florida, USA created under national and international legal registration. . The privacy policy must be automatically accepted when browsing our websites or using our resources.Visitors general information to our websites and resources When a user visits the website, our servers automatically save the IP address of their computer. In addition to the IP addresses, information is recorded about the pages of the website that the user visits. If you access the site through a link located on another website, you also save the URL of the link website and the website that can be visited below.Cookies and access monitoring to our sitesIvisionX.com uses cookies, site access monitors and similar technologies to improve and personalize the user experience on the website, for example, to:- Manage and optimize offers through the website;- Present and contribute to calculate and analyze the effectiveness of offers, announcements and emails.- Customize the content and the Advertising Announcements provided to the user through the website.Advertisements - Google advertising cookie and privacy policiesWhat is the DoubleClick DART cookie? Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie in ads served on publisher websites that display AdSense for content ads. When a user accesses an AdSense publisher website and sees or clicks on an ad, they may enter a cookie in their browser. The data that is collected from these cookies is used to help AdSense publishers to better publicize and manage the ads on their sites and the entire Web.What information does our privacy policy contain? The published privacy policy includes the following information about Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:Google, as a third-party provider, uses cookies to publish advertisements on its site.The use of the DART cookie allows Google to publish ads to users who visit its sites and other Internet sites.Users can disable the use of the DART cookie by accessing the Google ad and the content network privacy policy ( only available in English).Since the advertiser's sites and the laws of each country may vary, we can not suggest a specific language for the privacy policy. However, we recommend that you consult resources such as the NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) page or, which suggests the following language for the collection of non-personal information data.Google uses associated advertising companies to post ads when users visit our website It is possible that these companies use the information they obtain from visits to this and other websites (without including name, address, email address or phone number) to offer users advertisements about products and services that are of interest to them. . If you would like more information about this practice and know the options available to you to prevent these companies from using such information, click here.You will find more information in Appendix A of the Normative Author Principles for NAI Publishers (on file) PDF and only available in English). Please note that it is possible for NAI to change the sample language at any time.For more information on the " Cookies Privacy Policy and Google Advertising " visit the following link: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlEmailWe will only register the email addresses that the owner has provided directly to us or when there is no doubt that the addresses have been provided to us or for our use. The email addresses will only be used for the purposes for those who have been provided to us and for the promotional, service or other purposes that the owner has expressly consented to.We will not use the email addresses for commercial purposes without the consent of the owners.Personal Ddata CombinationTo improve our services and the website itself, and for the purposes mentioned this privacy policy, we are authorized to combine the personal data of users, including their address email, as the case may be, with other information about them that we have collected or have been given to us.Claims
If any user wishes to access the information we possess about him, he must send a written request signed in pdf format and a copy of at least one international identification to Claims IvisionX.com via email: support [@] ivisionx.com and our technical support team with our lawyers will review your request within 48 to 72 hours will respond to your request. Short Link HereRightsWe reserve the right to modify our privacy policy. The modifications will take effect from the moment of their publication on the website. Users should check the website regularly for changes.The Internet is a global environment and its use necessarily involves the registration and processing of personal data on an international scale. Therefore, by using the website, the user admits and consents that we process their personal data in this way.Our websites will not intentionally store personal information of persons under 13 years of age. When necessary, minors users will be instructed not to send any personal details and we will also do everything possible to eliminate any data of these users in the cases in which their parents or guardians inform us that the registration has taken place. of said details. This privacy policy shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States of America and was passed in favor of the IvisionX.com website and related third parties (Affiliates, Advertisers or others in general).ConclusionesAs a conclusion, the breach of the Terms and Conditions of use of this website or other norms and rules named above will give us the right to block your access to the website in whole or in part without prior notice. If you wish to contact us, you can do so via email: support [@] ivisionx.com and within 12 to 48 hours a response will be given to your request.