http://www.ebridgesoft.com/privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Home /
Privacy
eBRIDGE Software Inc. collects personal information such as name, title, company, address, phone, number, email address and website address. This information is collected via optional forms on our website or in response to specific requests or purchases.
eBRIDGE Software utilizes personal information so that we may send newsletters, correspondence, promotional materials, surveys and other updates regularly. An individual may, at anytime, opt out of receiving such information. We also use collected information to evaluate and administer our service and to gauge user trends.
We may extend offers on behalf of our partners about a particular product or service that may be of interest to you, but we will never give out your name or information at anytime.
eBRIDGE Software is dedicated to keeping information collected confidential and secure. eBRIDGE operates on the principles by which we protect the confidential information in our possession and respect our rights to this information.
eBRIDGE Software is committed to meeting the requirements for data protection and privacy as outlined by the GDPR. As such, eBRIDGE fully protects consumer and personal data across EU nations and the rest of the world, and meets the standards set by the GDPR for handling the processing and movement of EU citizens' data. We fully comply with all requirements of the GDPR including requiring consent of subjects for data processing, anonymizing collected data to protect privacy, and providing data breach notifications. Our integration platform is fully secure, and hosted on enterprise-trusted Microsoft Azure, ensuring the safe handling and transferring of data across borders.
How our advertising cookies work
These cookies store information on the behavior of users obtained through the continuous observation of their browsing habits, which allows the development of a specific profile in order to display different advertisements based on such profiling process.
It is also possible that by visiting a website or by opening an e-mail where an advertisement or promotion about our services is displayed, a cookie will be installed in your browser that will be useful to show to the user some other advertisements related to the searches that it has carried out, to develop a control of our advertising in connection, for example, with the number of times each advertisement is displayed, where or at what time it is displayed etc.
This processing is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are to provide a user-friendly and meaningful online experience which fulfils your expectations and needs as well as our own interests
Third-party cookies
Together with our server logs and other web analysis programs, analytical cookies enable eBridge Connections to ascertain the total number of users visiting the website and the most popular areas. Thanks to them, eBridge Connections can obtain information to improve browsing and offer a better service to users. We used third-party platforms to deliver targeted advertising, marketing (which may include in-product messaging) or information to you which may be useful to you, based on your use of our applications and services.
These cookies are used to deliver advertisements more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operators’ permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers.