http://www.realtaxtools.com/privacy.htm
Real Business Solutions, Inc. Privacy Statement and Terms of Use
Home
PAYROLL SOFTWARE
W2 SOFTWARE
1099 SOFTWARE
Contact Us
Live Chat
sales@realtaxtools.com1-800-507-1992
Real Business SolutionsPO Box 1010Orland Park, IL USA 60462
info@realtaxtools.com1-708-479-8731
support@realtaxtools.com708-590-6376
Fax1-708-590-0910
Real Business Solutions, Inc. Privacy Statement and Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions of Use
Real Business Solutions, Inc. Privacy Statement
Real Business Solutions Inc. takes privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from our website visitors, and customers.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy you can contact Real Business Solutions, Inc. at:
PO Box 1010
Orland Park, IL USA 60462
1-708-479-8731
sales@realtaxtools.com
Why does Real Business Solutions Inc. need to collect personal information?
Real Business Solutions Inc. collects certain personal information in order to meet the needs of its customers. We collect this information strictly for the purpose of delivering the highest level of customer service and technical support. By collecting certain personal information, Real Business Solutions Inc. is able to monitor and improve the services it offers to its existing and potential customers. We will use this information for the following purposes; compliance and regulatory requirements, account information, technical support, services and correspondence. On occasion, we may notify our customers about specials and promotions.
How do we collect information?
(1) Any time a user accesses our website or download any of our products we maintain a non-personal data file of all visitors including location and web-pages visited and time spent on each page and products downloaded and reviewed. We do not require our website visitors to register in order to download our software demos or trials.
(2) Any time a customer places an order for any product we maintain their name and address and contact information and product purchased.
(3) We don't store credit card numbers or expiration dates.
(4) Any time a customer contacts our company by any means we update the customer account to include any questions or suggestion or requests.
(5) We will not sell, rent or lease your information to other companies.
Third party services.
We do use third party services including but not limited to: PayPal, Fedex, and other companies to process our payments, provide our products and deliver our products and services. These third party companies are only provided the information needed to perform the service.
How do we use this information?
Real Business Solutions Inc. will use information collected to service our customers and deliver our products and services in an efficient way including but not limited to compiling feedback and customers suggestions, to inform customers of new releases, updates, service packs, downloads and on occasion special offers. We also use this information to upgrade our products and services to better meet our customers' needs, and compile non-personal information about our customers.
You can request in writing to have your name removed from our mailing list by sending an email to sales@realtaxtools.com.
By accessing this website, you consent to Real Business Solutions Inc. privacy policy as published.
Amendments to Policy
Real Business Solutions Inc. reserves the right to change this policy at any time for any reason and will publish the updated policy as soon as it becomes effective.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Read the following terms and conditions before reading or using this web site. By accessing and using Real Business Solutions Inc. Web site, you agree to all of the following terms and conditions and you will be subject to all applicable Federal, State, Local and International Laws or any other applicable laws. If you don't consent to those rules, conditions and laws, you are required to leave this web site immediately.
Copyright
The entire information, designs, logos, layout, text, graphics, material or any other contents available on this web-site at any page in any form or shape is owned by Real Business Solutions Inc., and protected by the United States and International copyright laws.
Trade Marks
All trademarks, trade names are the sole property of Real Business Solutions Inc., all other trademarks and names are owned by their respective owners.
Software Download
Any software product available for download from this website is subject to the End User License Agreement, which accompanies or is included with the software. You may not install the software until you have read and accepted the terms of the software End User License Agreement.
Limited Liability
Although the material on this web site has been carefully researched for accuracy we don't make any warranties related to the accuracy of this information as rules and regulations constantly change. And therefore Real Business Solutions Inc. can't be held liable or subject to consequential damages from the use of any material or software available on this web-site.
Privacy
Real Business Solutions Inc. takes privacy seriously. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from our website visitors, and customers.The Real Business Solutions, Inc. Privacy Statement describes how we use and protect information you provide us.
Conduct while using the web site
The use of improper language, including but not limited to abusive language, hate speech, bullying, threatening language, and harassment in any form or shape including but not limited to e-mails, chat or phone conversations, is strictly prohibited and will be immediately reported to the proper authorities.
Third Party links
While using this web site you might be directed to use third party web sites, in that case you are required to adhere to those web sites rules and regulations. You agree to hold harmless without limitation Real Business Solutions Inc. employees, directors, officers, representatives and suppliers from any damages expenses or losses resulting from the use of this web site in any form or shape or the material available on this web site.
Contacting Real Business Solutions Inc.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the above-referenced Terms and Conditions of Use or the content of this website, you can contact Real Business Solutions, Inc. at:
PO Box 1010
Orland Park, IL USA 60462
1-708-479-8731
sales@realtaxtools.com
© Copyright 2016 Real Business Solutions.
All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement and Terms of Use. Uninstall Instructions. Return Policy