http://www.launchconnect.com/privacy-policy
HOME
ABOUT
Meet the Principal
LaunchConnect Difference
SERVICES
Fax Services
LaunchFax
SingleFax
Fax To Email
Email Broadcasting
LaunchMailerPro
Email to Fax
Voice Broadcasting
MessageCastPro
Conference Call Services
Demonstrations
Downloads
GET A QUOTE
CONTACT US
NEWS FLASH: Launchfax.com is now LaunchConnect - Same commitment to service, expanded offerings and a new look.
This is the web site of LaunchConnect.
Our postal address is
623 River Road
Fair Haven, New Jersey 07704
We can be reached via e-mail at support@launchconnect.com or you can reach us by telephone at 732-450-3688
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number.
The information we collect is used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by writing to us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Copyright ©
LaunchConnect 2011
Privacy Policy    Sitemap    Contact UsManaged by JumarMarketing, LLC