http://www.hexamail.com/privacy.html
Hexamail
Products
Downloads
Pricing
Customers
Support
Resellers
Toggle navigation
Hexamail respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that visit Hexamail's web site and customers of Hexamail.
Privacy is of great concern to most users of the Internet, and especially email. Hexamail are acutely aware of and sensitive to the privacy concerns of
visitors to our Web site. Whether you are a customer of our various products or a visitor to our site, we assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.
Please note that our site contains links to other sites. Hexamail is not responsible for the privacy practices, privacy statements, or content regarding these other sites.
Information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party, as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy").
What Information Will Hexamail Gather?
We do not collect any personal information from a visitor to our site unless that visitor explicitly and intentionally provides it.
Under no circumstances do we collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, or sex life. If you are simply browsing our site, we do not gather any personal information about you.
Any voluntary, explicitly collected information will be from forms on this web site or through email correspondence with Hexamail.
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits www.hexamail.com or forums.hexamail.com we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting either of our websites. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by the Hexamail
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics_utma_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Hexamail site cookie acceptanceHXMCookiesAccepted
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on the Hexamail website.
Hexamail Basket Session cookie
PHPSESSID
This cookie is essential to allow customers to build a basket of products to purchase before proceeding to the checkout screens
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout..
What Will Hexamail Use My Information For?
Hexamail will only use your contact details in correspondence with you directly about Hexamail's own products.
If you are enrolling for a trial of Hexamail software, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. Please note, however, that we are asking for this information for the limited purposes of creating your licence, and authenticating your identity in order to issue you with the licence.
This information is stored solely for the purpose of tracking these licenses and their expiry.
Sales information is stored as required by the tax law of Hexamail's operating country, the United Kingdom.
Some examples of how we may use your information:
Sending you responses and updates
We generally respond to any e-mail questions, requests for product or service information, and other inquiries that we receive. We may also retain this correspondence to improve our products, services, and Web site, and for other disclosed purposes. Frequently we retain contact information so that we can send individuals updates or other important information about our products.
Facilitating the support, renewal, and purchase of our products
We may use the information you submit to contact you to discuss the support, renewal, and purchase of our products and services.
Validating your identity
Some information collected is to verify you are who you say you are for licence generation
Forming the encrypted contents of a Licence
Your name, company name, address and contact information is encrypted into generated licence keys.
If we are required to disclose by law
If we are required by law to disclose certain information to local, state, federal, national or international law enforcement authorities, we will do so (for example, we may disclose the identity of purchasers of certain software products to the UK Customs and Excise, as required under the terms of our taxation laws).
Surveys
From time-to-time we may request information from customers via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of, and satisfaction with this Web site, and improving our product offerings.
With Whom Does Hexamail Share Information?
No-one.
Be assured that we do not provide or sell information about our customers or site visitors to ANY OTHER vendors or third parties for any reason whatsoever. Unless you specifically ask us to!
Gmail and other Google data
If you choose to use our software to access Gmail or Google hosted data our software's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
Hexamail server and client products using Google APIs to access Google hosted data will never transfer your Google data to any other computer system unless configured by you to do so.
Solutions
Email Security
Archiving, Risk and Compliance
Migration and Connectivity
Automation
Productivity
Products
Hexamail Guard
Hexamail Vault
Hexamail Server
Hexamail Nexus
Hexamail POP3 Downloader
Company
About us
Contact us
Privacy
EULA
Sitemap
© Hexamail Ltd. All rights reserved