https://www.sandtechnology.com/about-sand/privacy-policy-2/
Nucleus
Integration
Performance
Scalability
Support
Free Version
Free Version Download
Free Version EULA
Documentation
Contact Us
About SAND
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Home »  About SAND »  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated Aug 6, 2020
SAND Technology. (referred to as “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We believe in transparency and are committed to informing you about how we treat your Personal Information.
This Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Company’s website, sandtechnology.com and its related web-based applications and services (collectively, “Service”) we may offer to you. This Policy governs the use and sharing of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) when an individual is using the Service.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the Service and applies solely to information collected by this Service. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. Revisions are effective upon posting and your use of the Service subsequent to our revision of this Policy shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of any revised terms. You should periodically review this Policy carefully.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN THIS REGARD. BY USE OF THIS SERVICE, YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
Our Role in Protecting the Privacy and Security of Your Personal Information
The Company is responsible for adhering to applicable data protection principles and laws and to safeguarding the Personal Information that you provide to us through the Website.
Collection and Use of Information
All data created and maintained to provide the Service will only be used or disclosed to provide the Service, to personalize or continually improve user experience related to the Service, to respond to your requests, to provide customer support, or to notify you about changes to the Service we offer or provide, or as required by law or court order. We may request and store certain types of Personal Information when you use this Service. We only collect information that is voluntarily provided by you and necessary to provide the Service.
The types of Personal Information gathered depends on the utilization of the Service. The types of information we may collect include:
Contact Information, for certain Services, we may collect Personal Information, such as name, email address, mailing address, postal/zip code, telephone number, job title, or other identifiers, from all users to provide the Services.
User Account Information, certain Services may require you to register. To register you will be required to provide certain Personal Information. You may also be required to create a user name and password. You should not disclose your password to anyone. For password protected areas, we capture information including the user name and date, time and/or length of visit. If you email us with questions or concerns, we will maintain your email address.
Business Contact Information, such as contact information, job title, job role and other Personal Information in order to respond to your requests and provide content you have requested for yourself or on behalf of your organization.
Location Information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, internet tags, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or other beacon technology, or other similar location-tracking technologies. We collect this information to assist with analytics, content development and to maintain and improve the security of the Services.
Cookies and Similar Technologies, which are small files and other data collection and tracking technologies that enable certain website functions. We use these technologies to track user behavior on the Services, to compile statistical reports on Service activity and to maintain and improve the security of the Service. For further information, see the Cookies and Similar Technologies section of this Notice.
Sharing, Disclosure and Use of Your Personal Information: In addition to the uses described above, the Company uses the Personal Information we collect in the following ways:
To manage our relationship with you, including administering your account and taking other steps necessary for the performance of our business relationship in providing the Service;
To market our services to you. We will only provide you with marketing-related information, including by email, after you have consented to receive those communications and will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of such communications at any time;
We may share your information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, or divisions and with their respective officers, directors, employees, accountants, attorneys, and agents to provide the Service;
We may share data with subcontractors to help us provide the Service. All such third parties are required by contract to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using Personal Information, except to provide services to us or as required by law. Furthermore, we utilize fully de-identified aggregate data for data analysis, meaning all personal identifiers are removed from the data prior to analysis;
We may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it. There may be instances when we may access or disclose Personal Information in order to protect or defend the legal rights or our property, and its affiliated companies or their employees and agents, to protect the safety and security of users, and to protect against fraud;
We do not sell personally identifiable data under any circumstances without your express permission. We, however, may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets in connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy. In such an event, Personal Information may be one of the assets transferred. Any successor entity shall be subject to the same commitments in the Policy for the previously collected Personal Information.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose to which you have consented or for which we have a legitimate and lawful basis under the law.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use “cookies,” which are small files stored on your computer’s hard drive that are used to store and track Personal Information. We may use cookies to certain perform tasks, such as monitoring aggregate site usage metrics, storing and remembering your passwords (if you allow us to do so), storing account preferences that you have set, and personalizing the Service we make available to you. Many browsers can notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the option to accept it or not. By not accepting cookies, you may not be permitted to access certain information and some web pages may not display properly.
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This part describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
This site may use YouTube which is one of the largest internet video platforms in the world. We embed video on our site that may result in cookies being presented from YouTube.
For more information on YoutTube cookies see the office YouTube page.
This site may have video from Vimeo embedded in it. Vimeo is one of the largest video hosting, sharing and streaming websites in the world. As a result of our use of Vimeo cookies from them may be presented from them.
For more information on Vimeo cookies see the official Vimeo page.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not, it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods mentioned at the end of this article.
Cookies and IP address collection: Our web server collects and stores the following general information about you: the domain from which you access the Internet; the date and time you access our website; the pages you visit; the Internet address of the website that linked you directly to us; and the type of device and web browser you use to access our website. This information may be collected automatically. It may be used to help us improve the Service by tabulating the number of visitors in terms of new users, origin of referrers, popularity of pages, amount of use, and types of errors, and to make the Service more useful to you.
Third Party Websites
This privacy policy does not apply to any third party websites or to other companies or persons. Links from the Service may contain links to, and media and other content from, other sites. In addition, such third-party media and content may also contain external links. WE CANNOT AND DO NO GUARANTEE THE PRIVACY POLICIES AND PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY. We do not control, operate, or endorse any information, products, or services of any third-party websites that may be reached through links from the Service. The use of any Personal Information provided by you to such a third party will be governed by that party’s privacy policy. You should review the privacy policy at each linked website to determine how that website treats your Personal Information.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information provided to us is encrypted and stored on our private, secure servers behind firewalls. Access to the network is strictly controlled and has industry standard administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place. We work hard to ensure that the data we collect is reliable, accurate, complete and current. We use Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements. We also limit access to Personal Information only to specific employees, contractors, and agents who have a reasonable need to come into contact with your information.
The safety and security of your Personal Information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect User information and uses a secure connection to our servers, which are protected by firewalls to prevent unauthorized break-ins. The Service is protected by the Verisign Security Certificate. The administrative system, authentication system, and sensitive user information are encrypted using SSL encryption of HTTP data. Unfortunately, data transmission over the internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. GIVEN THE INHERENT OPERATION AND STRUCTURE OF THE INTERNET, USER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ALL TRANSMISSIONS ARE DONE AT ITS OWN RISK.
Storage Location of Personal Information
The Company stores and processes personal data in both Canada and the United States. While the data protection, privacy and other laws of Canada and the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take necessary and appropriate steps to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. By using our Website or requesting services from us, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of your personal information to our facilities in Canada, the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Notice.
Your Access to and Control over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you. Please note that we may not be able to delete your information in the event that the information is remains necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or another legal basis applies.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Contact Information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information we have gathered, please email info@sandtechnology.com. We want to make sure your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
If you have questions, need additional data, or have concerns about our privacy practices, cookie policy or anything else please contact us at info@sandtechnology.com.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy notice, you should contact us immediately via email at info@sandtechnology.com. You may have rights under your local laws to file complaints with your local data protection authority should you wish to do so.
Copyright ©2020 SAND TechnologyA division of N. Harris Computer CorporationTerms of use. Privacy policy.
Invert Theme By SketchThemes
This Website Uses Cookies.In order to provide a better user experience, this website uses cookies and similar technology to save your preferences and store session information to keep you logged in. To learn more about this, please review our Privacy Policy.By clicking "I Accept," dismissing this message, or continuing to use this site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them. I ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.