http://www.elra.info/en/about/elda-privacy-policy/
Menu
About
The association
ELRA Board
Bye-laws
Election of the Individual Board Member
ELRA Statutes
Missions of ELRA
History
ELRA Nebula
ELDA
Structure of the company
What is a Language Resource?
Contact us
ELDA Privacy Policy
Join Elra
New Membership Drive
Members' Benefits
Membership Fees
Rewarding our Faithful Institutional Members
Membership Fidelity Program (discontinued)
Individual Membership
Catalogues
ELRA Catalogue
Purchase from ELRA Catalogue
Order Procedure
META-SHARE
LRE Map
R&D Catalogue
Universal Catalogue
Language Resources Announcements
Free Resources
Nepali Corpora
ISLRN
What is ISLRN?
ISLRN Steering Committee
ISLRN Assigned to LRs
Services
Identification
Distribution
Licensing
Production
Validation
Standards & Best Practices
Validation Committee
Legal Support Helpdesk
License Wizard
Data Management Plan
Projects
Current Projects
European Language Grid
MAPA
ELRC3
Covid-19 MLIA Initiative
ATCO2
Archived Projects
Amaryllis
AURORA
Avise
CHIL
CLARA Evaluation Workshop
CLEF
CLEF Tasks
TrebleCLEF
C-ORAL-ROM
CRACKER
DOXA
ECESS
ELRC: European Language Resources Consortium
ELRC+ L2
ELRC+ L3
ELRI
Atelier ELRI
ELRI Stakeholder Conference
ENABLER
ETAPE
Euromap
EVALDA
Filtrage
FLaReNet
GEMA
INFILE
INTERA
ISLE
Khresmoi
MEDAR
META-NET
MLi
Multilingual Semantics
Network-DC
OrienTel
Overview of existing LRs for languages spoken in France
Languages & Digital 2016 and 2017 calls for projects
Panacea
PASSAGE
PEA-TRAD
PORT-MEDIA
Prisme
Production of LRs
Promise
REPERE
Review of the existing LRs for languages of France
Speecon
SST Evaluation
TC-STAR
Partnerships
Collaboration Agreement with CLARIN ERIC
META-SHARE: Official Launch
Resource Management Agency
ODRL Community Group
ILC-ELRA
Vigdís International Centre of Multilingualism and Intercultural Understanding
LREC
Proceedings
LREC2020 Proceedings - Group 1
LREC2020 Proceedings - Group 2
LREC2020 Proceedings - Group 3
LREC2020 Proceedings - Group 4
LREC2020 Proceedings - Group 5
ELRA Antonio Zampolli Prize
Call for Nominations LREC 2018
Case for support
Prize Statutes
Fred Jelinek 1932-2010
Invited Speakers
Shared Language Resources
The NLP4NLP Corpus
Associated Events
IWSDS2020
ELRA Events
LT4All
Celebrating 25th Anniversary
Supported Events
ELRA Evaluation Workshops
ELRA NLP12 Meeting
NLP12 Participating Organisations
NLP12 Meeting Agenda
NLP12 Paris Declaration
TLRF 2015
Legal Issues Workshop at LREC2016
Dissemination
HLT Evaluation
Overview
Technologies
Evaluation matrix
evaluation graph
Newsletters
ELDA Publications
Language Resources and Evaluation Journal
ELRA Activity Reports
Press Releases
ELRA announces that MEDIA data are now available for free for academic research
New LR Agreement with SpeechOcean
ELRC Language Resources in the ELRA Catalogue
Announcing New ELRA Board
CLARIN ERIC & ELRA enter a Collaboration Agreement
The new ELRA Catalogue of Language Resources now opening
ReTeLe & ELRA join forces
IULA adopts ISLRN
ELRA and LDC partner on a joint distribution of LRs from the 2006 CoNLL shared task.
RMA adopts ISLRN
ELRA and LDC partner to implement ISLRN
JRC, First important LR player: First to adopt the ISLRN initiative
Licences for Europe
ELRA License Wizard
ISLRN assigned to LRE Map 2016 LRs
The ISLRN: an increasingly widespread persistent identifier
Meetings
International Expert Meeting
on Improving Access to Multilingual Cyberspace
STOA Workshop on Language Equality in the Digital Age
InfoDay about Language Technologies
Legal Issues Papers
What’s new in the Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
EC adopts new standard license for online content
ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC35 on user interfaces
SIG
Special Interest Group: Under-resourced Languages
Opportunities
FAQ
You are here »
About »
ELDA Privacy Policy
ELDA Newsletters Privacy Policy
Share this page!
Preamble
Data protection is a priority for the ELDA Team.
We make our best efforts to ensure that our processing of your personal data complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, hereinafter: GDPR) and with specific regulations applicable in France.
The purpose of this page is to provide you with information regarding the processing of your personal data for the purposes of our Newsletters.
I.    Who Are We and How to Contact Us?
Evaluations and Language resources Distribution Agency (ELDA)9 Rue des Cordelières75013 Parisprivacy@elda.org
II.    What Data Do We Process to Send Our Newsletters and How We Collect Them
The only piece of personal information related to you that we process to send our newsletters is your e-mail address.The e-mail addresses we use to send our newsletters can be obtained in several ways:
either in the registration process, when you register to one of the events that we organize on a regular basis, including the LREC conference;
or when you contact us via e-mail to request information about our services and resources;
or when you meet a member of our team in professional context and personally communicate to him or her your e-mail address (e.g. by exchange of business cards).
We interpret such behavior as an expression of interest in our activities, and therefore include your e-mail address on our newsletter lists.
III.    Why Do We Process Your Data?
We send our newsletters (which involves processing of your personal data) regularly in order to keep you informed about new language resources available in our catalogue, recent progress in our projects, the many events we organize and co-organize, and other developments you (as a member of the language resources community) may find interesting.
IV.    Legal Basis for Processing
We process your personal data on the basis of art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, i.e. with your consent for the specific processing purpose. Your consent for the processing of your e-mail address is express or implied from your behavior (one of the actions listed in section II of this document).In special circumstances, we may process your personal data on the basis of art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR; in such rare cases, our legitimate interest in carrying out the processing is to provide a better service to all members of the language resources community.
V.    Data Storage Period
We will store your e-mail address for as long as we keep sending newsletters. However, you are free to ask us to erase your e-mail address from our lists at any moment. In such a case, your e-mail address will be deleted within a reasonable period of time.
VI.    No Transfer
The list of e-mail addresses that we send our newsletters to is stored on our servers in Paris, France and will not be transferred to anyone.
VII.    No Automated Decision-Making
We do not use any form of profiling or automated decision-making.
VIII.    Your Rights with Regards to the Processing of Your Personal Data
The GDPR grants you some important rights with regards to the processing of your personal data. These rights are summarized below (you are invited to consult the relevant articles of the GDPR for more information):a)    right of information (art. 13 and 14 of the GDPR): you have the right to be provided with certain information about the processing of your personal data. We did our best to include all this information in this Privacy Policy; the main purpose of this document is to safeguard your right of information; b)    right of access (art. 15 of the GDPR): you have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether we process your personal data, as well as information on the categories of data we process, how and why we do that etc. You can also request a copy of your personal data that we process, for which we may charge you a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. In order to exercise your right of access, contact us at privacy@elda.org; c)    right to rectification (art. 16 of the GDPR): if your personal data that we process are incomplete or inaccurate, you have the right to obtain from us rectification of such data without undue delay. In order to exercise your right to rectification, contact us at privacy@elda.org; d)    right of erasure (right to be forgotten – art. 17 of the GDPR): in certain circumstances (e.g. if we process your data unlawfully or unnecessarily) you may obtain from us erasure of your personal data; e)    right to restriction of processing (art. 18 of the GDPR): in certain circumstances (e.g. if you contest accuracy of your data that we process or lawfulness of the processing) you may obtain from us restriction of processing of your data. Such data will not be erased, but in principle can only be processed with your consent; f)    right to data portability (art. 20 of the GDPR): you may request us to transmit your data that we process to another controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; g)    right to object (art. 21 of the GDPR): if you did not consent to the processing, or if it is not necessary to comply with a legal obligation, you may always object to it, in which case we shall no longer process your data; h)    right not to be subject to automated individual decision-making, including profiling (art. 22 of the GDPR): you have the right not to be subject to automated individual decision-making, including profiling. As expressly stated above, we do not resort to such activities.Moreover, you have the right to: i)    withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time (art. 7(3) of the GDPR) by contacting us at privacy@elda.org. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal; j)    lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Links
Tags
data protection
GDPR
privacy policy
Latest News
New LR in ELRA Catalogue
Dec. 3, 2020
LREC 2020 Workshop CLLRD goes virtual
Dec. 2, 2020
New LRs in the ELRA Catalogue
Oct. 9, 2020
Second ELG Open Call for Pilot Projects
Oct. 1, 2020
New LR in the ELRA Catalogue
Sept. 4, 2020
Archive
Tag Cloud
associationcataloguecomputational linguisticsconferencedata collectiondata protectiondigital humanitiesdistributionELRAELRA BoardELRA memberevaluationevaluation packagefeesfreeGDPRidentificationidentifierinformation retrievalislrnjoinlanguage resourceslanguage technologieslegal issueslicenseslicensingLRECmachine translationmeetingminority languagesNLPparsingproductionresearchsharingspeech recognitionspeech synthesisvalidation
ELRA Tweets
Tweets by @ELRAnews