http://www.vapor.com/pages/privacy-policy
Shop by ProductHot & New
Earn and Save
Welcome!
Live Chat
Skip to content
Are you 21 or over?
No Yes
Thanks
We'll send you an email shortly confirming your subscribtion!
Home
My Account
Shop by Product
expand
Vaporizers
expand
Portable
Vape Pens
Desktop
Vape Mods
Hot & New
View All
Pipes & Rigs
expand
Spoon Pipes
Beakers
Bubblers
Steamrollers
Rigs
View All
Grinders
expand
Metal
Wood
Acrylic
Electric
Rolling Papers
expand
Papers & Wraps
Trays
CBD
expand
Cookies CBD
O.Pen
Bloom Farms
Mary's Nutritionals
All
Luggage & Storage
expand
Revelry
Evak
CVault
Boveda
CloudTen
Vape Case
Infusion Machines
expand
Magical Butter
Ardent
Parts
expand
Balloon Bags
Batteries
Chargers
Mouthpieces
Atomizers
Shop by Brand
expand
Shop All
PAX
Storz & Bickel
Grenco Science
KandyPens
Arizer
DaVinci
Higher Standards
AirVape
Firefly
Puffco
Dr. Dabber
Shop by Price
expand
Under $60
$60 to $100
$100 to $150
$150 to $200
Over $200
Hot & New
On Sale
Contests
Blog
Need Help
GREENLANE ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED: January 1, 2020
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy addresses how Greenlane Holdings, LLC and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “Company,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect:
Through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”);
Through our social media pages and apps that we control from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Social Media Pages”);
Through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy; and
Through offline business interactions you may have with us.
Collectively, we refer to the Websites, Social Media Pages, emails and offline business interactions as the “Services”.
Within this Policy you will find:
Who We Are
Personal Information
Collection of Personal Information
Use of Personal Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Cookies and Other Information
Security
Choices and Access
Retention Period
Third Party Services
Age Verification
Use of Services by Minors
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfers
Sensitive Information
Third Party Payment Services
Updates to This Privacy Policy
Contacting Us
Additional Information Regarding the EEA
Additional Information Regarding California
WHO WE ARE
In the Privacy Policy, the terms “Greenlane”, “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Greenlane Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates. You can consult the list and location of our subsidiaries and affiliates in our most recent 10Q or 10K filing here
For further information about us or this Privacy Policy, please use contact details in the Contacting Us section below.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual
Name;
Postal address (including billing and shipping addresses);
Telephone number;
Email address;
Payment information;
Account information (including your name and contact details, as well as any account preferences you have created within your account);
Date of birth, and other information included in a government-issued identification;
Transaction history (which shows us products and services you have requested, payments and credits and any returns processed);
Location data (for example, a location is derived from your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or data such as a zip code or name of a town or city);
Your browsing history (if you have given us permission, we may collect the categories of websites you have browsed on your device(s), and use this information to send you personalized marketing or advertising. You can learn more about this and your ability to opt-out in the Cookies and Other Information section of this Privacy Policy);
Information you provide on any Website page or other online sharing platforms, such as photos, comments, ratings and other information you choose to submit with us;
Profile picture;
Social media account ID, photos, posts and other account content; and
Any other information you voluntarily provide so that we can communicate with you (for example, when you contact us to provide customer feedback).
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We and our service providers collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through the Services
We collect Personal Information through the Services, for example, when you sign up for a newsletter, register an account to access the Services, or make a purchase.
Offline
We collect Personal Information from you offline, e.g. place an order over the phone, or contact customer service.
From Other Sources
We receive your Personal Information from other sources, for example:
Publicly available databases;
If you connect your social media account to your Services account, you will share certain Personal Information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be or you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your Services account.
We need to collect Personal Information in order to provide the requested Services to you. If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the Services. If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We and our service providers use Personal Information for legitimate business purposes including:
Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests.
To provide the Services’ functionality to you, such as arranging access to your registered account, and providing you with related customer service.
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, when you contact us via one of our online contact forms or otherwise, for example, when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request a quote for or other information about our Services.
To complete your transactions, and provide you with related customer service.
To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Providing you with our newsletter and/or other marketing materials and facilitating social sharing
To send you marketing related emails, with information about our services, new products and other news about our company.
To facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use. For example, when you comment on any Website page. This informs us about who you are and how to contact you in case we want to follow up with you on your comment (for more information, please visit our
Terms of Use)
We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest.
Analysis of Personal Information for business reporting and providing personalized services.
To analyze or predict our users’ preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve our Services.
To better understand you, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests.
To better understand your preferences so that we can deliver content via our Services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you.
We will provide personalized services either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest.
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions.
We may offer you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion.
Some of these promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your Personal Information.We use this information to manage our contractual relationship with you.
Aggregating and/or anonymizing Personal Information.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
Accomplishing our business purposes.
For data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our Services;
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;
For fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
For developing new products and services;
For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current products and services;
For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users;
For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users; and
For operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests;
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose Personal Information:
To our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You can consult the list and location of our affiliates in our most recent 10Q or 10K filing here
To our third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us.
These can include providers of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology, marketing management, financial services, age-verification services and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services.
By using the Services, you may elect to disclose Personal Information.
On message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages and any Website page). Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.
Through your social sharing activity. When you connect your Services account with your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so:
To comply with applicable law and regulations.
This can include laws outside your country of residence.
To cooperate public and government authorities.
To respond to a request or to provide information we believe is important
These can include authorities outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with law enforcement.
For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important.
For other legal reasons.
To enforce our terms and conditions; and
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In connection with a sale or business transaction.
We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your Personal Information to third parties in connection with any actual or potential reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
COOKIES AND OTHER INFORMATION
In addition to Personal Information, we and our third-party partners, also collect certain Other Information when you visit our Websites, use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. This includes:
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific
identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Other Information
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Using cookies
We typically collect this information through first and third party cookies. Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, links clicked on, language preferences, product history and purchases, and other traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. For example, in order to purchase a product on our Websites, you add items to your shopping cart and then proceed through checkout. We use cookies so that our Websites will recognize you and keep track of your order status as you navigate through the checkout process, and to keep your shopping cart contents available should you return to purchase after leaving the session. These cookies do not contain or track sensitive information such as your payment information. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. Cookies further allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the Services. We may also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our ads. We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.
Through your browser or device:
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Analytics:
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners, and exercise the opt-out provided by Google by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
IP Address
Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Physical Location
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the Contacting Us section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from:
Receiving electronic communications from us: We will only send you marketing-related email communications consistent with your preferences. The ability to opt in/out of such communications is available at check-out and within your account. You can also stop receiving marketing email communications from us by sending an email to privacy@gnln.com with subject “Unsubscribe”.
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt- out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out.
How you can access, change or delete your Personal Information
If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Information, object to the processing of Personal Information, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), please send an email to privacy@gnln.com. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. If you are a California resident, please refer to the “Additional Information Regarding California” section at the end of this Policy for more information about the requests you may make under the CCPA. In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, or whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion).
RETENTION PERIOD
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our Social Media Pages.
AGE VERIFICATION
Some of the products that we sell on our Services are highly regulated and age-restricted. We are required and committed to preventing sales to anyone under the legal purchasing age. We will only send you marketing materials and information that encourage or facilitate a purchase of our products after you have certified that 1) you are of legal purchasing age for the product you wish to purchase, and 2) that you understand that providing false information may constitute a violation of the law. Before you can make a purchase from a product specific newsletter mailing list, we will verify your age through a non-affiliated third-party service provider to perform an age and identify verification check for adherence to this requirement. We utilize these trusted verification services to verify the information that you provide and ensure that you qualify to access and purchase products from the Services. This process has been developed with your privacy in mind with detailed information neither shared nor accessible. In some cases, in compliance with applicable law, we may require that you provide a government-issued identification (“ID”) or other forms of valid ID. If through the third-party verification service we are not able to verify your age and/or identity, you will be requested to upload a copy of your government ID so that our team can manually verify your date of birth. Photo ID’s are uploaded to our third-party partner’s secure database and we simply process the result that they provide – we do not receive a file with your ID to be stored on our servers or database.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of twenty-one (21), and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 21.
JURISDICTION AND CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information. Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
THIRD PARTY PAYMENT SERVICES
We may use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your Personal Information will be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. The LAST UPDATED legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
Greenlane Holdings, LLC located at 1095 Broken Sound Parkway NW #300, Boca Raton, FL 33487, is the company responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at privacy@gnln.com, or by post at:
Greenlane 1095 Broken Sound Parkway NW, Suite 300Boca Raton, Florida 33487
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE EEA
You may also lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available here.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING CALIFORNIA
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), we are providing the following additional details:
We collected and disclosed the following categories of Personal Information of our customers, prospective customers, visitors to our websites, social media pages, and stores and other premises, and other individuals who engage with our Services, in the preceding 12 months:
Category
We Collect
We Disclosure
A. Identifiers such as real name, alias, postal address, online identifier, IP address, email address, account name (including for social media) and driver’s license or other government- issued ID number (solely for the purposes of required age verification – see Age Verification above).
YES
YES
B. Personal information as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, account information, profile picture and social media account ID, and driver’s license or other government-issued ID information (solely for the purposes of required age verification – see Age Verification above).
YES
YES
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age.
YES
YES
D. Commercial information, such as transaction information, purchase history, financial details and payment information.
YES
YES
E. Biometric information, such as fingerprints and voiceprints.
NO
NO
F. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our Websites, applications, systems, emails and advertisements.
YES
YES
G. Geolocation data, such as device location and IP location.
YES
YES
H. Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as call recordings and CCTV footage created for quality assurance, safety and security purposes.
YES
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
NO
NO
J. Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records.
NO
NO
K. Inferences drawn from any of the personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
NO
NO
As described above in Collection of Personal Information, we collected this Personal Information from you, our affiliates, publicly available databases and social media providers (when you make this public and/or elect to share this information with us). Also as described above in Use of Personal Information and Disclosure of Personal Information, we use this Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, using Personal Information to: develop, improve, repair, and maintain our products and services; personalize, advertise, and market our products and services; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform age verification; perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintain records; facilitate corporate transactions; and exercise and defend legal claims. Finally, as described above in Disclosure of Personal Information, we share this Personal Information with our affiliates, service providers and other vendors (including data analytics providers), social networks (when you elect to share or post this information), public or government entities and third parties to facilitate corporate transactions (mergers, acquisitions etc.). We collect the following categories of Personal Information of employees, independent contractors, owners, directors, officers and job applicants, as well as their emergency contacts, dependents and beneficiaries:
Category
We Collect
A. Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers and Social Security numbers and other government-issued ID numbers.
YES
B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, education information, employment history, financial information and medical and medical insurance information.
YES
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex, age, race, religion, national origin, disability, medical conditions and information, citizenship, immigration status, request for leave and marital status.
YES
D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and payment information, in each case for employee-only deals and discounts on our goods and products.
YES
E. Biometric information, such as fingerprints and voiceprints.
YES
F. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our Websites, applications, systems, and emails.
YES
G. Geolocation data, such as device location and IP location.
YES
H. Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as call recordings and CCTV footage created for quality assurance, safety and security purposes.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history, prior employer, information relating to references, details of qualifications, skills and experience, human resources data, and data necessary for benefits and related administration services.
YES
J. Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, such as student records.
YES
K. Inferences drawn from any of the personal information listed above to create a profile or summary.
YES
We use this Personal Information for the purposes of operating, managing, and maintaining our business, managing our workforce, and accomplishing our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, using Personal Information to: manage workforce activities and personnel generally, including for recruitment, employee training, leaves, promotions and discipline; manage payroll, wages, tax forms and filing, stock grants and bonuses; administer benefits; maintain and secure our facilities and systems; protect the health and safety of our workforce and others; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis to assist in planning succession and to ensure business continuity; perform accounting, audit, and other internal and business functions; obtain legal and other professional advice; facilitate corporate transactions; comply with law, legal process, investigations, internal policies and other requirements; and establish, exercise or defend legal rights.
We have not “sold” Personal Information for purposes of the CCPA.
If you are a California resident, you may have the right to request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting (if applicable) Personal Information about you; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
Delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please either:
submit information at the following or
send an email to privacy@gnln.com; or
call us toll-free at 1-833-466-7787.
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion). You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
STORE
Top Rated Vaporizers
Portable Vaporizers
Desktop Vaporizers
Our Favorites
Vaporizer Parts
Grinders
RESOURCES
Vaporizer Buying Guide
Volcano Vaporizer Buying Guide
What is a Vaporizer
Create An Account
Help
Site Map
COMPANY
Why vapor.com?
Satisfaction Guaranteed!
Customer Testimonials
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms of Use
Coupons & Exclusions
Buy Vaporizers Wholesale