https://www.dprg.org/privacy
Who we are
DPRG.org  is the website of the Dallas Personal Robotics Group, a non-profit 501-C organization established in 1984 devoted to personal and hobby robotics. Our website address is: https://dprg.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, the visitor’s IP address, and browser user agent string to help spam detection. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of marketing and advertising campaigns).
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. A Gravatar is the image you may use when you leave a comment. You do not have to use an image of yourself to leave a comment. If you do, the Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Subscriptions
If you subscribe to receive email notification of blog posts, those emails are private and not used for anything else including marketing and advertising. If you subscribe to receive a newsletter, you may receive occasional emails from dprg.org. These emails are to notify you of news and updates concerning the organization. Your email address is not shared with a third party.
Orders
When you place an order in the store, we use the order information that we collect to fulfill the order that you have placed and to provide you with an invoice and link to the order. We also use the order information to communicate with you if we need to make certain you received your order or other necessary information about your order. We may use your email to make sure you received your invoice and/or the link to the order.
We do not process your payment or your credit card information. This is done by the PayPal, our payment processing vendor. The privacy policy for PayPal is found here.
Contact forms
When you contact dprg.org, using info@dprg.org email address, your email address is used exclusively to reply to your communication. When the communication is ended, the email is not saved on dprg.org. The email used in the contact form is not used for advertising or marketing, and it is not shared with a third party.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on this site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, WordPress.org has several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Videos are hosted on youTube.com, information concerning their privacy statement  can be found at  https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/7671399?p=privacy_guidelines&hl=en. Mapping functions are hosted by Google Maps. Additional Google services are also used. Google’s privacy policy is located at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Who we share your data with
We share your personal information with WooCommerce, a third party company, to power our online store. You can read the WooCommerce privacy policy here: https://automattic.com/privacy/
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment on the Site, or post an email on one of the DPRG mailing lists, the comment or email and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue, and to provide a history of discussions concerning DPRG between members of the list.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. This information is to facilitate ease of use when you order. We may also use the order information to communicate with you about your order.
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through our contact form.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States by the servers use by our server, Dreamhost.
The privacy policy for the server is found here: https://www.dreamhost.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
To contact Dallas Personal Robotics Group
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us here: Contact DPRG.
Changes in this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Search for:
DPRG Supporters
Help keep DPRG strong
Recent Posts
RBNV – Robot Builders Night Virtual – Dec 08, 2020
RBNV – Robot Builders Night Virtual – Dec 01, 2020
RBNV – Robot Builders Night Virtual – Nov 24, 2020
RBNV – Robot Builders Night Virtual – Nov 17, 2020
LFS Simulator Update and Installation:
– DPRG Virtual Monthly Meeting, Nov 14th, 2020
Categories
Competition
Meeting Announcements
News
Project
Tutorial
Uncategorized
Subscribe to dprg.org via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to dprg.org and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy