http://www.winportal.com/conditions
English
Spanish
French
Searches | Recent Searches
Terms of use and privacy policy
The Society, which identifying data is presented in the last section of this document, informs all users of this web site about the following terms of use.
1.	1.	Description of the service
Through this web site, the Society offers a consistent service in, between others, the following added value presentations for downloading third party programs:
Daily revision of download availability and facilitation.
Antivirus analysis for all programs against known threats at the time of downloading.
Download of toolbars interesting for the users.
User support.
The third party programs listed on this web site are shareware, freeware versions or demos freely and publicly divulged by their authors and downloads are made always from the author´s web site. The hiring of the service offered by the Society on this web site does not represent, at any case, a payment for the acquisition, use or license of the downloaded program.
2. 	Responsibility
Likewise, the Society performs daily controls for the absence of known viruses in all the programs listed on this web site. However, according to technique´s status, these controls can not guarantee the absolute absence of viruses.
The Society does not provide any guarantee and neither makes itself responsible for the third party programs the user may download, including toolbars, which also have been developed by third party software. It will correspond to the users to previously decide about the suitability of the program or toolbar they wish to download and install, as well as their conformity with the corresponding terms of license for each of the programs.
3.	Privacy Policy
This clause contains the Privacy policy that normalizes important matters related to the privacy of all userson this web site.
3.1.	Data Collection
The Society will collect and process data introduced by any user through the available forms on this web site or communicated to the Society through any other via, as well as other data that the Society may automatically capture in relation to the following technical features of the user´s computer: operating system version, web browser version, type of CPU, type of internet connection, operating system language, IP address, cookies activation, Java activation and screen resolution. From now on, all this information will be denominated as “Data”.
Data will be user´s personal, exactly as this concept is defined in the current Spanish Legislation, and when provided through the forms or automatically captured while navigating around this web site, the user will be expressing consent for its collection, integration to a file and processing by the Society according to the current Privacy Policy.
The user expresses and guarantees that will not provide personal data referred to thirds to the Society, even with their consent and will assume in front of the Society any responsibility that meant behaviour may cause.
3.2	Processing purpose
The Society will process data aiming to administrate the correct maintenance, development and control of this web site and all services it offers, particularly to provide a response to the incidences that the users may communicate in relation to the services offered on this web site.
Also, if users authorize it, the Society will be able to use collected Data to send them commercial communications, even via e-mail, to promote wells and services provided by the Society or other thirds. Authorizations provided by the users can be revoked by them at any time.
The user specifically authorizes that for any of purposes expressed above the Society could personally or through staff in charge of the Data processing, process Data out of the European Union particularly in Peru and Uruguay, even though those countries´ legislations do not provide a personal data protection level comparable to the Spanish Legislation´s level.
Data will not be used for purposes different than the ones expressed on this Privacy Policy, neither will be provided to thirds without the users´ consent.
3.3	Use of cookies
This web site uses cookies to enable the Society to provide a better service to the users. All users can configure their web browser and enable them to notify about the reception of cookies, giving the users the opportunity to decide whether they accept them or not.
3.4. Access, rectification, cancelation and opposition rights
All users can apply the access, rectification, cancelation and opposition rights recognized by the Spanish Legislation about personal data protection related to the Data. To make it possible, the users can get in touch with the Society by sending a message to soporte@descargargratis.com or else through other customer service established by the Society at the moment.
3.5. Other web sites
This Privacy Policy is to be applied only on this web site. The Society does not guarantee neither makes itself responsible for the Privacy policies that can be applied in web pages linked from this web site, or for the data processing performed by their staff in charge.
4.	General
The Society can review and modify the terms of service at any time, updating the current page. The conditions applied to the service hired by the users will be published at the moment of the hiring.
These conditions are governed by the Spanish Legislation. The users will not be able to desist of the already made hiring, every time the service immediately provided after its hiring with the user´s consent.
The hiring will be formalized in the language selected by the user from the languages available on the web site. Samples of the current terms of service may exist in several languages.The users can make their requests through the support forms.
This web site´s contents are protected by the intellectual rights of property or industrial from the Society and/or thirds. At any case, the users will not suppress, modify, avoid or manipulate a protection device or security system installed on this web site.
5. Instructions to install / uninstall the software contained on this site:
Each software in this site can be installed and uninstalled this way:Go to the firmware download pageClick on the link "download free"The installer will be downloadedOpen the installer and follow the stepsAccept the terms and conditions of programs to downloadThe installation is finished.
Installed software can be uninstalled this way on Windows operating system:
Start > Control Panel > Programs > Uninstall or Change Programs> Locate the program and click Uninstall.
6.
Society´s identifying and contact data
In case the users wish to send any complain or question, they can get in touch with the Society through the support form available on the web site or by sending a message to the following e-mail address: soporte@descargargratis.comFirseria S.L. is a Spanish society addressed in Barcelona, Av. Maresme 44-46 n°2 – 6. Signed up in the market registry of Barcelona with CIF: B65301368
Free Download ©2010 - All rights reserved. | Contact Us | Terms of use | All Software | Uninstall | Submit