http://www.internetology.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Home
Portfolio
Solutions
Contact
web design & development
Website Design
E-Commerce Websites
Brochure Websites
Graphic Design
Package Deals & Offers
Improving Your Site
Search Engine Optimisation
Link Building new!
Website Analysis
Marketing & Services
Email Marketing Campaigns
Web Hosting
Domain Names
Ordering & Payment
Invoice Payments
Internetology Privacy Policy.
Privacy Statement
Internetology is committed to protecting
your privacy and security. We only use the information we
collect about you with your consent to process and fulfill your order and to tell you about our products & services. We will never wilfully disclose personal information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission or unless we are instructed to do so by a legal authority.
Why We Need To Collect Information
When you order products or services from us we need to know various things about you including your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and to notify you of your order status.
We may also use the information we
collect about you to notify you from time to time about changes to the web site, our products & services or special offers we think you will find of interest. If you have asked not to be contacted we will not contact for any other reason unless it is connected with an existing product or service.
Who Else Will We Tell About You?
We will not pass on your personal details to any third party including site sponsors or advertisers, without your permission. We may provide overall statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to our third-party partners but these statistics will not contain any information that would allow you to be individually identified.
Your Consent
By submitting information to us or placing an order with us you consent to the collection and use of your information. All changes to this document will be on this page, keeping you up to date with our privacy policy whenever it may change.
Summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not pass on your personal information to others without your permission. You can always enquire about or check the information that you have given us by contacting us here!
Feedback
We welcome any questions and comments about privacy issues - Please contact us
Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer  |  Contact Us