http://www.geeklog.net/staticpages/index.php/privacy-policy
Login
Contribute
Support
Polls
Links
FAQ
Forum
Downloads
Directory
Login
Contribute
Support
Polls
Links
FAQ
Forum
Downloads
Directory
Welcome to Geeklog Friday, December 11 2020 @ 12:34 am EST
Privacy Policy
This site has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Information is Automatically Logged
This site uses a visitor statistics package that logs the following information on each page access: userid, user_agent, IP, host, browser type, computing platform, date and time, page viewed, referer, request type, and query_string. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site, and to help identify you. This information is also gathered because we like to see who is visiting.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, and for other purposes.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (i.e. email address). Contact information from the registration forms is used to validate the user's account. This enables the site administrators to provide moderation for the various public features of this site, and to get in touch with the user when necessary. This information is not and will never be divulged to a third party. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. This site is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. While we do our best to ensure only appropriate information is posted, we cannot and do not assume responsibility for our user's postings. All postings are property of their respective author. Improper language is automatically censored by the system. All submissions are subject to our editorial control. Where appropriate, editorial changes will be indicated.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users control over their user experience and content that they may have provided. Users can freely modify or delete any content they post. Users have the ability to customize various aspects of the look and feel of the site.
Limitation of Liability
This site is not liable for any damages caused by any of the site content, whether directly provided by this site or its employees or not.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact the webmaster.
Last Updated: Monday, July 09 2018 @ 12:01 pm EDT|
Hits: 5,772
Search
Search
advanced search
Resources
About
What is Geeklog?
Core Developers
Getting started
Download Geeklog
Documentation
Wiki Docs
Demo Site (v2.2.1sr1)
Support
FAQ
Forums
Mailing Lists
Report a Bug
Request a Feature
Geeklog Security
Development
Getting Started
Plugin Developers Guide
Download Source Code
Roadmap
Topics
Home
Development (352)
Geeklog(233)
Plugins(126)
Themes(6)
News(387)
Announcements(272)
Geeklog.net(31)
Security(77)
Spam(11)
User Functions
Want to login?
Lets
sign up as a New User!
Lost your password?
What's New
Articles last 4 weeks
No new articles
Comments last 4 weeks
No new comments
Pages last 4 weeks
No new pages
Links last 4 weeks
No recent new links
Downloads last 4 weeks
No new files