http://www.isafeventures.com/termsofservice/
i-SAFE Ventures Terms of Service – i-SAFE Ventures
Menu
i-SAFE Ventures
About i-SAFE Ventures Regulatory Landscape
COPPA CIPA FERPA PPRA HIPAA Partners & Resellers
i-SAFE Direct
Direct AUP Direct My Ok Direct VPC Direct Permission Slip
i-SAFE Digital LearningNew
DC4 Digital ProgrammingNew Admin Central Curriculum New LessonsNew iDrive Programming
Humanitarian InitiativeNew
12: A Humanitarian InitiativeNew #WALKWITH12 – Portraits of InnocenceNew
Request a Quote
Log in
close×
Call Us: (760) 603-7911
close×
Home
i-SAFE Ventures Terms of Service
i-SAFE Ventures Terms of Service
Last modified: September 11, 2015
Welcome to i-SAFE Ventures!
Thank you for choosing i-SAFE Ventures products and services. The Services are provided by i-SAFE Ventures located at 6189 El Camino Real, Suite 201, Carlsbad, CA United States.
By using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Please read them carefully.
Our Services are diverse and provides information, products and programming services to the educational and commercial market. Many of the terms or product requirements include age requirements.
Additional terms will be available with the relevant Services, and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
This document defines the general Terms and Conditions (“Terms“) for the use of those product and services, and by subscribing to or using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms.
Please note that in your use of www.isafeventures.com, www.isafedirect.com, www.isafe.org and the products, services and apps provided on those domains there may be additional terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements which we will communicate. Those additional terms become part of your agreement with us if you use those Services.
If you have questions regarding the i-SAFE Terms and Conditions should be sent to:
Address:
i-SAFE Inc.
ATTN: Terms & Conditions
6189 El Camino Real, Ste.201
Carlsbad, CA 92009
Email:          privacypolicy@isafeventures.com
Telephone:   760.603.7911
Facsimile:     760.603.8382
Using our Services
By subscribing to and using our Services, you agree to follow the policies that we make available to you within those Services.
Use our Services as they are intended and how they are intended. For example, don’t access Services using a means different from how they are designed and provided. Use our Services only for legal purposes. If you do not comply with the law we may suspend or stop providing our Services to you and your organization. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services.
Persons and individuals may not resell i-SAFE Ventures services unless under separate and specific agreement with i-SAFE Ventures.
Using content, such as templates embedded within our Services or digital learning lessons, does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights. You may use such content within the Service itself, or as defined within the Service, but must obtain written permission from i-SAFE Ventures for any other use, or as otherwise permitted by law. We do not grant the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services, except within provision of the Services. All copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights with the Services belong to i-SAFE Ventures.
Some of our Services allow you to submit or upload content. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. However, when you submit content, you give us the right to use, present, modify within reason, and publish that content as part of our Services. Those rights are limited to the operation, promotion and improvement of our Services. Those rights do not expire if you are no longer a subscriber to our Services.
We may remove any content that we determine is illegal or violates our policies. However, we don’t necessarily review all content, and recognize that it may change beyond our control and responsibility for content we link to remains with the provider.
We value you as a customer. While our Services are available on mobile devices please be careful. Do not use Services in any way that will distract you or prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws. Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
In connection with your use of the Services, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications.
Your i-SAFE Ventures Account
You will need to have a registered i-SAFE Ventures account in order to use our Services. You may sign up for an account yourself, or it may be assigned to you by an organizational administrator due to your role. In doing so we will require certain information to enable communications to you as well as secure access to Services. In the case an account is assigned to you, Terms apply, and your organization’s administrator may be able to access or disable your account.
As a user of our Services we may communicate with you in regards to service announcements, administrative messages, and other information. You may opt out of some of those communications. We do provide communications such as newsletters, which you must opt in to receive.
Please keep your account password confidential. You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through your account. If you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or i-SAFE Ventures Account please notify i-SAFE Ventures at privacypolicy@isafeventures.com.
Subscription Fees, Purchase Terms and Cancellation
Your subscription to i-SAFE Ventures services is the purchase of a License. Your subscription begins on the date you first subscribe and will continue for one year from that date unless your subscription is a multi-year subscription. A multi-year subscription begins on the date you first subscribe and will continue until the last day of the year that your multi year subscription ends. The exemption to this are licenses for i-SAFE Direct – My Ok; which are perpetual.
Prices for i-SAFE Ventures Services can be obtained from our site, although we may from time to time offer different terms.
Subscriptions are non-transferable and may not be assigned to another entity or person. Allowing unauthorized access to Services is a breach of these Terms and a violation of law. Your decision to purchase a Subscription or use/choose other goods or services is the purchase of a License.
We will communicate information pertaining to subscription renewal in advance of its expiration anniversary.
You agree to promptly notify i-SAFE Ventures, in writing, of the following:
When a credit card is used to subscribe you will notify i-SAFE Ventures of changes in the expiration date of the credit card used to subscribe
Changes in billing address; as well as changes in Administrators responsible for the purchase and implementation of i-SAFE Ventures services
Apparent breaches of security, such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of an ID or password.
We reserve the right to terminate your Subscription if you violate these terms or conditions, if a charge to your credit card or other payment method is declined, or if your subscription expires.
Subscriptions Are Non-Refundable: Subscriptions, once purchased, are nonrefundable, regardless of use or lack of use by the subscriber and no credits or refunds will be issued.
Subscriptions Are Non-Transferable: Subscriptions may not be assigned or transferred to any other person or entity nor may you provide any other person or entity access to your subscription, either directly or indirectly. Allowing others to gain unauthorized access to this site is a breach of this Agreement and a violation of law.
Cancellations: You may cancel under the following conditions:
Within 30 days from the date of the purchase of your subscription and you have not downloaded or logged onto any of the i-SAFE Ventures online properties or products. If you wish to cancel your subscription, please send an email to subscription@isafeventures.com of your decision to opt out of your subscription. Cancellation will not result in a refund.
i-SAFE Ventures retains the right to terminate Services in event of a breach of Terms.
We do not waive any or all rights defined within the Terms in the event that we do not enforce all or strict compliance with the Terms.
Privacy and Copyright Protection
I-SAFE Ventures’s privacy policies explain how we manage your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Services. By using our Services, you agree that I-SAFE Ventures can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies.
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
We provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your copyrights and want to notify us, please send an email to privacypolicy@isafeventures.com
Your Content in our Services
Some of our Services allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content. For content that you produce/published you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content.
When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give I-SAFE Ventures (and those we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.
Changes to Terms
We are always updating and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether. In the event we modify Terms, or additional terms apply to a Service, we will post these modifications. Changes will not apply retroactively, but we will clearly state their effective date. If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will control for that conflict. If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will we or our directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, or any other damages of any kind, arising out of or related to our Services. Our total liability, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, will not exceed the last annual subscription paid. These exclusions and limitations of liability will apply to the fullest extent permitted by law and will survive cancellation or termination of your subscription. Certain state laws do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply, some or all of the above exclusions or limitations may not apply, and you might have additional rights.
If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify i-SAFE Ventures and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.
Our Warranties and Disclaimers
We provide our Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services.
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER i-SAFE VENTURES NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.
SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.
For information about how to contact i-SAFE Ventures please visit our contact page.
Information Download Privacy Policy
Terms of Services
Connect
Subscribe to our Newsletter
First name
Last name
Email *
Role
Administrator
CIO
Developer
IT Director
Marketing
Risk Manager
Teacher
Other
Site Map
Community
i-SAFE Ventures Privacy Policy
i-SAFE Ventures Terms of Service
Subscribe To Newsletter
Twelve
#WALKWITH12 – Portraits of Innocence
Welcome to i-SAFE Ventures
Home
About i-SAFE Ventures
Regulatory Landscape
Contact Us
Latest PostsLatest Posts
Select Category
Educators  (4)
In The News  (19)
Newsletter  (42)
October 2015  (4)
Regulatory Overview  (5)
September 2015  (4)
title 1  (1)
tITLE 2  (1)
TITLE 4  (1)
Uncategorized  (28)
Information Copyright © 2019 i-SAFE Ventures All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Services
Contact Us
Contact Us
Phone: (760) 603-7911
Fax: (760) 603-8382
Email: info@isafeventures.com
Location
6189 El Camino Real
Suite 201
Carlsbad, CA 92009
i-SAFE Newsletter Subscribe
Past Editions
FOLLOW US