https://www.fabmation.de/en/privacy-protection/
Privacy
All data collected here will be handled within our area of responsibility in accordance with the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Responsible entity in keeping with the meaning of the General Data Protection Act
FABMation GmbH
Gartenstr. 36
89231 Neu-Ulm
Tel.: +49 731 98582-0
Fax: +49 731 98582-29
E-Mail: info@fabmation.de
Homepage: www.fabmation.de
General Information
The publishers of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.
The use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data.
Insofar as personal information is requested by these pages (such as your name, address or email address), it is provided by you voluntarily. This information is not passed to third parties without your express permission.
We hereby inform you that the transmission of data in the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) is subject to privacy breaches. A complete protection of data from the access of third parties is not possible.
Purpose of processing and duration of data storage
The purpose of data processing is to operate a website with information about our company, our software products and our services.
Unless otherwise stated, the data will only be stored until the purpose for which they were entrusted to us has been fulfilled.
If commercial, tax or administrative retention periods have to be observed, the storage period of certain data may be up to 10 years.
Collection of information during your visit to our website
Log Files
When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically collected. This information (server log files) includes
the anonymized IP address of the requesting computer
date and time of the request
access method/function desired by the requesting computer
input values transmitted by the requesting computer (e.g. file name)
access status of the web server (file transferred, file not found, command not executed, etc.)
URL from which the file was requested/initiated
the desired function
browser type and version
This is exclusively information which does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person, as the IP address is not stored or made anonymous. This information is technically necessary in order to correctly deliver the content you have requested from websites and is mandatory when using the Internet.  These data are not combined with other data sources. We reserve the right to check these data subsequently if we become aware of concrete indications of an illegal use.
Cookies
This website partly uses so-called “cookies”. These are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
This automatically provides us with certain data such as IP address, browser used, operating system via your computer and your connection to the Internet.
They do no harm to your device, contain no viruses and are designed to help you navigate and display our websites correctly, making them more user-friendly, effective and secure. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.
You can also view our website without cookies, please note that some functions of our website may not work if you have deactivated the use of cookies. Please check the settings of your browser for the use of cookies. You can deactivate the use of cookies at any time via the settings of your browser. Please use the help functions of your Internet browser to find out how you can change these settings.
Analysis with WP Statistics
This website uses the WordPress analysis plugin WP Statistics (wp-statistics.com). Simple statistics are generated from the data in anonymous form. The collection / storage is only for the purpose of a page analysis. All data is neither passed on nor sold by us. No user profiles are created and no cookies are set. All data collected by WP Statistics is stored completely anonymously on this web server. A personal identification of a visitor is therefore not possible, even after the event.
SSL-Encryption
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS.
Use of the application form
In our career section you have the opportunity to apply online for vacant positions.
The following also applies here:
Collection and processing of your personal data
If you provide us with personal data via the application form or as part of the application process, these will be stored for the application process.
Use and disclosure of personal data
We use the personal data provided by you exclusively for processing your application. Your data will only be passed on internally to persons involved in the application process. All employees entrusted with data processing are obliged to maintain the confidentiality of your data. We do not pass on your personal data to third parties unless you have consented to the data being passed on or we are obliged to pass on data due to legal regulations and/or official or court orders.
Retention and deletion of data
Application data will be deleted within six months after completion of the application procedure, unless further storage is required for the purpose of providing evidence, statutory provisions continue to make this necessary or you have expressly agreed to a longer storage period.
Automated decision making (profiling)
There is no automated decision making.
Use of the contact form
If you send us inquiries by e-mail or contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact data you have provided there, will be stored for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not pass on this data without your consent.
Deletion or blocking of data
We adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. We therefore only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes stated here or as provided for in the various storage periods provided for by law. After the respective purpose or expiry of these periods, the corresponding data will be blocked or deleted as a matter of routine and in accordance with statutory regulations.
Your rights of access, rectification, blocking, limitation, cancellation, appeal and opposition
You have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us at any time. You also have the right to correct, block or, apart from the prescribed data storage for business transactions, delete your personal data. Please contact the responsible office (contact details see above).
To ensure that data can be locked at any time, this data must be kept in a lock file for control purposes. You can also request the deletion of the data, as far as no legal archiving obligation exists. If such an obligation exists, we will block your data on request.
You can make changes or withdraw your consent by notifying us accordingly with effect for the future.
Pursuant to Art. 77 DSGVO, you can complain to a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data is unlawful. Further information on the complaint can be found at the supervisory authority at https://www.lda.bayern.de/de/beschwerde.html
Changes to our data protection regulations
We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration in the future so that it always complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the data protection declaration, e.g. when introducing new services. The new data protection declaration will then apply for your next visit.
Questions about privacy
If you have any further questions about data protection, please use the above contact details.
FABMation Issue Tracker
FABMation Wiki
Legal notice
Privacy
Scroll to top