http://www.centricweb.com/privacy-policy-gdpr/
Privacy Policy (GDPR)
Free Website Quote
20 Years in the business, 5-Star Rated Company.
Request Your Quote
CENTRIC WEB, INC. thanks you for your interest in our company’s website. During the use of our internet presence, the protection of your personal data is important to us. Personal data is all data related to you, for example, name, address, e-mail address. With the following information, we would like to inform you about the nature, use, purpose, and limitation of the data processing. CENTRIC WEB, INC. assures that our data collection and use of your data are carried out in accordance with the relevant data protection regulations.
1. Controller
The controller is responsible for the collection, processing, and use of your data in the meaning of Art. 4 no. 7 GDPR.
2. Delimitation of the area covered by the data privacy statement
CENTRIC WEB, INC. websites may lead to third-party websites (such as social networks) that are not explicitly covered by this data privacy statement.
3. Information on processing data outside the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA)
All servers used by CENTRIC WEB, INC. are located within the USA.
4. Scope, purpose, and personal data collection
By default, CENTRIC WEB, INC. collects data when you use our website regardless of register first, to download certain documentations or browsing CENTRIC WEB, INC.’s website at any time. We collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our servers. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data that is technically necessary for us to display our website and to ensure stability and security:
IP address
date and time of the request
time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
content of the requirement (concrete page)
access status / HTTPs status code
each transmitting amount of data
website from which the request comes
browser
operating system and its interface
language and version of the browser software
From the data above, however, we cannot draw conclusions about the users. Further personal data will only be stored if your consent has been obtained or if this information is necessary in the context of a registration, a raffle, or a contract execution.
5. Term of Use
All personal data collected on the CENTRIC WEB, INC. website are used exclusively for the technical administration of the website, individual support, customer administration, and for the marketing and dispatch of ordered goods and newsletters, and only to the extent necessary. Your data could potentially help us to continually improve our websites and make their use as easy as possible. All data is confidentially treated. Governmental or administrative orders may result in the disclosure of personal data to public authorities and government agencies to the extent of legal obligations. Disclosure to third parties takes only place to partner companies and service providers, as far as this is contractually mandatory for us and then only to the extent necessary.
For example, the operation of the website or the processing RFQ’s. In the event of the disclosure of personal data, partner companies and service providers are carefully selected and commissioned by us, are bound by our instructions, are subject to regular controls, and are committed to confidentiality. To the extent necessary, contracts for data processing are concluded with them in accordance with data protection regulations.
6. Newsletter (currently not offered on the website. CENTRIC WEB, INC. reserves the right to activate this service at any time)
To stay up to date on CENTRIC WEB, INC., you can subscribe to a free newsletter on our website. To register for our newsletter, we use the so-called double-opt-in procedure. This means that after you have registered, we will send you an e-mail to the e-mail address specified in which we ask you to confirm that you wish to receive the newsletter. In addition, we store your used IP addresses and times of the registration and confirmation. The purpose of the procedure is to prove your registration and, if necessary, to inform you about possible misuse of your personal data.
The data provided in the newsletter registration will only be used for internal administration.
The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1-point (a) GDPR. There is also a revocation right of consent to data use in connection with the newsletter. You can do this at your own option by clicking on the "unsubscribe newsletter" button in the newsletter itself or send an e-mail to privacypolicy@centricweb.com. We evaluate the user behavior within the newsletter sent by us according to the data protection regulations and receive among other things receipt and read confirmation as well as information about links, number of clicks and, date and time.
7. Contact by e-mail or by contact form (as far as this is offered on the website)
To get in contact with CENTRIC WEB, INC., you can write us an e-mail or send us your contact details in the corresponding contact form. These are used exclusively to contact you and to discuss your requests or concerns.
If you send us an application by e-mail, we will treat the data we received by you in strict confidence and process them to the extent necessary. Should you get the job, we will continue to save the required data such as first name, last name, and date of birth. Should we decide against you, your data will be deleted after a reasonable period of time according to the data protection regulations, unless you agree to be included in our talent pool.
8. Use of cookies
When you use our website, cookies are stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files that are stored by you and that give us certain information. Cookies cannot run programs or transfer viruses to your computer. They serve to make the internet offer more user-friendly and effective overall.
This website uses the following types of cookies, whose scope and operation are explained below:
Transient cookies: Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include particular session cookies. These cookies store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the shared session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time.
You can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and, for example, refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. Please be aware that you may not be able to use all functions of this website.
Please also note the information on cookies below "10. Use of web analysis tools ".
9. Use of web analysis tools
This website uses Google Analytics or any other statistical program, known as the web analysis tool either provided by a third party or by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your usage on the website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The IP address provided by your browser in the context of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by changing the settings of your browser software. We point out, however, that in this case, you may not be able to fully use all the functions of this website. In addition, you may prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of the data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available on Google’s website.
We use Google Analytics and other third-party Analytical Stats programs to analyze and regularly improve the use of our website. With the statistics gained we can improve our service and make it more interesting for you as a user. For exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-us-Framework. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1-point (f) GDPR.
10. Use of social plugins
CENTRIC WEB, INC. currently uses no social plugins.
11. Information and explanation about safeguards
CENTRIC WEB, INC. strives to protect your data collected by us against any kind of influence, such as accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction, or access by unauthorized persons. We implement state-of-of-art technical and organizational measurements. Furthermore, all employees are obliged to maintain data secrecy.
12. Your rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR) or right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR)
right to a restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Upon request, CENTRIC WEB, INC. will provide you with the information, related to your personal data CENTRIC WEB, INC. has collected about you and in accordance with the applicable statutory provisions. We always strive for current and error-free data collection. If despite our efforts to ensure that the data is accurate and up-to-date, is incorrect, CENTRIC WEB, INC., will correct it as soon as possible upon request. You can send your applications to the following e-mail address: privacypolicy@centricweb.com.
You also have the right according to Art. 77 GDPR to complain about our processing of your personal data to a data protection supervisory authority, locally, your place of residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged infringement.
13. Change of the data privacy statement
In relation to the progress of data processing and the associated legal changes, we are obliged to update this data privacy statement from time to time. Please always note the current version of our data privacy statement.
14. Reachability of the data protection
If you have any questions, suggestions, or complaints regarding the data protection related to CENTRIC WEB, INC. and its websites used by CENTRIC WEB, INC., please contact our data protection Specialist
19W169 Millbrook Court
Downers Grove, IL 60126
630-541-9956
privacypolicy@centricweb.com