https://www.easics.com/privacy-policy/
Now Hiring: Are you a driven and motivated Engineer?
Our Company
Careers
+32 16 395 611
jobs@easics.be
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
If you leave your coordinates on our website, you automatically give us consent to contact you for the matter you applied for. Your data will be stored on a very protected server and can only be accessed by easics specified personnel. We will not add you to any other subscription channel and your contact details will not be communicated to any other external party without your authorisation.
In accordance with the law of May 25th 2018, you can access the database containing your personal data and modify this information anytime, by contacting us by mail at gdpr@easics.be
If, for any reason, you do not want us to keep your email address and/or personal data feel free to send an e-mail to gdpr@easics.be and we will immediately cancel all data. However, the data will not be retained for longer than necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were obtained.
Our website only uses analytic cookies which are encrypted and processed anonymously:
Name
Origin
Function
Storage time
_ga
Google
analytics
2 years
_gat
Google
analytics
1 minute
_gid
Google
analytics
1 day
We use Hotjar
in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link .
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link .
Need for chip designers?
Looking for high quality engineering services? Complete the form below.
We will contact you in 48h.
Your inquiry aboutASIC projectFPGA projectIP LicensingCareers
Or call us
+32 16 395 611
Start the collaboration with us while figuring out the best solution based on your needs.
easics NV
Arenberg Science Park
Gaston Geenslaan 11
3001 Leuven, Belgium
info@easics.be
+32 16 395 611
VAT: BE 0444.501.015
Services
Design Conceptualization
ASIC design
FPGA design
Product ideation
Products
nearbAI on ASIC
nearbAI on FPGA
TCP offload engine
Solutions
Consultancy
Work packaged projects
Industrial AI Accelerator
Embedded vision
CRC Generation Tool
Markets
Healthcare
Industry 4.0
Consumer
And beyond
About us
Jobs
Case studies
Contact Us
© 2020 easics NV. All Rights Reserved – Privacy Policy
webdesign w247.be
Search for:
Search
Home
Services & Products
ServicesDesign Conceptualization
ASIC Design
FPGA Design
Product Ideation
ProductsnearbAI on ASIC
nearbAI on FPGA
TCP Offload Engine
SolutionsConsultancy
Work Packaged Projects
Industrial AI Accelerator
Embedded Vision
MarketsHealthcare
Industry 4.0
Consumer
And beyond
Case Studies
About us
About us
Our history
Jobs
Blog
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are fine with it.OkPrivacy policy