http://www.casio.com/support/helpdesk/privacy
Products
Watches
G-SHOCK
G-Shock Women
BABY-G
EDIFICE
PRO TREK
Vintage
Dress
Classic
Databank
Sports
Wave Ceptor
Accessories
Electronic Musical Instruments
Casiotone
Celviano Grand Hybrid
Console Pianos
Celviano
Privia
Stage Pianos
Workstation Keyboards
Lighted Keys
Portable Keyboards
Mini Keyboards
Music Arrangers
Apps
Casio Music Education
Accessories
Calculators
Graphing
Fraction & Scientific
Basic
Desktop
Printing
Workbooks
Software & Additional Products
Accessories
Label Printers
Replacement Label Tapes
Label Printers & Label Tapes
Accessories
Cash Registers
Entry Level
Mid Line
Point of Sale
Projectors
Superior Projectors
Core Projectors
Advanced Projectors
4K HD Projectors
Slim Projectors
Ultra Short Throw
Accessories
Accessories
For Projectors
Replacement Label Tapes
For Printing Calculators
For Watches
For Musical Instruments
Smart Outdoor Watch CA and US
Shop Outlet
Support
Watches Support
Smart Outdoor Watch Support
Electronic Musical Instruments Support
DJ Products Support
Calculators Support
Projectors Support
Cash Registers Support
Label Printers Support
News
Product Registration
More
Corporate
Search
Support
Current Page: Privacy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective: January 1, 2020
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy statement notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
This website may contain links to other organizations’ websites, including potential links to sites for individual Casio dealers/distributors. Casio is not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of those organizations or the content of such websites.
By visiting this website you accept the policies and practices described in this Privacy Statement. Casio reserves the right to make changes to this notice by posting such changes on this website. Changes are effective immediately upon posting unless a different effective date is stated. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Casio website.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use Google Analytics for aggregated, anonymized website traffic analysis. In order to track your session usage, Google drops a cookie (_ga) with a randomly-generated ClientID in your browser. This ID is anonymized and contains no identifiable information like email, phone number, name, etc. We also send Google your IP Address. We use GA to track aggregated website behavior, such as what pages you looked at, for how long, and so on. This information is important to us for improving the user experience and determining site effectiveness. If you would like to access what browsing information we have - or ask us to delete any GA data - please delete your _ga cookies, reach out to us via this form, and/or install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
Categories of Information Collected. In the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers such as name, billing address, shipping address, IP address, email address;
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) such as name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and other financial information (some information in this category may overlap with other categories);
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law such as age and gender;
Internet or other electronic network activity, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement;
Geolocation data such as IP address location and shipping address;
Commercial information such as products purchased or considered, product registration, and customer service records;
Professional or employment-related information such as employer name and job history; and
Inferences drawn from any personal information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes.
Gender
Your preference regarding future receipt of product information e-mail messages from Casio
Sources of Information and Purpose for Collection. In the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement, we have collected personal information directly from you (from forms you completed, information you submitted, products you purchased, or services you requested) and indirectly from you (through automated collection of your web browsing activities). This information was collected for a number of purposes, as described in more detail below.
Required information. There are pages on this site where we request specific information about you, in order to register your Casio product, process your orders, fulfill your requests for information, and to communicate with you about past orders and to keep your knowledge about our products and services current. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Optional Demographic Information
Age Group
Earning Bracket
Gender
Your preference regarding future receipt of product information e-mail messages from Casio
On some pages, we may request that you submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Whenever we require information from you, it is our policy to collect and save such information so that we do not need to ask you for it repeatedly. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features in this website.
Product Registration. You can register your Casio product on our website if you would like to receive product information as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used to provide promotional or marketing information unless you agree to this on the registration form. When you register on the site, we provide you with the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving any information, product, service or other informational emails from Casio. If you choose to “opt out”, we will only answer the email we receive from you and provide necessary status information regarding your orders or your product registration. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Orders. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. Other than as expressly stated herein, we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery.
Optional Information Supplied Voluntarily. From time to time, we may invite you to participate in voluntary surveys or otherwise supply additional certain optional information. Responding to these requests is completely voluntary and is your choice. We collect and analyze information voluntarily supplied via surveys or otherwise in order to track and improve service to our customers and potential customers, for internal marketing purposes, and for any additional purposes indicated in the request for information.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our product registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. We also use this demographic information in designing and evaluating new products that Casio manufactures.
Automatic collection of information. Like many websites, our site may periodically utilize a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a small data file that a web server can deliver to your browser, which is then stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are designed to permit us to provide better or more personalized service when you are visiting our site, and can also identify websites visited between visits to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, providing you with as much control as you wish as to the decision to accept/reject the cookie, and deletion of the cookie upon leaving our website. Refer to your browser’s Help information for details on setting cookie notification services. We may also track the Internet domains from which people contact us, and from time-to-time may gather information concerning the “referring” domain that a person visited prior to our site, and the “destination” domain a person visits after leaving our site. Information automatically collected is used to identify and analyze the trends and statistics of visits to our website and to make our website more responsive to the needs and interests of our customers.
“Do Not Track” is a privacy setting that you may set in your web browser.
If turned on, this setting requests that websites not track information about users.
At this time, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” browser settings or signals.
Disclosure of Information.
Information about our customers is important to our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We have not sold any customers’ personal information in the 12 months preceding this Privacy Statement’s last updated date.
We have disclosed for a business purpose (as described below) the following categories of personal information during the preceding 12 months:
Identifiers such as name, billing address, shipping address, IP address, email address;
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) such as name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and other financial information (some information in this category may overlap with other categories);
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law such as age and gender;
Commercial information such as products purchased or considered, product registration, and customer service records; and
Professional or employment-related information such as employer name and job history.
There may be times when we will need to disclose your information to our providers, contractors or distributors for the purpose of fulfilling an order for products and services requested by you, or otherwise processing transactions and related information. Before doing so, we will require the organizations receiving such information to commit to the same level of protection for your information as is provided in this Privacy Statement. We will not knowingly distribute your name, address or other information you provide outside of the Casio family of subsidiaries and affiliates, or publicize the fact that you submitted information to us, unless we ask your permission or notify you beforehand, or we are required to do so by law or government order.
In the event we enter into a merger, are acquired, enter into bankruptcy, or sell a major part of our assets, your information may be among the assets transferred. To the extent we are able, we will notify (i) the new owner of the restrictions placed on your information, and (ii) you of the sale.
We will disclose your information to the extent we are required to do so by law, or if it is sought by legal process, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others. In such instances we will seek confidential treatment of any of your data so disclosed, but there is no guarantee that confidential treatment can or will be obtained.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to those described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Choice.
By providing personal and business information and accepting any cookies provided by Casio, you consent to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the provisions of this Privacy Statement, you can refuse to register, refuse to accept cookies, or refuse to volunteer optional information.
Our Commitment To Data Security.
It is not possible for websites to achieve perfect security. We do, however, take commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial precautions using widely accepted methods to safeguard the security of your information against inadvertent disclosure to unauthorized persons. Security controls may include standard 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layers) to protect the security of information transmitted directly through this website. As is generally the case, this protection does not extend to Internet e-mail messages sent outside this website directly to and from individual e-mail addresses.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is designed or intended to attract anyone under 13.
Notice to California Residents.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under California law including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Subject to certain limits, California residents may ask us to provide them with the following information for the 12-month period preceding their request:
The categories of personal information we collected about them;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about them.
Subject to certain exceptions, California residents also have the right to ask us to delete any personal information that we have collected about them.
To submit a request for information or a request to delete, California residents may contact us in any of the following ways:
Call us at 800-706-2534 and select option 4
Submit a request using this form
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing your personal information and before deleting your information. If you want to authorize someone else to make a request on your behalf, please complete this form, have it notarized, and provide it to the person you are authorizing to submit a request on your behalf.
They will be asked to provide the form when they submit your request.
California residents also have the right to not be discriminated against if they exercise their privacy rights under California law.
Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, levels of services, or other benefits.
Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Casio currently offers the following financial incentives: (1) an extended warranty to consumers who submit a product registration; and (2) a free battery and/or entry into a gift card drawing for consumers who complete a survey.
How To Contact Us.
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 800-706-2534 and select option 4.
Legal Terms of Website Use
Terms and Conditions of Sales
If you have additional questions regarding the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), please refer to the FAQs.
Support
Current Page: Privacy