https://www.actiontec.com/wifihelp/complete-guide-to-wifi-networking/
Complete Guide to WiFi NetworkingA WiFi Network is a wireless (no wires) network that connects to your Internet router and wireless-enabled devices (such as laptops, smartphones and printers) in your home using a wireless radio signal.
A WiFi network gives you the convenience and mobility to access your shared files, your Internet connection, and other wireless devices from any location within your network’s coverage area, and it’s easy to set up.
Learning Annex
|
WiFi Networking
Wi-Fi Explained
Optimize Your Wi-Fi
Manage Your Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi Security
Troubleshoot Your Wi-Fi
Modems, Routers and Gateways
What is a Modem?
What is a Gateway?
What is a Modem/Router?
What is a Router?
What’s the Difference
G.hn
What Is G.hn Powerline?
How Does G.hn Powerline Work?
How To Get Better WiFi?
Wi-Fi Explained
When you connect your laptop to a hotspot at a coffee shop or hotel, or you create a wireless network in your home, you’re using a WiFi wireless network. So, just what is WiFi? The term stands for Wireless Fidelity and means that a device is compatible with the 802.11 standard, the established standard for wireless networks.
What is WiFi?
What is a Wireless Network?
What is Whole Home Wireless?
What is a Wireless Router?
Basics of Wireless Router
Top 5 features to look for in a WiFi Router
How Do I Check My WiFi Speed on My Laptop?
How Do You Check Your Wi-Fi Speed?
Why is my Wi-Fi So Slow?
Optimize Your Wi-Fi
When you’re looking to buy new wireless networking gear or a mobile device, you’re faced with an array of choices and abbreviations. As capabilities are added to the original IEEE 802.11 standard, they become known by their amendment (802.11b, 802.11g, etc.). Here we’ll discuss the basics of each 802.11 Wi-Fi standard.
Evolutions of WiFi Standards
2.4 GHz vs 5.6Ghz WiFi
What is 802.11ax?
3 Reasons why 802.11ax will change WiFi forever
Top 3 Reasons to upgrade to 802.11ax
What is the difference between 802.11ac and 802.11ax
The Complete Guide to WiFi 6
What is the difference between WiFi 5 and WiFi 6?
How will WiFi 6 improve WiFi?
Manage Your Wi-Fi
Knowing the ins and outs of your home wireless network can be a challenge. After all, you have dozens of devices, each connected to your network on either the 2.4GHz or 5GHz band. Some of them may be streaming or gaming while others are turned off. Maybe friends or relatives are visiting that are using your WiFi. Your home network can become cluttered and overwhelmed, leading to slower Internet.
What is a Managed WiFi Dashboard?
How to View Which Devices are Connected to Your WiFi
What is Guest WiFi and How Do I Set it Up?
WiFi Network Analyzer: How to View What’s Happening on Your Home Network
WiFi Manager: How to Manage Your Home Wireless Network
WiFi Analyzer for the Home Network
WiFi Analytics for the Home Network
Network Monitoring Software for the Home
How Will Your WiFi Connect to Your Devices
WiFi Security
The WiFi password. It’s what prevents hackers and others from accessing your home wireless network, stealing your bandwidth and even viewing your traffic. You probably want a password that’s easy enough to give to guests who want to use your wireless network, but an easy and weak password can be easily cracked by hackers.
Everything you needed to know about WiFi Passwords
How to Create a Secure WiFi Password
Troubleshoot Your Wi-Fi
Slow or spotty WiFi is frustrating. If your Internet goes down completely, that’s even worse. Fortunately there are a few simple WiFi troubleshooting tips you can try before contacting your ISP.
5 Fast WiFi Fixes this Holiday Season
Are Your Christmas Lights Interfering with Your WiFi?
3 Essential Tech Tips to Keep the Kids Entertained on Holidays
How to Set Up WiFi in My Home
To Wire or Not to Wire Your Home Network
What is a Home Network and Why I Need One?
5 Tips to Get Your WiFi Ready for the Holidays
3 Tips on Keeping Your WiFi Fast this Holiday Season
How to Check My WiFi Speed
How to Get Your Home Network Ready for the Holidays
Get Your Internet and WiFi Ready for All of Your New Gifts
WiFi Troubleshooting: Simple Things You Can Do to Make Your Wi-Fi Work Better
Why Won’t My Laptop Connect to WiFi: Some Simple Things to Check
Why is My Computer So Slow: How to Get Better Wi-Fi
My WiFi Isn’t Working: How to Fix it
Learn More
Wireless Network Capacity…How Many Devices Can Connect to my WiFi Network?
How Far can a WiFi Signal Travel?
What is band steering and how can it make my WiFi better?
WiFi Network Extenders are the best WiFi boosters for consistent, reliable high speed WiFi to every floor and corner of your home.  Learn more about WiFi Boosters on Actiontec’s Complete Guide to WiFi Boosters.
Buy Now
Purchase Actiontec products today from Amazon.
Was this Helpful ?
Yes    No
By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies.Cookie settings Privacy Policy XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  For more information see our Cookie Policy page.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Performance
performance
Functional
functional
Advertisement
advertisement
Save & Accept
Share This
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Business Development
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneTitle*Company*Product Inquiry*
Optim
Home Networking
WiFi Gateways & Routers
Retail Products
Question*CAPTCHA