http://www.actfax.com/en/privacy.html
English
German
high performance communication
EN
Select your region
Global
Asia Pacific
Europe
Latin America
Middle East/Africa
North America
Select your language
English (Englisch)
German (Deutsch)
Home
Support
Download
Buy
Prices
Contact
7
You need to send documents from individual applications by fax?
Use ActFax to send faxes from any Windows application. It's as easy as printing.
You want a faxing solution that is easy to install and maintain?
ActFax is installed and configured in just a few minutes. Also if you are no IT expert.
Faxes should be automatically sent directly from your applications?
ActFax seamlessly integrates into all your applications. Quick and straightforward.
Received faxes should be automatically delivered to your users?
ActFax routes incoming faxes directly to your users. Fully automatically.
Always keeping track of the status of your fax messages is important for you?
ActFax notifies you by email or through the client software. In a matter of seconds.
The transmission of fax messages should be done through Voice over IP?
Use ActFax in combination with XCAPI. That's the future of faxing.
The reliability of your faxing solution is important for you?
More than 250,000 users worldwide trust in ActFax. Day by day.
4
the professional faxing solution
trusted by more than 250,000 users worldwide
easy to install and maintain
fast. reliable. scaleable.
Home
Miscellaneous
Privacy Statement
Navigation Menu
Products
ActFax Overview
Product Details
Download
Order
Price List
Order Online
Support
Convert License
Knowledge Base
Support Request
Installation
VoIP/FoIP
Web Fax Provider
FAQs
Company Profile
About us
News & Events
References
Partners
Contact
ActFax Privacy Statement
ActFax Communication Privacy Statement
Since your privacy is important to us, ActFax Communication has created this privacy statement in order
to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Your data is strictly processed based on the GDPR (General Data Protection
Regulation).
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the ActFax Communication group
of websites which include:
http://www.actfax.com
https://www.actfax.com
Contact with us
When you contact us through a form on our website or through email, we will store the data
submitted to us for 6 months to process your enquiry and for follow-up questions. We will not
forward your data to any other third parties without your explicit consent.
Information collection
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information")
or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you register for an online
service or when you provide information in connection with an online transaction.
When you order, we ask you for your name, e-mail address, shipping and billing addresses,
telephone number, and credit card information.
When you enter a contest or other promotional event, we may ask for your name, address,
telephone number and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
When you register, we ask you for your name, e-mail address, shipping address, and serial
number.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our
Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your time spent at our sites,
and to gather broad demographic information. This allows us to see which parts of our sites
users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This
means, for instance, that a user's session will be tracked, but the user will remain anonymous.
We do not use it for any other puposes.
When a user submits personal information, it is kept on a private server not accessible from
the Internet. This prevents any malicious use of your information.
Visitors can change or correct information about themselves via our registration system. If
there is a problem with a change being accepted by our system, you may contact us at the email
address support@actfax.com.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most content of
www.actfax.com anonymously. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration. Only
the domain name from which you access the Internet, the Internet address and the date and time
you access our web sites are logged. ActFax Communication uses this information to analyze trends and
to measure the number of visitors to our web sites.
Data processing is done based on
legal provisions § 96 Abs 3 TKG and Art 6 Abs 1 lit a (Agreement)
and/or lit b (required for fulfillment of a contract) of the DSGVO / GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
Online purchases
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure
server, which increases the security of each transaction. Our secure server software (SSL)
encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, we take steps to
protect the customer data we collect from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or
destruction.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payments the user requests through
this service and are not retained for other purposes. When you submit an order on-line,
your credit card number is submitted to the credit institution for normal, routine processing.
ActFax Communication does not collect your personal credit history information and does not share
credit or credit card information with other third parties unless compelled by law or a court
order to do so.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that ActFax Communication is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Sites as well as any
information they might collect, even though our name or logo may appear on those sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the Privacy Statements
of each and every Web site that you visit, as the privacy policy of those sites may differ
from ours.
Cookies
Our website does not use cookies. Disabling cookies in your Web browser does not affect the function
of our website.
Web-Analysis
Our website does not use any Web analysis services. Your IP address is recorded, but immediately made
pseudonymous by removing the last 8 digits of the IP address. This just allows a rough localization.
This website collects and stores information in its server log files that are submitted by your Web browser
to our server. This information in detail is:
Date and time of the server request
used operating system
Browser type and version
Referrer URL (the previously visited site)
IP address of the requesting system (pseudonymous)
A combination of this information with other data sources is not done. All log files are
deleted after statistical evaluation.
Google API Services
ActFax's use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Additional Requirements for Restricted API Scopes.
Additional limits on use of your Google user data: Notwithstanding anything else in this privacy policy, if you provide ActFax access to
the following types of your Google data, ActFax's use of that data will be subject to these additional restrictions:
ActFax will only use access to read, write, modify or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers and settings to provide a web email client that allows users to compose, send, read, and process emails and will not transfer this Gmail data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets.
ActFax will not use this Gmail data for serving advertisements.
ActFax will not allow humans to read this data unless we have your affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for ActFax's internal operations and even then only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Your rights
In general, you have the right for information, correction, deletion, limitation, revokement and protest.
If you suspect that processing of your data is against data privacy laws or your personal data protection requirements,
you can contact the inspecting authority. In Austria this is the "Datenschutzbehörde".
You can reach us under the following contact details
ActFax Communication-Software GmbH
Baeckerberggasse 3
A-3500 Krems an der Donau
Austria
Phone: +43-2732-73204-40
Fax: +43-2732-73204-25
Email: office@actfax.com
To help us improve our privacy policies, please give us your feedback, comments and
suggestions by email to privacy@actfax.com.
Last updated: October 2020
Copyright © 1999-2020 by ActFax Communication-Software GmbH. All rights reserved.
ActFax and ActFax product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of ActFax Communication.
All other product names and services may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.