http://www.inkguides.com/privacy-policy.asp
United States
UK
Share | Save
save on ink & toner up to 70% off!
Printer Ink and Toner Price Comparison
Ink Toner Search
Remanufactured Cartridges
Toner Cartridges
Ink Stores
Start > Privacy Policy
InkGuides.com - Privacy Policy Statement
Your privacy is important for us here at InkGuides.com. In order to encourage you to actually read it, we have divided the Privacy Policy into several chapters, all short and hopefully easy to understand.
If you have any questions regarding the policy, please
contact us!
1. Collected information from connecting web browsers
For every visit made to our web pages, our Web server automatically saves
information about the time and date of the visit as well as the connecting IP number.
Please note that this data cannot be connected to any individual person
visiting our site. We use the collected information to better understand who our
visitors are and what content they like to access.
2. Disclosure of collected information
We do not sell, rent, loan, reuse, or in any other way reveal information that has been gathered by our Web Server. This also includes the email address submitted by users contacting us through the
Contact Us page.
3. Use of cookies
We do use cookies to be able to track how visitors using our site click out to the Ink Stores we are connected to. This information cannot be connected to any individual person visiting and using our site.
4. Use of advertising
We do have a varying number of advertisements on our website. The advertisements are managed by proprietary software which all complies with the guidelines stated in this Privacy Policy.
5 Links to other websites
We link to other websites that are not controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content on these sites. These websites also have their own privacy policies which we encourage you to read through if visiting them.
6. Disclaimer
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. If we make changes to the policy, this will be notified here with a clear statement on what have been changed.
Ink Stores
» CompAndSave» PrintCountry» ComboInk» 123inkjets» 101inks» 123Refills» 4inkjets» TonerNMore» CopierSupplyStore» InkGrabber» 499inks
Printer Cartridges
» Ink Cartridges
» Toner Cartridges
» Compatible Cartridges
» OEM Cartridges
» Remanufactured Cartridges
Printer Brands
» All Printer Brands
» Brother Printer Cartridges
» Canon Printer Cartridges
» Dell Printer Cartridges
» Epson Printer Cartridges
» HP Printer Cartridges
» Konica Minolta Cartridges
» Kyocera Mita Printer Cartridges
» Lexmark Printer Cartridges
» Oki Data Printer Cartridges
» Panasonic Printer Cartridges
» Ricoh Printer Cartridges
» Samsung Printer Cartridges
» Sharp Printer Cartridges
» Toshiba Printer Cartridges
» Xerox Printer Cartridges
Ink & Toner
» Inkjet Ink
» Laser Toner
» Printer Ribbons
» Solid Ink (Xerox Phaser)
Printer & Printing Articles
»
Recycling and Green Printing
» Printer & Printing Help
» Printer Technology
» Printer Supplies
» Printer Programming
» Printer Software
Ads
About us
Contact us
InkGuides FAQ
Privacy Policy
Partners
Terms of use
Sitemap
Inkguides.com is an independent information website about
printer ink, not affiliated with any retailer or distributor.
Epson®, HP®, Dell®, Lexmark®, Canon®, Brother®, Samsung® and other manufacturer brand names and logos
are registered trademarks of their respective owners. We reference these Mfg names for compatibility purposes only.
Copyright © 2006-2020 www.inkguides.com - USA - All Rights Reserved.
Didn't find what you're looking for? - Search for ink
at Dmoz.