http://www.petefinnigan.com/legal.htm
LegalHome/Legal
PeteFinnigan.com Limited Cookie Policy and Privacy Statement
EFFECTIVE FROM: 25-May-2018
UPDATE: This legal policy was last updated 27-05-2018 (change history in comments)
Applicability
This policy applies to petefinnigan.com and all sub-domains, petefinnigan.co.uk, petefinnigan.net and also to pfclscan.com,
pfclobfuscate.com and pfclsupport.com
Legal
All of the information on this website in all or any form or held on any media is copyright PeteFinnigan.com Limited unless otherwise stated. The material on this site is made freely available
to anyone who would like to read it but it is not in the public domain. We reserve the right to edit material available on this site in anyway we see fit.
None of the material on this site can be freely copied, hosted, re-hosted or in any other way made available
from anywhere else but on this website in the original language or any other translated language. Express permission may be sought
from info@petefinnigan.com but may not be granted.
PFCLScan
Simply connect PFCLScan to your Oracle database and
it will automatically discover the security issues that could make your Oracle
database vulnerable to attack and to the potential loss of your data.
Learn more
PFCLCode
PFCLCode is a tool to allow you to analyse your PL/SQL code for many different types of security issues.
PFCLCode gives you a detailed review and reports and includes a powerful colour syntax highlighting code editor
Learn more
PFCLObfuscate
PFCLObfuscate is the only tool available that can automatically add license controls to your PL/SQL code. PFCLObfuscate
protects your Intellectual Property invested in your PL/SQL database code.
Learn more
PFCLForensics
PFCLForensics is the only tool available to allow you to do a detailed live response of a breached Oracle database and
to then go on and do a detailed forensic analysis of the data gathered.
Learn more
PFCLUserRights
PFCLUserRights allows you to create a very detailed view of database users rights. The focus of
the reports is to allow you to decide what privileges and accounts to keep and which to remove.
Learn more
PFCLATK
PFCLATK is a toolkit that allows detailed pre-defined policy driven audit trails for your Oracle
database. The toolkit also provides for a centralised audit trail and centralised activity reporting
Learn more
PFCLTraining
PFCLTraining is a set of expert training classes for you, aimed at teaching how to audit your own Oracle database,
design audit trails, secure code in PL/SQL and secure and lock down your Oracle database.
Learn more
PFCLServices
Choose PFCLServices to add PeteFinnigan.com Ltd to your team for your Oracle Security needs. We are
experts in performing detailed security audits, data security design work and policy creation
Learn more