https://www.londonwebfactory.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
1. Acceptance of Terms
Your access to and use of www.londonwebfactory.com (“the Website”) is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. You will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By using the Website you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the Website.
2. Advice
The contents of the Website do not constitute advice and should not be relied upon in making for refraining from making, any decision.
3. Changes to Website
The London Web Factory reserves the right to:
3.1 change or remove (temporarily or permanently) the Website or any part of it without notice and you confirm that the London Web Factory shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal; and
3.2 change these Terms and Conditions at any time, and your continued use of the Website following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change.
4. Links to Third Party Websites
The Website may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of which websites and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
5. Copyright
5.1 All copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in the Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website) are owned by or licensed to the London Web Factory or otherwise used by the London Web Factory as permitted by law.
5.2 In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the content solely for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
6. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
6.1 The Website is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
6.2 To the extent permitted by law, the London Web Factory will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website.
6.3 The London Web Factory makes no warranty that the functionality of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive.
6.4 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to exclude or limit the liability of the London Web Factory for death or personal injury as a result of the negligence of the London Web Factory or that of its employees or agents.
7. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold the London Web Factory and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, costs, and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against the London Web Factory arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions or other liabilities arising out of your use of this website.
8. Severance
If any of the Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
9. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
What Next? Ask advice or arrange a free no-obligation quotation. Call the London Web Factory on 0203 962 1942 or you can email us.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn MoreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only