https://www.georgiasoftworks.com/terms
Toggle navigation
$0.00
Georgia SoftWorks
Products
Universal Terminal Server (UTS) Telnet ServerTelnet / SSH Server for Windows
UTS w/ SSH Server for WindowsUTS w/ SSH Server for Windows
FIPS 140-2 Compliant Windows SSHSSH Server and Clients
Rocket Terminal EngineRocket Terminal Engine
RF Directed Terminal I/O (DTIO) EngineRF Directed Terminal
Business Tunnel - SSHSSH Business Tunnel
GSW ConnectBot Client for AndroidGSW ConnectBot Client for Android
Support
Open a Support Ticket
Support Information
Product Registration Assistance
Product Support Information
Contact our Support Team
Contact our Sales Team
Make Payment
Media
Blog
Articles
Press Releases
Social Media Feeds
Testimonials
Resellers
Find a Reseller
Become a Reseller
Find a Partner
Search
Cart Total:
$0.00
Terms of Use
Site Use (www.georgiasoftworks.com)
Thank you for visiting our website (www.georgiasoftworks.com), hereinafter referred to as "Website," "website," or "Site." This page contains the Terms and Conditions (including Video and Audio content) for our website: You may view our website's Privacy Policy and other policies on other web pages on this site, which is a part of the Terms and Conditions.
If you want to view or use www.georgiasoftworks.com, you must agree to conform to and be legally bound by the terms and conditions described below. If you disagree with any of these terms or conditions, do not use our website. These Policies, Terms, Conditions, and Customer Agreements If you are our customer, any customer agreement between us supersedes these policies, terms and conditions to the extent there is any conflict with the terms and conditions of the customer agreement.
Video and Audio Content
This website (www.georgiasoftworks.com) may contain one or more videos and/or audio recordings (individually and collective hereinafter referred to as the "Recordings"). This section describes our respective rights and responsibilities with regard to the Recordings.
Recordings Are For Entertainment And Informational Purposes Only
All Recordings are to be watched and/or listened to for informational and entertainment purposes only. Recordings are not intended to provide specific legal, financial, tax, physical or mental health advice, or any other advice whatsoever to you, any other individual or company, and should not be relied upon in that regard. Any products or services described in the Recordings are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Information provided in Recordings is not all-inclusive, is limited to information that is made available, and such information should not be relied upon as all-inclusive or accurate.
Embedded Recordings From External Social Media Sites Not Owned By Us
Some of the Recordings embedded for your viewing and listening pleasure are hosted on social media websites not owned by us. This may include, but is not limited to, sites such as YouTube.com (individually and collectively, the "Third Party Social Media Sites").
We make no claim to the intellectual property rights of the owners of Third Party Social Media Sites. We also make no claim to the intellectual property rights of third party creators of Recordings hosted on Third Party Social Media Sites. Our embedding of such Recordings on this website is done pursuant to applicable licenses to do so granted by the Third Party Social Media Sites.
Embedding Recordings on this website does not create an association, agency, joint venture, or partnership between us and the owners of the Third Party Social Media Sites or impose any liability attributable to such a relationship upon either party.
Recordings are only provided for your convenience. We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, relevance, or timeliness of any information contained in the Recordings. You should know that Third Party Social Media Sites may track your viewing and listening habits.
If Recordings embedded on this website were created by us but are hosted on Third Party Social Media Sites, we retain all intellectual property rights for such Recordings except to the extent we granted a license to Third Party Social Media Sites to the Recordings. The hosting of these Recordings by Third Party Social Media Sites does not grant you any rights to such Recordings except to the extent provided under the applicable licenses those sites grant to viewers and listeners of Recordings they host on their websites.
Embedded Recordings Owned By Us And Hosted On Our Servers Or Third Party Servers Excluding Third Party Social Media Sites
Some of the Recordings embedded for your viewing and listening pleasure may be created by us and hosted on our servers or third party servers. This may include, but is not limited to cloud hosting services from Amazon.com or others but excludes the Third Party Social Media Sites described above.
We own the copyrights and all other intellectual property rights for these Recordings unless otherwise expressly noted. We make no claim to the intellectual property rights of the owners of third party servers who by contractual agreement are hosting our Recordings for us.
Hosting our Recordings on third party servers does not create an association, agency, joint venture, or partnership between us and the owners of those servers, or impose any liability attributable to such a relationship upon either party.
Recordings are only provided for your convenience. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, relevance, or timeliness of any information contained in the Recordings. You should know that we and/or the owners of third party servers hosting the Recordings may track your viewing and/or listening habits.
Personal Non-Exclusive Revocable Nontransferable License
When you watch or listen to the Recordings on this website, you understand and agree that you are doing so pursuant to a personal non-exclusive revocable nontransferable license from us to do so.
The Recordings remain the sole and exclusive property of their respective owners, which retain all rights thereto. You understand and agree that the Recordings may not be resold by you or otherwise distributed with or without consideration. You will not make the Recordings available to any third party. You may not reproduce or summarize any of the Recordings in any manner.
You agree to destroy any of the Recordings cached on your computer or otherwise in your possession within 24 hours of watching or listening to said Recordings. Notwithstanding this provision, you agree to immediately destroy any Recordings in your possession upon material violation of the terms and conditions contained in this document, or upon request by us that you do so.
Broken or Obsolete Recordings
We review our website periodically for broken or out-of-date Recordings. Any and all Recordings may be posted, altered, or removed at any time. To report problems with Recordings on our website, or for more information, please send an email to admin[at]georgiasoftworks.com.
Licensee Status
You understand and agree that your use of our website is limited and non-exclusive as an individual nontransferable revocable licensee. We may, within our sole discretion, terminate your license to use our website, and access to our website, for any reason or no reason whatsoever, and without giving you notice.
Content Ownership
All content on our website is owned by us or our content suppliers. On behalf of ourselves and our content suppliers, we claim all property rights, including intellectual property rights, for this content and you are not allowed to infringe upon those rights. We will prosecute to the fullest extent of the law anyone who attempts to steal our property.
You agree not to copy content from our website without our permission. Any requests to use our content should be submitted to us by email to admin[at]georgiasoftworks.com.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed upon by our website content, please notify us by sending an email to admin[at]georgiasoftworks.com, or by sending postal mail to us at the address listed below. Please describe in detail the alleged infringement, including the factual and legal basis for your claim of ownership.
For copyright infringement issues, please follow the instructions in the DMCA Notice found below on this web page.
Mobile Apps
We may provide you with services via a computer program designed to run on smartphones, tablet computers, or other mobile electronic devices (a “Mobile App”). If we provide you with a Mobile App either directly (e.g. download from our website) or indirectly (e.g. via a third party Mobile App store), you are solely responsible for using the Mobile App in a safe manner, including but not limited to obeying applicable pedestrian and motor vehicle traffic laws.
If a Mobile App developed by or for a third party contains a link (affiliate or otherwise) to our products or services, we are not responsible for the content of or your use of the third party Mobile App.
Disclaimers And Limitations Of Liability
THE INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES, STATUTORY WARRANTIES, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT OUR WEBSITE WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, BE ERROR-FREE, MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS IN OUR WEBSITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE SHOULD NOT NECESSARILY BE RELIED UPON AND SHOULD NEVER BE CONSTRUED TO BE PROFESSIONAL ADVICE FROM US. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON SUCH INFORMATION.
IF YOUR JURISDICTION DOES NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES, THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING DAMAGES FROM LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OUR WEBSITE, YOUR WEBSITE USE, OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
OUR TOTAL LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO OUR WEBSITE SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED ($100) DOLLARS AND THAT AMOUNT SHALL BE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER REMEDIES WHICH YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US OR OUR AFFILIATES (IF ANY). ANY SUCH CLAIM SHALL BE SUBJECT TO CONFIDENTIAL BINDING ARBITRATION AS DESCRIBED LATER IN THIS DOCUMENT.
Cyber-Bullying and Internet Harassment
Cyber-bullying and Internet harassment are prohibited. Although we support First Amendment free speech rights, such rights are limited where the purpose or effect of the expression is to bully, harass, threaten, ridicule, embarrass, and/or intimidate others. This is particularly true in matters involving race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, physical disability, and/or mental condition.
If we decide, in our sole discretion, that you have committed cyber-bullying acts or Internet harassment, we reserve the right to unilaterally suspend or ban your use of our Website immediately with or without notice to you. Although we are not obligated to do so, we reserve the right to monitor, investigate, and remove material posted to our Website that we determine constitutes cyber-bullying or Internet harassment.
If we suspect that the cyber-bullying acts or Internet harassment constitutes illegal activity, we may, in our sole discretion, provide information to law enforcement or other government officials for purposes of investigating the misconduct. Examples of illegal conduct include, but are not limited to, threats of violence, sending sexually explicit images, and stalking others. This sharing of information is consistent with our Website’s Privacy Policy terms governing suspected illegal activity.
Obscene and Offensive Content
We are not responsible for any obscene or offensive content that you receive or view from others while using our website. However, if you do receive or view such content, please contact us by email to admin[at]georgiasoftworks.com so that we can investigate the matter. Although we are not obligated to do so, we reserve the right to monitor, investigate, and remove obscene or offensive material posted to our website.
Indemnification
You understand and agree that you will indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliates (if any) harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising from your use of our website or your violation of these terms, conditions, and policies.
Compliance With Governing Law And Dispute Resolution
You agree to obey all applicable laws while using our website.
You agree that the laws of GA and United States govern these terms and conditions of use without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. If you reside in the European Union, you understand and agree that GA and United States laws govern these terms and conditions, taking precedence over any rights you might otherwise have under Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). Any GDPR rights you may have are ancillary and subservient to the laws of GA and United States.
You also agree that any dispute between you and us, excluding any intellectual property right infringement claims we pursue against you, shall be settled solely by confidential binding arbitration per the American Arbitration Association commercial arbitration rules. All claims must arbitrated on an individual basis, and cannot be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of anyone else. All arbitration must occur in Dawson, GA, United States. Each party shall bear one half of the arbitration fees and costs incurred, and each party is responsible for its own lawyer fees.
External Links Policy
Our website, www.georgiasoftworks.com, contains hypertext links to websites and other information created and maintained by other individuals and organizations. These links are only provided for your convenience. We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, relevance, or timeliness of any information or privacy policies posted on these linked websites. You should know that these websites may track visitor viewing habits.
Unless otherwise expressly stated by us, hyperlinks to particular items do not reflect their importance, and are not an endorsement of the individuals or organizations sponsoring the websites, the views expressed on the websites, or the products or services offered on the websites.
We permit links to our website if they do not imply an endorsement by, or affiliation with, our website absent written consent. If we operate an affiliate program, our affiliates may link to our website pursuant to the terms and conditions of our affiliate program agreement with them.
We review our website periodically for broken or out-of-date links. Any and all links may be posted, altered, or removed at any time. Please note that links to external websites may expire over time. Such expiration is beyond our control. To report problems with links on our website, or for more information about this policy, please send an e-mail to admin[at]georgiasoftworks.com.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
("DMCA") Notice
This notice is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, legal advice. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed upon, or if a notice of infringement has been filed against you, you should immediately seek legal counsel.
This website, including all text, HTML, scripts, and images are copyrighted, owned, and/or licensed by Georgia SoftWorks. All rights reserved.
NO PART OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE REPRODUCED OR TRANSMITTED IN ANY FORM OR BY ANY MEANS, MECHANICAL, ELECTRONIC, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING PHOTOCOPYING AND RECORDING, OR BY ANY INFORMATION STORAGE AND RETRIEVAL SYSTEM, OR TRANSMITTED BY E-MAIL, OR USED IN ANY OTHER FASHION WITHOUT THE EXPRESS PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE WEBSITE OWNER.
This, of course, excludes the downloading and temporary caching of this website on a personal computer for the explicit purpose of viewing this website, as well as any information clearly marked as reproducible. This copyright notice applies to everyone, including all visitors to this website.
DMCA Provisions
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, found at 17 U.S.C. § 512 ("DMCA"), provides recourse for owners of copyrighted materials who believe that their rights under United States copyright law have been infringed upon on the Internet.
Under the DMCA, the bona fide owner of copyrighted materials who has a good faith belief that their copyright has been infringed may contact not only the person or entity infringing on their copyright, but may also contact the designated agent of an Internet service provider to report alleged infringements of their protected works, when such alleged infringements appear on pages contained within the system of the Internet service provider ("ISP").
The owner of this website and the ISP are committed to complying with international trade law, international trade practices, all United States laws, including United States copyright law. Upon receipt of a properly filed complaint under the DMCA, the owner and/or the ISP of this website will block access to the allegedly infringing material. The website owner and/or the ISP will forward a copy of the notification of claimed copyright infringement to the alleged infringer. Anyone who believes in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has wrongfully been filed against them, may submit a Counternotice to the website owner and/or the ISP.
Georgia SoftWorks may revise these terms at any time. You should review from time to time to see the current terms. If you choose to access this Site from within the United States or outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws.
Trademark Information
Georgia SoftWork is a trademark or registered trademark of Georgia SoftWorks, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Georgia SoftWorks trademarks may be used publicly only with Georgia SoftWorks express written permission. Fair use of Georgia SoftWorks trademarks in promotion and advertising of Georgia SoftWorks' products requires proper acknowledgement. Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Information submitted to Georgia SoftWorks via this Site is governed by Georgia SoftWorks'
Privacy Policy pertaining to personal information.