http://www.qsoftware.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Q Software Privacy Policy
Effective: May 18, 2018
Q Software Global Ltd is incorporated in England and provides Audit, Security Control, Compliance and Productivity Tools and Services for JD Edwards, Oracle® E-Business Suite and Oracle ERP Cloud.
We are committed to preserving the privacy of all our customers, contacts and visitors to our website.  This policy sets out how we use and protect the information that you may provide to us, and what choices you have with respect to this.
Why we process your data
We may process your data to send you appropriate and useful communications. This includes, but is not limited to; our latest assets (whitepapers, guides, reports, infographics, videos and case studies), invitations to our events and webinars, and promotional information and offers on software and services.
Our lawful basis for processing your data
It is in Q Software’s legitimate business interest to keep our customers and contacts informed of our latest content, products and services.
We process customer and contact data and use direct marketing as part of this legitimate interest. It’s necessary for us to use a variety of direct marketing channels and messages to ensure our contacts are kept informed, and wherever possible we make sure the messages we send are targeted and relevant.
We will keep your data safely and securely for as long as necessary or according to your instructions, and we review the data we hold at least once every two years. If you’d like more information about how we store your data, please contact us directly.
Types of data we collect
If you provide personal data about yourself to us via our website, we may collect non-sensitive information, such as:
Your name
Your job title
Your job function
Your email address and contact number
Your postal business address
The name of the organization you work for
The type of industry you work in
Use of cookies and tracking technologies
When you browse our website, we may collect information about your visit to our website. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our website. We may collect this information through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Cookies allow us to provide important site functionality so you don’t have to re-enter lots of information. They also allow us to remember what links and pages have been clicked or viewed during a session. If you have provided us with personal data, completing a contact form for example, we may associate this personal data with other information. This will allow us to identify and record what is most relevant to you.
By using your browser controls, you are always in control of the cookies we store and access on your computer. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
To ensure our prospects and clients receive the most relevant communications, we use some automated processes to send you communications. These processes (such as lead scoring and marketing based on behaviour), might indicate what the contents of a marketing email may be, or indicate to us when the best time to contact you might be.
IP address lookup
We use third parties to provide information about visitors to our websites. When you visit our website, we will record your IP address. This address will be matched against public and proprietary IP address databases to provide us with information about your visit. This information may identify the organization to whom the IP address is registered, but not individuals. In some limited cases i.e. single person companies, it may be possible to identify personal data from publicly available ICANN data.
Third party data
Q Software may receive data about organisations, industries, website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from our partners, affiliates or others, that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with other information we collect and might include aggregate level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Additional information provided to Q Software
We may receive and store other information when submitted to our website, or if you participate in an activity or event, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Q Software.
Recipients of the data we collect
In some cases, we may share the data we collect from you with trusted third-party partners to support our business. We always let you know this before we collect your data, so you can make an informed decision.
Specific cases where we may do this are:
Digital content supplied by our partners, e.g. whitepapers, guides, surveys, webinars.
In these cases, we’ll ask you to complete an online form to gain access to this content. We will always tell you the name of the partner (company) with which we will be sharing the data collected in the form.
Offline content delivered by our partners at our face to face events.
In these cases, you may have attended a presentation or face to face session by one or more of our partners at one of our events, or at a partner event co-hosted by Q Software.
When you register for these sessions we will always tell you the name of the partner (company) with which we will be sharing the data we collected from you.
Any personal data we share with our partners is shared only on the basis that the data will be used by the partner under a lawful basis of legitimate interest and according to the requirements of the GDPR.
Data processing partners
Q Software may provide your personal information to trusted businesses or persons, acting under a confidentiality agreement, for the purpose of processing personal information on behalf of Q Software. These parties are required to process such information based on instructions from Q Software and in accordance with this Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Q Software may transfer your data if Q Software is acquired by or merged with another company.  Q Software will provide notice before this occurs and will post a new Policy if necessary.
Data Protection Authority
You have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Information on how to do this is available on http://ico.org.uk
Your rights over the personal data we hold
You can reasonably request access to the personal data we hold on you, at any time, and we will provide that information free of charge within one month of your request at the latest. We will supply any data you request in a CSV file.
You can request inaccurate or incomplete personal data held on you to be rectified or completed or for your personal data to be suppressed or erased, and we will respond within one month of your request at the latest.
Your right to object
You have the right to opt out of our direct marketing at any point, and we will deal with your request right away. You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails automatically by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email message.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you are seeking to exercise any of your rights, you can contact us here:
privacy@qsoftware.com
The Data Protection Officer
Q Software Global Ltd
Connect House
Kingston Road
Leatherhead
KT22 7LT
United Kingdom
Changes to this Privacy Policy
As we continue to improve or update our website, we may update this policy. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Contact Us
Sign Up for News
Support
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2013-2020 Q Software Global Limited
Business Solutions
License Audit
Audit Reporting
Segregation of Duties
Fraud Detection and Prevention
Security Management
Products and Services
For Oracle ERP Cloud
For Oracle E-Business Suite
For JD Edwards EnterpriseOne
For JD Edwards World
Events
Oracle ERP Cloud
Oracle E-Business Suite
JD Edwards
ERP Resources
Oracle ERP Cloud
Oracle E-Business Suite
JD Edwards EnterpriseOne
JD Edwards World
Business Solution Resources
SoD, Audit, SOX Compliance
Fraud Detection and Prevention
Security Management
Oracle License Audit
About Us
About Q Software
The Leadership Team
News
Job Vacancies
Partners
Worldwide Partners
Partner Portal
Search
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used.
If you continue to use this site, we will assume you are happy with this.
To find out more, including how to disable cookies, see our Cookie policy.
OKCookie Policy