https://www.tenouk.com/privacy.html
|
Main
|
Site Index |
Download |
Disclaimer |
TENOUK  PRIVACY  STATEMENTS
The following paragraphs fully describe the tenouk.com practice regarding the information you provide and use when using the Tutorial and or accessing
www.tenouk.com.
For the Email a Friend or Tell your Friends service, if any, personal information is not collected, stored or used in any fashion.
For the Post a Comment service, if any, your name and email address, if provided, are posted along with your comment on our sites if any, but not used for any other purpose. If possible only the message or quote will be kept for reference.
For the Site Feedback or Your Feedback service, if any, personal information is not collected or stored or used for any other purpose. If possible only the messages or quotes will be kept for reference.
This site contains third party invisible hit counter.  The hit counter log the browser's domain name, and IP address. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individual.
To enable the third party hit counter, to track the unique visitor to this site, the service provider send a cookie to your computer. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individual and this can be disabled by changing your browser setting.
Most of the pages in this site also has a third party advertisements
and affiliate links that include the Google Adsense's Pay
Per Click (PPC) type. These ads and affiliate displayed in the form of text
and/or image. These monetization schemes will be used just to support this site
and its friends in term of hosting services, including the domain name maintenance
(that incurs monthly basis), to make it possible for it to float on the Internet
domain as long as possible. It has no element of violating the user's privacy,
user data collection and any similar matters. All the third party ads have their
own disclaimer and privacy statements that should be read together if you are
concern about this issue. The information can be found directly in the text
or image link of the ads normally at the top-right of the ads.
At
tenouk.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important.
Here is the detail information on what types of personal information we receive
and collect when you use and visit tenouk.com, and how we safeguard your
information.  We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As
with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address,
your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you
used to visit our site (such as Chrome or Firefox), the time you
visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We
do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you
visit our site.  This may show you a pop-up [not available at tenouk.com] once in your visit,
or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums [not available at tenouk.com].
We
also use third party advertisements on tenouk.com to support our site.  Some of
these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they
advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google
through the Google Adsense program) information including your IP address, your
ISP , the browser you used to visit our site. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes
(showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or
showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads
to someone who frequents cooking sites).
Google Marketing Platform (previously DoubleClick DART) cookies
We
also may use these cookies for ad serving, which
places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web site and visit a site
using which Google Marketing Platform advertising.
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to your interests (”interest
based targeting”).  The ads served will be targeted based on your previous
browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las
Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related
site, such as on a site about hockey).  Google uses “non personally identifiable
information”.  It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your
name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security
numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.  You can opt-out of this
ad serving on all sites using this advertising scheme by visiting
Google Marketing Platform.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party
cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in browser settings.  However, this can affect how you are able to interact
with our site as well as other websites.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising
program.  Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you
visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
From time to time, other network ads will also be served in similar ways.
Spam will be treated in the strictest manner.
www.tenouk.com
|
Main
|
Site Index |
Download |
Disclaimer |