http://www.teoco.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
TEOCO respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. Generally, you can browse through our website without giving us any information about yourself, except for the specific purposes set forth below. When we do need your personal information to provide services that you request or when you choose to provide us with your personal information, for example when you decide to contact us for additional information or subscribe to our newsletter, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
Information Collection
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
Anonymized and Statistical Information
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously indicated that you wish TEOCO to remember your details. We don’t automatically collect personal information, including your email address.
We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there, but we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our website.  Like many other commercial websites, the TEOCO website may use a standard technology called a ‘cookie’ to collect information about how you use the site.
Information for Customer Support and Inquiries
For customer support, we collect and store personal information, such as name, company name, email address, business affiliation and contact information when you log a customer support inquiry.  For general inquiries or requests with respect to our products or services or when you contact us for the purpose of purchasing products and services, we will use such information to contact you only for the purposes for which you sent the inquiry.
Information for Marketing and Promotional Purposes
We also collect and store personal information, such as your email address, if you subscribe to receiving industry insights and news, for the purpose of sending you product information, marketing, business and promotional materials or information on our future events. We do so only if you have given your explicit, free and informed consent for such purposes. In line with the applicable regulations we will always give you the opportunity to opt in to our mailing list and without your consent we will not add you to our mailing list to receive direct marketing or market research information. Without your opt-in consent historic data will be deleted.
Information for the maintenance and Improvement of our Website and Services
We may also use your personal information, such as name, company name and email address, when you send us inquiries regarding our products and services via the website contact us form and email links to info@teoco.com or contactteoco@teoco.com or when you browse the website, to administrate and improve this website or our products and services, for our internal records and/or for statistical analysis.
Legal Basis for Processing
Our collection and processing of personal information is based on the following:
To the extent that we use the personal information to improve this website or for analysing statistics, the basis for collection of data is our legitimate interest to conduct such improvements and analysis.
Our need to carry out the above processing of information, which is in anticipation of entering into commercial engagements or as part of the performance of existing engagements with you or the organization you work for.
To the extent that we use the personal information for advertising or promotional activities, we will request your specific, freely-given, unbundled, informed and separate consent to such uses.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Because TEOCO is a global company, your personal information may be shared with other TEOCO offices or subsidiaries around the world. All such entities are governed by this Privacy Policy or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
TEOCO may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested as part of our contractual relationship; we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of TEOCO to provide a product or service  you have requested as part of our contractual relationship  (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the product or service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose); in the event of sale or transfer of all or substantially all of TEOCO or any TEOCO affiliate’s shares or assets, in cases of mergers or in case of negotiations with respect to the foregoing; or we want to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you’d like to hear about either from us or from our business partners (unless you have opted out of these types of communications), only if you gave your explicit, free and informed consent to such processing activities, as detailed above. We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our website.
For the above purposes, personal information may be transferred to recipients in countries around the world (which may be located outside the EU/EEA, European Economic Area) which in some cases may have a lower level of protection than that within the EU/EEA. When transferring personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA, to jurisdictions that did not receive an adequacy decision by the European Commission, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure a sufficient level of protection for your personal information. The standard contractual clauses can be found via the following link.
Other than as described above, any other transfer of your personal information to third parties will be subject to your consent.
Data Retention
TEOCO stores the personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which the data has been collected. This means that TEOCO deletes your personal information when such information is no longer necessary. Statistics which has been anonymised may be saved thereafter.
Data Subject Rights
You may at any time request the rectification or erasure of your personal information. Please note however that deletion could mean that TEOCO cannot process your requests or provide you any requested services. You have the right to request a copy of your personal information from our record. You have the right to request a limitation of the use of your personal information (for example if you deem the information to be incorrect) or the termination of use of your personal information (for example as regards the use of the information to improve our services).
Data Security
TEOCO safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures, taking into consideration the state of the art technology, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of processing your personal information. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
Third Party Sites
Our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. TEOCO does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. Some of these third-party sites may have permission to include the TEOCO logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by TEOCO. Although we choose our business partners carefully, TEOCO is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TEOCO may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.
Privacy Inquiries
TEOCO is responsible for the processing of your personal information, and requests to exercise your rights as stated above shall be addressed to dpo@teoco.com.
If you are a resident of the EU/EEA, and have a complaint regarding the processing of your personal information by TEOCO you are entitled to report such dissatisfaction to the applicable supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Want to hear more?
Contact Us
This website uses cookies: Please read our privacy policy and cookie policy for full details. I am happy for this website to use cookies