http://www.ruggedtabletpc.com/privacy-policy
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of European Union, we have updated our Privacy Policy which is effective immediately. This site uses cookies and tracking technologies to offer users a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, analyze how our website is used and compile anonymous and aggregate statistics, and improve our website. Cookie settings must be changed in your browser settings. By continuing to use this site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
•  Request a DEMO TABLET today -- Conditions apply  •
Account
( items)
Toggle navigation
Products
Rugged xTablets
Entry-Level
Mid-Performance
High Performance
TAA Tablets
View All Tablets & Cases
Mounts & Accessories
Rugged Handhelds
A680 Handheld
Office Dock
Scan Handle
Screen Protectors
Rugged xCase for Surface
xCase for Surface Go / Go 2
xCase for Surface Pro
Surface Bundles
TAA Surface Bundles
Mounting Hardware
Type Cover
Screen Protectors
Rugged xCase for iPad
xCase for iPad Mini
xCase for iPad 9.7
Education xCase for iPad 9.7
xCase for iPad 10.2
xCase for iPad / iPad Air 10.5
xCase for iPad Pro 11
iPad Bundles
Mounting Hardware
Screen Protectors
Software & Apps
xDIM™ Mobile
xKeyPad
Barcode Generator
Sensor Monitor
MobileDemand Demo
xSalesMap
Power BI Dashboard
eXtras
Drivers & Downloads
xProtect Service Plan
Warranty Information
Finance Your Tablet Project
Sales & Savings
Industries
View All Industries
Agriculture & Farming
Construction
Education
Energy - Oil, Gas & Mining
Field Services
Food & Beverage Distribution
Healthcare
Healthcare Virtual Presence
Law Enforcement
Manufacturing
Public Sector Fire Department
Restaurants
Retail In-Store
Retail Supply Chain
Transportation & Logistics
Warehousing
Resources
Demand More
Blog
Success Stories
Customer Feedback
FAQs
MIL Spec Overview
Mounting
Mounting Made Easy
Forklift-Mounted Tablets
Vehicle Mounting
Partner Information
Partner Directory
Reseller Partner Program
ISV Partner Program
Referral Partner Program
xTend Your Tablet
Barcode Scanning Tablets
3D Camera Systems
Resources
Drivers & Downloads
Barcode Generator
About
Why MobileDemand
Company History
MobileDemand Team
Careers
News
Events
Contact
RMA Service Request
Technical Support
Demo Request
Contact
Sign up for news and special offers
Sign up for news and special offers
MobileDemand [www.RuggedTabletPC.com] Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally identifiable information (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to processing of PII, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
What PII do we collect from the people that visit our website, blog, or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect PII?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your PII?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways to:
Allow us to better service you in responding to customer service requests.
Quickly process transactions.
Send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect PII?
PII is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of MobileDemand employees who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Transport Security Layer (TSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of European Union, we have updated our Privacy Policy which is effective immediately. This site uses cookies and tracking technologies to offer users a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, analyze how our website is used and compile anonymous and aggregate statistics, and improve our website.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. This is done through browser settings (Internet Explorer, Chrome, etc.) settings. Each browser is different; review your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify cookies.
If you disable cookies some features will be disabled that improve your site experience and efficiency. Some of our services will not function properly, including the ability to place orders online.
Third party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer PII to outside parties. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-PII visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of PII from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
To be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within seven (7) business days.
We will notify the users via in site notification within seven (7) business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
If we collect your email address, to be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at Privacy@MobileDemand.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below:
www.RuggedTabletPC.com
1501 Boyson Square Drive - Suite 101
Hiawatha, Iowa  52233
United States
Privacy@MobileDemand.com
319.363.4121
Last edited on 2018-08-17.