http://www.teamdev.com/terms-and-privacy
TeamDev
Home
Our Work
About
Contacts
Careers
×
TeamDev
Home
Our Work
Cloud Computing
Computer Vision
About
Contacts
Careers
Our Products
Domain-Driven Design
Spine
Browser Integration
JxBrowser
JxBrowser
DotNetBrowser
DotNetBrowser
Java Native Integration
JxCapture
JxCapture
ComfyJ
ComfyJ
JNIWrapper
JNIWrapper
Our Expertise
Cloud Computing
Cloud Computing
Computer Vision
Computer Vision
Terms and Privacy
Terms of Use
Copyright and usage of the website content
Disclaimer
Trademarks
Privacy Statement
Intro
What information we collect
How we use your information
How we store your information
How we share your information
Cookie policy
Privacy disclaimer
Contact us
Send requests
Terms of Use
Please do carefully read the statement below before you start using this site.
The permission to use this site depends upon your consent to the terms
stated herein, and if you do not agree with these terms in full, you
should leave this site immediately and cease to use any information that you
may have obtained from this site.
These terms also apply to the information posted on our official
information channels on social networks and support forums, owned and under
control of TeamDev.
Copyright and usage of the website content
The copyright and all other rights to the materials on this site belong to
TeamDev Ltd.
You are entitled to view, download and reproduce any materials contained on this
website solely for your internal use or personal information. When using
information from this site you should:
leave all the respective original notices in place;
utilize the images on the site only together with the surrounding text;
include the following copyright notice: © TeamDev Ltd. All rights reserved.
You are strictly prohibited to publish or use for any commercial purposes
any materials from this website without prior written permission from TeamDev.
Disclaimer
The information contained on this website and other information channels under
control of TeamDev is for informational purposes only and does not imply
warranty of any kind. We accept no responsibility of any kind
for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or any other damages, which
may result from reliance upon any information, omission, or material contained
on this website or accessed through it.
Any statements about future releases, features, improvements or changes to TeamDev
products or services are based on the information available to TeamDev
as of the day such statements are made and are intended to outline
general development plans. Such statements do not represent any commitment,
guarantee or obligation on the side of TeamDev. TeamDev does not
assume warranty of any kind in relation to such statements and shall
not be responsible for any consequences of your decisions made in reliance
on this information.
The information on this site and other information channels under control of TeamDev
can be updated, removed or changed without prior notice. TeamDev does not
guarantee that the information or this website is error-free.
Pricing disclaimer
Prices indicated on this website are subject to change without prior notice
from TeamDev. Request an official quote for the purpose of purchase
processing.
Trademarks
Java and JavaScript are registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Microsoft, Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft
Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Chromium™, Google Chrome™, and Google Maps™ are trademarks of Google
Inc.
All other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Privacy Statement
Intro
Our Privacy Policy covers processing of all personal information that we may
collect anytime you visit our website or purchase our products and services.
“We” shall mean the companies, identified in Contact us section below.
What information we collect
At evaluation
We collect your personal information, such as: name, surname, email, your
job title and your telephone.
At purchasing
We also collect your company name and company address.
On the site
When you visit our site we additionally collect some general information,
including the type of your browser, the files you request, the domain name and
the country from where you request the information.
How we use your information
We use general information about you to improve performance and usability
of our website.
We use your personal information to contact you and provide you with:
our product and services, for example, send you the licenses and provide you
with support.
Information about the product that you evaluate or purchase. Here are
examples for reasons to send you notifications: updates on the change
the product functionality, changes to supported platforms, inclusion of a new
technology, product or feature discontinuation, legal notices.
Support renewal reminders.
With your permission we may send you information on the new releases that
significantly enhance the product functionality, or more advanced products out
of our product line. We may also send you offers with privileged prices.
You can let us know anytime if you do not want to receive this
information any more. See the Contact us section of this policy.
How we store your information
We collect and store the information on our local servers (outside EU)
and also in the cloud. Use and storage of the personal information is governed
by our in-house security policies, which include administrative, technical and
physical security measures. We transfer information securely — using
the appropriate information encoding methods.
We will store information about you unless you request us to delete it.
You can request from us what information we have about you, and we will
provide it to you in a an electronic form. You can ask to correct
or delete your personal information. We will process any information
deletion requests in accordance with provisions of Article 17 of the
GDPR.
You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal
information.
Please note, if you request deletion of your data from our records, we will
not be able to provide you with our products or services. Upon deletion of your
information you will no longer be eligible to any current customer
discounts. Please also note, we will retain some of your information, just
as much as necessary to prevent fraud and exercise our rights. Such
information will be kept secure and with a limited access.
How we share your information
We may share the information about you with the following types of entities.
In-between the TeamDev companies
We transfer the data in between the companies, identified below for
provision of the services to you.
Vendors
Companies and systems that supply us with basic business functions like billing,
emailing, legal advice, or marketing tools. Companies that help us deliver
services to you, like our helpdesk system provider.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to other
companies.
We may disclose your personal information if it is required
by law or litigation.
Cookie policy
We use cookies to make the website work properly.
What are cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile
device by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make
websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide
statistical information to the owners of the site.
How we use cookies
We use cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us
to understand how people use this site and to help us improve its
structure and content and ensure, that website works properly.
How to control cookies
If you want to control which cookies you accept, you can configure your
browser to accept all cookies or to alert you every time a cookie
is offered by a website’s server. Most browsers automatically
accept cookies. You can set your browser not to receive cookies and you can
also delete existing cookies from your browser.
Privacy disclaimer
We assume no responsibility for the disclosure of your personal
information, if such disclosure is a result of your posting messages
to a message board, chat area, or any other similar place where
information is made publicly available online.
Our site may contain links to other sites, belonging to third parties. We are
not responsible for the content or privacy policy of those sites
whatsoever.
Contact us
Legal Addresses
TeamDev Ltd.47, Nauky Ave. Kharkov, Ukraine, 61101
TeamDev Management OÜNarva mnt 7-559, Kesklinna linnaosa, Tallinn,
10117, Estonia
The “Controller” for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2016/679
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016  (GDPR).
Send requests
Stop receiving notifications of the future releases or product offers for TeamDev products.
Correct your personal information with us.
Request to delete your personal information.
For any other questions related to your personal information please contact us at privacy@teamdev.com