http://www.realapplets.com/privacy.asp
RealApplets.com - Free Java Applets to Improve your Website.
Applet of the month
RedirectTimer
Latest updates
QuizMaster
SecretPass
QuothBar
LoveMeter
HorizonMenu
Moonstar
TextViewer
RedirectTimer
Internal links
Home
Contact us
Suggestions
Terms of use
Copyright
Privacy policy
RealApplets.com :\ Privacy_Policy \ ...
Privacy Statement
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected
from you through the web site.
The organization collecting the information.
How the information is used.
With whom the information may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information
under RealApplets' control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection and Use
RealApplets is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this
information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. RealApplets collects information
from our users at several different points on our website.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and
shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used
for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact
information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a
cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes
their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not
have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie,
they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.
For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings that
take place. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on
our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any
personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share,
store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these
services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we RealApplets are not responsible for the
privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
The newsletter is normally sent on monthly basis at most, with a minimum time of 2 weeks between 2 mailings. The email
address is not used for any other purposes.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys
or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic
information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award
prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of
this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the
friend’s name and email address. RealApplets will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to
visit the site. RealApplets stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The
friend may contact RealApplets to request the removal of this information from their database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information
via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our Credit Card Processing partner's registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information
(such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with
the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock
icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked,
as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can contact the webmaster.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to
supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
For example, to determine if our customers qualify for one of our credit cards, we use their name and social
security number to request a credit report. Once we determine a user’s credit-worthiness, this document is
destroyed.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally
receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of
our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out
below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service
announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide
requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly
related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our order form has an ‘opt-out’
mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their email
address off of our lists.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do
this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an
outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always
aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at
any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the
time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not
we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy
under which the information was collected.