https://www.a1toners.com/privacy_policy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items in Cart
Subtotal: $0.00
Home  |
My Account  |
About Us  |
Contact Us  |
Return Policy  |
FAQ  |
Shop By Machine Model
Login | Email:
Password:
Call us at 718.854.8008
Search:
Printer Toners
Brother
Canon
Dell
Epson
HP
IBM
Kyocera
Lexmark
Minolta-Qms
Mita
Nec
Okidata
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung
Savin
Toshiba
Xerox
Fax Machine Toners
Brother
Canon
Kyocera
Lanier
Minolta-Qms
Mita
Muratec
Nec
Okidata
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung
Savin
Sharp
Toshiba
Xerox
Copier Toners
Canon
Copystar
Kyocera
Lanier
Minolta
Mita
Panasonic
Ricoh
Savin
Sharp
Toshiba
Xerox
Compatible toners
Micr toners
Customer Testimonials
Items RSS Feeds
Categories RSS
Item Specials RSS
New Items RSS
All RSS Feeds
Privacy policy
Overview
Our Internet Superstore allows you to buy products and services, receive
special discounts, apply for credit, and receive e-mails or other promotional
information from us. We use the information that we collect about you to
fulfill your product and service purchases and to create a more personalized
online experience. This is just a brief overview, so please read on for
more details about our Privacy Policy.
Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only
addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online.
We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose
your personal information to others.
Questions
regarding this Policy should be directed to privacy@A1toners.com
or may also be contacted directly at the following address:
Attn:
Privacy Compliance Dept.
A1toners.com, Inc.
1132 41 Street
Brooklyn, NY 11218
This Privacy
Policy will explain the following regarding use of our site:
What
information does A1toners.com collect from you?
Where
do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
With
whom do we share your information?
What
are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your
information?
What
security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse,
or alteration of your information?
A
special note about children's privacy
A1toners.com
and third-party use of "cookies" and "action tags."
You
should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible
from A1toners.com
Contacting
A1toners.com about privacy questions or concerns
Privacy
Policy changes
What
information does A1toners.com collect from you?
In order to better provide you with numerous products and services,
A1toners.com collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally
Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you
with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our
site.
Personally
Identifiable Information
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who
you are. Personal information is requested when you order a product
or service and send us feedback. For example, this information might
include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number,
e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, and product
details. With this information, A1toners.com can fill your orders and better
provide you with personalized services. If you visit one of the
stores available through a link on our site, they will independently
collect, use and share your personal information in accordance with
their own privacy policies. If you have questions about their
information practices, please read their privacy policies. In many
cases, you can find a link to their privacy policies on the page offering
the Partners' services.
Non-Personally
Identifiable Information
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific
individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where
you shop on our site in several ways. This information is compiled
and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. For example,
this information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator
("URL") that you just came from, what browser you are using, and your
Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents
and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier
for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet
Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks
like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on
the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is
a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever
you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify
your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to
communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
Where
do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide A1toners.com's
visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer
contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them
of their order status, to send promotional information, to enhance the
operation of our site and administer our systems.
Demographic
data also may be collected at our site from third party advertising
servers or content servers, who provide us with the zip code and area
code associated with a visitor's server, along with pages viewed on
our site. We review the actions of the A1toners.com visitors on an aggregate
basis to determine customers' preferences. A1toners.com also does research
on our visitors' demographics, interests, and pages viewed based on
the information provided to us during ordering. We will use this data
to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, to improve our marketing
and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site use, to improve
our product offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout,
and services. We receive reports from third party ad servers and content
servers, that tells us how many ads were presented and clicked upon
or what content was served.
We gather
information in the following ways:
Shopping
We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration,
to gather broad demographic information, to enable ads to be served
on our site, to report Non-Personally Identifiable Information to
our advertisers, and to monitor the level of activity on our site.
We collect information from visitors to our site regarding the URLs
they came from, domain types (e.g., .com or .org), their IP addresses,
the date and time of their visit or order, the number of visits and
orders, the number of visits per browsing session, the server type,
the operating system and browser type used to come to the site, the
country, state and telephone area code where their servers are located,
the pages and page titles of our site that visitors viewed during
their visit, whether the visitor's computer is enabled for Java or
cookies, browser language, applications and plug-ins, and any search
terms entered on our site.
Ordering
When you order from us, we collect personally identifiable information
from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect
and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping
address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other
payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page
you bought from and a password. We collect this, and other information,
as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate
with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before
confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the
product order form and make changes and additions to the information
it contained and these changes will be automatically kept for future
use.
Contact
Information and Third Party Data
If you contact A1toners.com or our customer service representatives by
telephone, e-mail or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence
or comments. If you report a problem with our site, we may collect
such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through
our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives,
we may ask for your name, e-mail address and order information in
order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us
correspondence about your activities or purchases on our site, we
may keep the information in a file specific to you.
We also
track customers' traffic patterns throughout their online session,
including which pages, information and advertisements a customer views
while using the site and what items they place in their basket or
purchase. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers,
software, to administer our site and to gather demographic information.
We may
share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales
and other shopping information with third parties.
Cookies
We use cookies and may allow others to use cookies in the operation
of our site; to find out what cookies are and how they are used, click
here.
Action
Tags
We may use and allow others to use action tags in the operation of
our site; to find out what action tags are and how they are used,
click
here.
With
whom do we share your information?
Fulfillment: The information collected by A1toners.com is used for processing
orders, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical
purposes, for improving our site and its performance, to serve ads,
and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest
to you. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to
third parties to charge your credit card, fill your order, deliver your
order and deliver promotional e-mails to you from A1toners.com. For example,
we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank
to confirm payment; and release your address and telephone information
to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered.
Other
Parties: We do not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable
Information to others without your consent. We may provide Non-Personally
Identifiable Information about our customers' sales, traffic patterns,
and related site information to third parties, but these statistics
do not include any Personally Identifiable Information. We may release
account information when we believe that such release is reasonably
necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect
the rights, property, and safety of A1toners.com, our users, or others.
If customers do not pay us for products ordered, we may submit their
account information to a third party collection agency.
Compliance
with Service of Process or Law Enforcement: Occasionally A1toners.com may
be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally
Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities.
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt
of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement
investigation, without prior notice to you. A1toners.com fully cooperates
with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services
for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement
agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful.
What
are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your
information?
Email: We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications
regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to the A1toners.com
site. You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters by following
the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail you receive from us, or by
sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@A1toners.com.
After doing so, A1toners.com users will not receive future promotional emails
unless they open a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive
newsletters or emails.
What
security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse,
or alteration of your information?
When
you access your account information, the information is kept on a secure
server. All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized
access by physical security means.
A
special note about children's privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this
site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose
Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 18 years of
age. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of
age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information
to us, please contact us at privacy@A1toners.com
so that we may delete the minor's information.
A1toners.com
and third-party use of "cookies" and "action tags."
A1toners.com Cookies: When you use our site we will store cookies on your
computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site.
A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your
computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be
retrieved to identify you to A1toners.com. Our cookies store randomly assigned
user identification numbers. The cookies make your use of the site easier,
allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the site run more
smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to
shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies.
You
should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible
from A1toners.com
Other sites accessible through our web site have their own privacy policies
and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each
site's privacy policy. A1toners.com is not responsible for the policies or
practices of third parties. Please be aware that this site may contain
links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by
third parties. The information practices of those web sites linked to
A1toners.com are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These other sites may
send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our site may
collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising
through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information.
You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions
about their use of the information that they collect.
On behalf
of various sponsors, A1toners.com provides sponsored links to third-party
web sites. If you click on a sponsored link or banner ad, a "window"
or "frame" containing a third-party's web site may appear in the foreground
with the A1toners.com web site in the background. Unless you are on A1toners.com's
web site, any time that you have moved to a window, you should assume
that your personal information is being collected, used and disclosed
in accordance with the windowed site's privacy policy (if any). If
you are unsure as to whose privacy policy applies, please contact
us by e-mail at privacy@A1toners.com,
or by sending a letter to the address below.
Contacting
A1toners.com about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact A1toners.com by
sending a letter to:
Attn:
Privacy Compliance Dept.
A1toners.com, Inc.
1132 41 Street
Brooklyn, NY 11218
You may
also contact us by e-mail at privacy@A1toners.com.
Privacy
Policy changes
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 24, 2002. If A1toners.com
makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the
changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know
what information we gather, how we might use that information and to
whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions
of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately
upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise.
Home |
About us |
Contact us |
Privacy policy |
Return policy |
Affiliates |
Resources |
Site index |
FAQ
Shop By Machine Model |
Testimonials |
Newsletter |
A1toners Blog
Copyright © 2002-2020 A 1 Toners Inc.
|
info@A1toners.com