http://www.reallyeffective.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy/
Really Effective
Over eleven years of freeware software, articles and tools
Menu
Home
Sound Control
TICK
Support
Knowledge Base
About Us
Who Are We?
Announcements
Awards and Links
Contact Us
Legal
Software License
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Acknowledgements
Categories
Announcements (31)
Downloads (98)
Archived (94)
Current (4)
Knowledge Base (4)
Fun Stuff (1)
Reviews (1)
Tools (1)
Tutorials/How To's (2)
Products (127)
Sound Control (65)
TICK (62)
Support (48)
100% Free With No Limitations Sound Control and TICK are free software downloads and together with the other tools on this site are 100% freeware and contain no shareware like restrictions or other limitations.
Privacy Policy
1: GENERAL
1.01: If you are a member of this site, you have licensed a software product from us, use a service provided by us or submitted a comment we may send infrequent emails containing information that we deem is important to you (for example, new product information, notification of reply to a comment). Such emails are kept to the minimum as we respect users wishes not to receive unnecessary emails in their Inboxes. We do not provide / sell our member list to any third parties.
1.02: Cookies may be utilised whilst visiting this site. Amongst other uses the cookies monitor your access level to the site and will persist your login status to save you having to login multiple times or to stop multiple voting in polls. Cookies are either automatically removed when you close your browser software or automatically expire when they are no longer needed.
1.03: The pages you visit on this site together with your IP Address and any information your browser software may publish is recorded for statistical analysis, abuse protection and for diagnosis of problems with the site. This information is used internally only and is not sold directly to any third parties.
1.04: Your IP address and other pertinent information is logged for each operation in the member area or any commercial areas (for example, Credit Card processing) to prevent misuse and fraud. This information will be passed to appropriate law enforcement agencies to assist in the identification of abusers of this site.
1.05: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
1.06: Should any term of this Privacy Policy be declared void or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such declaration shall have no effect on the remaining terms hereof.
1.07: Any dispute over this Privacy and Disclaimer policy is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Search for:
Popular Posts
The Future Of Sound Control (And Other Software) - Disappointing Facebook Fans / Twitter Followers And YouTube Subscribers
Highly Customisable General Password Or WEP / WPA / WPA2 Key Generator Tool
Sound Control v2.48 BETA Now Publicly Available To Download
Videos Demonstrating Downloading, Installing and Configuring Sound Control On A Windows PC
TICK v1.17 – A Freeware Windows Dial Up Enhancer Has Been Released
I Have Upgraded To Windows Vista/7 And Sound Control No Longer Changes The Volume
When I Start Sound Control A User Account Control Confirmation Prompt Is Always Displayed
Recent Posts
A Video Demonstrating How To Configure Sound Control To Set Hot Keys For Volume Control, Winamp (Or Compatible) Control And Application Loading All With Customisable On Screen Display
A Video On How To Download And Install Sound Control On A Windows Vista/7 PC
The Future Of Sound Control (And Other Software) – Disappointing Facebook Fans / Twitter Followers And YouTube Subscribers
Sound Control v2.48 BETA Now Publicly Available To Download
I Have Upgraded To Windows Vista/7 And Sound Control No Longer Changes The Volume
When I Start Sound Control A User Account Control Confirmation Prompt Is Always Displayed
Please Show Your Support For Future Freeware Software Releases By Following Us On Twitter, Facebook and YouTube
General Software And Tools Update
List Of None Winamp Compatible Players For Sound Control
Highly Customisable General Password Or WEP / WPA / WPA2 Key Generator Tool
© Copyright 1998-2010 Paul McKnight, All Rights Reserved. Reproduction strictly forbidden without prior written permission.