http://www.castleventures.com/privacy-policy
The Varonis Optimization Company
Home
About
Services
Blog
Become A Client
Menu
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Protecting your privacy is important to Castle Ventures Corporation. As a cybersecurity company keeping your personal information confidential is critical to us. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand this Privacy Statement, we can provide you with better service. The purpose of this Website Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit https://www.castleventures.com ("our Site"), how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information.
Please take a moment to read the following Privacy Statement to learn how we handle your personal information. This Statement may change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to the following address:
Castle Ventures Corporation
30 Laura Lane
Morristown, NJ 07960
Email: webmaster@castleventures.com
In this Website Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”), Castle Ventures Corporation (“we” or “Castle Ventures”), provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personal data from you, a website visitor, through www.castleventures.com, which we post a direct link to this Privacy Statement (collectively the "Site").
Scope
This Privacy Statement covers only data collected through the Site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data that we collect offline or through websites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Statement.
Information You Submit
When you contact us via the “Contact Us” section on the Site, or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email, phone, company name and other information you insert into the free text field on the Site. In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the Site, because you actively submit it.
Information We Automatically Collect
As part of the standard operation of the Site, we may collect information from your computer or mobile device, including but not limited to your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain name from which you accessed the Site, and if you are accessing our Site with your mobile device, type of mobile device. In addition, we may collect information about how you use our Site, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site and other click-stream data.
Cookies
We may use cookies, similar technologies to collect the information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access the Site.
Collection Purposes, Use of Data
We use the data we collect for the following general purposes:
To respond to requests that you send us, such as inquiries on our services
To administer, protect and improve our Site and our systems
To better understand the preferences of our Site visitors
To compile aggregated statistics about Site usage
To help personalize your experience of our Site
To improve our products and services and other internal business purposes
To provide you with information about our technologies, product or service releases, news, and other communications
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data that we collect
Any other use we describe at the point where we collect the data
Disclosures of Personal Information
We do not share your personally identifiable information with others, except as follows: We freely share your information within Castle Ventures. We also share your information with affiliated and unaffiliated services providers, including third parties who process the data on our behalf for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. Finally, we may also share your personal information where you have granted us permission, and we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the Site that is not in personally identifiable form.
Opt-Out
Occasionally we send out marketing emails, invitations to sign up for our blog posts or newsletters, etc. Each communication has an opt-out option. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision and promptly add you to our do not contact list.
Access
If personal information you have submitted through the Site is no longer accurate, current, or complete, and you wish to update it, please contact us and upon appropriate request we will usually be glad to update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use information obtained previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate.
Security
Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. While we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, we cannot warrant the security of any information users transmit to us.
Remarketing Notice
We do not engage in remarketing activities online.
Amendments
This Privacy Statement is effective July 15, 2019. We may update and amend this Privacy Statement from time to time and post the most updated version to this site.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us at webmaster@castleventures.com
Home
About
Services
Blog
Become A Client