https://www.gforces.co.uk/website-terms/
Despite the global spread of COVID-19, our class leading support function continues to be available 7:00am – 7:00pm
Monday to Friday, and 7:00am – 3.30pm on Saturday*. We’re here to help, so please do not hesitate to contact us.
Website Terms
Please read these Website Terms as by using the website www.gforces.co.uk (hereafter referred to as “the Site”) you agree to be legally bound by these terms which will take effect immediately on use of the Site. If you do not agree to be legally bound then please do not access the Site.
We may update these Website Terms from time to time and the latest version will appear on the Site with the date that they were updated. You should therefore check the Site regularly. By using the Site after any changes have been posted, you agree to the new Website Terms.
The Site is operated by G-Forces Web Management Ltd, a company incorporated in England with Company Number 3863609 with its registered office at; Corbin Business Park, Caring Lane,  Bearsted, Kent, ME14 4NJ (“GForces”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
Exclusion of Liability
While we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information on the Site, we give no warranty and make no representation regarding the accuracy or completeness of the content of the Site. Consequently, we accept no liability for any losses or damages arising out of errors or omissions contained in the Site.
No warranty is given that the Site shall be available on an uninterrupted basis, and no liability can be accepted in respect of losses or damages arising out of such unavailability.
We accept no liability in respect of losses or damages arising out of changes made to the content of the Site by unauthorised third parties.
Access to and use of the Site is at the user's own risk and we do not warrant that the use of the Site or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, including but not limited to loss of data or computer virus infection.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim all liability for any loss or damage of any kind arising in connection with the Site or its content, including but not limited to loss of profits, loss of sales or business, loss of agreements or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of use or corruption of software, data or information, loss of or damage to goodwill; any indirect or consequential loss, and any special, exemplary and punitive damages, regardless of the form of action or basis of claim and whether or not any party has been advised of the possibility of damages. In no event shall our total liability to you exceed five hundred pounds.
To the extent that these exclusions and limitations of liability are expressly prohibited by law those parts that are prohibited will not apply. The remaining parts will continue to apply. If any limitation of damages or liability is prohibited or restricted by law, we shall be entitled to the maximum exclusions and limitations permitted.
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall attempt to exclude liability for death or personal injury, or for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Intellectual Property
All rights, save as expressly granted, are reserved to GForces. Reproduction in any form of any part of the contents of the Site is prohibited.
All copyright and other intellectual property rights in the content of the Site and our software and code are owned by GForces (or our licensors). The modification, copying, distribution or incorporation into any other work of the Site, its content or any of our software or code is prohibited.
“GForces”, the GForces logo and all other all product names, names of services, trade marks and service marks are the property of GForces (or the property of their respective owners, as indicated). You may not use any of those names or marks for any purpose whatsoever.
Prohibited Use
You may not use the Site for any illegal purpose or in any way that: (i) causes damage or harm to the Site, or any other user; (ii) breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation; (iii) infringes a third parties’ rights (including intellectual property rights); (vi) is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; (iv) transmits, or procures the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or (v) transmits any data, sends or uploads any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You must not modify, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Site, or any equipment or network or software used in the provision of the Site.
You are responsible for compliance with local law and regulation when accessing the Site.
You agree not to attempt to alter the content of the Site in any way.
Links
Where we provide links from the Site to other sites, this will be for information purposes only.  GForces has no control over, or responsibility for, the content on those sites. Existence of links to other third party websites is not an endorsement by GForces of such website or any products or services appearing on it. If you choose to access a third party website via a link on our Site you do so entirely at your own risk. We cannot be liable for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of such third party websites.
You are permitted to link to our homepage www.gforces.co.uk without prior consent. We reserve the right to revoke consent for any link to our Site and to take any legal action we decide is appropriate.
Infringing content
If you believe that any content on our Site infringes your intellectual property rights or other rights, please send a notice to compliance@gforces.co.uk.
General Terms
No other person has any rights to enforce any of these Terms of Use. Any waiver of any provision of the Site Terms of Use will be effective only if in writing and signed by GForces. Each of the paragraphs in these Terms of Use operates separately. If any courts or relevant authority decide that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Governing law and where claims can be brought.
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site, including any dispute or claim (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with them, will be governed by English law. You and GForces agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any such dispute or claim.
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
We use, store and process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. This site also uses cookies, as set out in more detail in our Cookie Policy.
By using the Site, you consent to such use, storage and processing of your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy, and the use of cookies in line with our Cookie Policy.
External Links
The Site may contain links to other websites which are hosted by and maintained by third parties. We have no control over the content or security of any such site. You link to such websites at your own risk and we make no representations regarding the content of any such website.
Queries
If you have any difficulties in accessing the Site, then email us at info@gforces.co.uk or write to our registered office; Corbin Business Park, Caring Lane,  Bearsted, Kent, ME14 4NJ.
Are you ready? Let’s go.
*
*
*
*
Product of Interest:
Website Terms
For information on
how we use your data when submitting an enquiry, please see our privacy
policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks