http://www.secureroot.com/privacy.html
[ advisories
| exploits | discussions |
news | conventions
| security tools |
texts
& papers ]
main
menu
- feedback
- advertising
- privacy
- FightAIDS
- newsletter
- news
discussions
- read
forum
- new topic
- search
meetings
- meetings list
- recent additions
- add your info
top
100 sites
- visit top sites
- sign up now
- members
webmasters
- add your url
- add domain
- search box
- link to us
projects
- our projects
- free email
m4d
network
- security software
- secureroot
- m4d.com
-=[ SecureRoot Privacy Statement
]=-
M4D.COM (SecureRoot owner) has created this privacy statement
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices
for this website: SecureRoot.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather
broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly.
We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter
it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact
information (like their name and email address). The customer's
contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below.
This site contains links to other sites. SecureRoot is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web
sites.
Our online surveys ask visitors for demographic information (like
their zip code, age, or income level). Demographic and profile
data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor
our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that
we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content
according to their preferences. This information is shared with
advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These
ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of
our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by
our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news
groups available to its users. Please remember that any information
that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and
you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.
Children's Guidelines
According to the answers that you have chosen, your Web site meets
the guidelines of TRUSTe's Children's program.
1.NOT collect online contact information without prior parental
consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity
for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation
in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information
will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and
will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent
2.NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information
without prior parental consent
3.NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable
information with out prior parental consent
4.NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute
personally identifiable contact information without prior parental
consent
5.NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other
activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate
in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us at the point where we request information
about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their
information from our database to not receive future communications
or to no longer receive our service.
1.You can send email to secureroot@m4d.com
Advertisements
Secureroot is ad supported web site and displays ads from ValueAd ad network. Their
privacy statement can be found at the following link:
ValueAd.com Privacy Statement
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
1.email secureroot@m4d.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
M4D Services
http://www.m4d.com
admin@m4d.com
(C) 1999-2000 All rights reserved.