https://www.chikrii.com/company/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Products
Word2TeX 5.0
TeX2Word 4.1
Store
Buy Now!
Find a reseller
Unlock Software
Support
Getting help
F.A.Q.
Suggestions
Paranormal Phenomena
Company
Contacts
Press Corner
Links
Privacy Statement
Word to LaTeX
LaTeX to Word
Privacy Statement
Since your privacy is important to us, Chikrii Softlab has created this
privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for the Chikrii Softlab group of websites which include:
chikrii.com, word2tex.com, tex2word.com
Information collection
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies
you ("Personal Information") or allows us to contact you.
Generally this information is requested when you register for an
online service or when you provide information in connection with
an online transaction.
When a user submits personal information, it is kept on a private server
not accessible from the Internet. This prevents any malicious use of your
information.
Use of personal information
Chikrii Softlab may share non-personal, summary information regarding its
customers with partners or other third parties. However, for partners or
third parties under contract with Chikrii Softlab, any individual customer
information provided shall be used only to perform or complete a necessary
transaction or function related to the customer's purchase. These transactions
or functions shall be in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy
Statement. Chikrii Softlab will not share any individual customer information
outside of the contracted partners and third parties mentioned above,
without first receiving the individual's prior written approval. In short,
Chikrii Softlab does not sell registrant information to lists. In some cases,
Chikrii Softlab may use a visitor's personal information to understand
overall patterns for site usage, to contact the user for clarification
on inaccurate information, or to follow up on a customer service issue.
Personal information may include name, address, telephone number, etc.
Opt-Out policy
When a visitor purchases or downloads software from Chikrii Softlab, his
e-mail address will be included in the Chikrii Softlab mailing list.
Inclusion on the mailing list may entitle the user to receive information
or updates about special offers, programs, new products and/or services.
User may unsubscribe from Chikrii Softlab mailing list at any moment, but
this means the user will not be able to receive these benefits or this
information.
Online purchases
We have partnered with MyCommerce Share-it (https://www.mycommerce.com)
to provide you with an easy-to-use, safe, and secure shopping experience.
The secure server software (SSL) that is used by MyCommerce is the industry
standard and among the best software available today for secure
commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your Personal
Information, including credit card number, name, and address, so
that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Chikrii Softlab
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Sites
as well as any information they might collect, even though our name or logo
may appear on those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our
site and to read the Privacy Statements of each and every Web site that
you visit, as the privacy policy of those sites may differ from ours.
Our Privacy Statement applies solely to www.chikrii.com.
Cookies
Wikipedia provides the following explanation: "An HTTP cookie
(also called web cookie, Internet cookie, browser cookie, or simply cookie)
is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user's
computer by the user's web browser while the user is browsing."
Please visit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
for further explanation of cookies.
A cookie does not contain any Personal Information. The use of cookies are
not required to use this web, but it does enable Chikrii Softlab to build a
better web site by recording how and when guests use our site and to better
serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to refuse
cookies, but if you do, you might not be able to take full advantage of our
site.
To help us improve our privacy policies, please give us your
feedback, comments and suggestions to
.