http://www.snippets.com/privacy-policy.htm
forgot password?
login
register
Privacy Policy
We take our user's privacy very seriously. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
www.snippets.com, hereafter "Snippets," is wholly owned and operated by Conjecture Corporation.
By using Snippets content, you accept our Terms and Conditions which includes this Privacy Policy. If you do not want to be bound by Snippets' Privacy Policy, or Terms and Conditions, your only remedy is to stop using Snippets.
Information Sharing
Snippets takes the privacy of our visitors very seriously. Snippets does not share the information it collects, whether general or personal, in any specific way with third parties without visitor consent or as otherwise required by law.
Snippets may collect (1) personal or (2) general visitor-related information:
(1) Personal Information Including Email Addresses
Snippets will never sell, lease or share personal information, including names and email addresses, with any third party.
Visitors will not be required to provide personal information for ordinary use of the site.
Visitors may be required to provide Snippets with their personal information, such as names and email addresses, in response to specific services or tasks (e.g., asking or answering questions as a registered user).
(2) General Information
Like many other web sites, Snippets tracks general information tied to our visitors to enhance our visitors' experiences by analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking user movement around the site, and gathering demographic information.
This information that is tracked, also referred to as log files, includes but is not limited to, internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), access times, referring web sites, exit pages, and click activity. This information that is tracked does not identify a visitor personally (e.g., by name).
One way Snippets collects this general information is through cookies, a small text file with a unique identifying string of characters. Cookies help Snippets store information about visitors' preferences, record user-specific information about the pages users access, and customize web content based on a visitor's browser type or other information that the visitor sends through their browser.
You can disable cookies in your web browser so that cookies are not set without your permission. Note that disabling cookies may limit the features and services available to you. The cookies that Snippets sets are not tied to any personal information.
More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective support websites.
Other Sites
Snippets' Privacy Policy only applies to Snippets content. Other websites, including those that advertise on Snippets, link to Snippets, or that Snippets links to, may have their own policies.
When you click on these ads or links, these third party advertisers or sites automatically receive your IP address. Other technologies, like cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons, may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Snippets has no control over, and is not responsible for, the ways these other websites collect or use your information.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more information on their practices as well as for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices.
Google's DoubleClick DART Cookies
As a third party advertising vendor, Google will place a DART cookie on your computer when you visit a site using DoubleClick or Google AdSense advertising.
Google uses this cookie to serve ads specific to you and your interests.
The ads shown may be targeted based on your previous browsing history.
DART cookies only use non-personally identifiable information.
They do not track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You may prevent Google from using DART cookies on your computer by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Policy Changes
Please note that we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. Users can view our latest Privacy Policy at any time by visiting: http://www.snippets.com/privacy-policy.htm
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us by email, or in writing to the following address:
Conjecture Corporation
re: Snippets Privacy Policy
PO Box 2130
Sparks, NV 89432
U.S.A.
This page was last updated in April 2009.
about us
contact us
frequently asked questions
privacy policy
terms and conditions
copyright 2008 - 2020
conjecture corporation