https://www.crossware.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Crossware LtdPrivacy PolicyProtecting your privacy is important to Crossware Ltd. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. Please take a moment to read our Crossware Ltd Privacy Policy to learn how we collect and handle your personal information.Why we collect personal informationWe collect and use your personal information to give you superior customer service, to provide you with information about our products and services and to send you relevant news and event details.How we collect personal informationWe collect information about you in several ways. For example, we may ask for your contact information when you request a free trial, information or a quote from our website. During most events and conferences that we are involved with, we will collect your information via your business card, online entry form, or by scanning your conference badge. We only collect your information with your permission.What information we collectThe information that Crossware Ltd collects includes but is not limited to: first name, last name, company name, job title, email address, company address, phone number, website.When we disclose personal informationYour personal information will never be given or sold to any third party. Once we collect your information it stays within our internal database, for Crossware Ltd’s use only. We value your privacy.Access to your personal information If you would like to review your personal information that Crossware Ltd may have about you, please email our Data Security Officer at dso@crossware.co.nz. If you would like to unsubscribe from any communications with Crossware Ltd you can use the unsubscribe mechanism on our marketing emails, or contact us at unsubscribe@crossware.co.nz to be removed from all future communications. You may exercise the right of erasure at any time.According to the GDPR, you have the right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning you by contacting our Data Security Officer at dso@crossware.co.nz. We will action this within three days of your request.Collecting other personal information When you browse our website, you are able to do so anonymously. Generally, we don’t collect personal information when you browse – not even your email address. Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer and operating system you are using.We may also store information about you using cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our site. We do this to retain user preferences, and better understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our site so we can continuously improve the user experience.As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers. Are You Ready To Get Started? Start my 30-Day Free Trial
Ask Sally×
Need some help?Ask Sally