http://www.armchairmachinist.com/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At http://www.armchairmachinist.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.armchairmachinist.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@armchairmachinist.com.
Log Files
http://www.armchairmachinist.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.armchairmachinist.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.armchairmachinist.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.armchairmachinist.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
http://www.armchairmachinist.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
http://www.armchairmachinist.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.armchairmachinist.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
about us
random posts
Things to Remember Before Hiring a Mudjacking Comp...
Tips for a Great Paint Job
What to Ask Before Hiring a Bookkeeper?
Hair Removal For A Longer Period Of Time
How to Fix Vent Pipe Flashing
Keeping the Children Out of Danger in Bouncing Hou...
recent comments
Recent Posts
Things to Remember Before Hiring a Mudjacking Company
Keeping the Children Out of Danger in Bouncing Houses
What to Ask Before Hiring a Bookkeeper?
Tips for a Great Paint Job
Hair Removal For A Longer Period Of Time
Recent Comments Archives
March 2020
September 2019
December 2018
September 2017
July 2017
Categories
Bookkeeping Services
Hair Removal
Paint Job
pipe
Stair Lifts
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress