http://www.zycus.com/privacy-policy.html
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyAt Zycus, we put our top priority on protecting your personal information.Fully acknowledging the fact that your personal information belongs to you, we do our best to securely store and carefully process the information you share with us. We place our highest value on your trust. We hence collect a minimal amount of information only with your permission and use it solely for its intended purposes. We do not provide the information to third parties without your knowledge.We at Zycus devote best efforts to ensure your data protection including technical data security and internal management procedures as well as physical data protection measures in the context of Zycus Service. In order to do so, your trust is paramount and thus, we will do our best to protect your personal information.IntroductionZycus Infotech Private Limited and our affiliates (“Zycus,” “we,” “us,” “our”) know how important privacy is to our customers, and we strive to be clear about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. This Privacy Policy provides an overview of our information practices. The Privacy Policy applies to Zycus products, websites or online applications that refer to or link to the Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Services”). While this Privacy Policy applies to all our Services, we also have provided certain specific privacy supplements that contain additional information about our practices in connection with particular Services. These supplements apply to your use of the Services they cover. Additional consent will be obtained for certain data processing activities.It is important that you check back often for updates to the Privacy Policy. If we update the Privacy Policy we will let you know about changes we consider being material by placing a note on relevant Services. By accessing or using our Services after we have placed such a notice, you consent to the new practice(s) identified in the update. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will always be available here.
Please read the following to learn more about how we collect, use and safeguard information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) Controller contact Email: itis@Zycus.com; tech-support@zycus.comDuration of processing of Personal DataWhere Zycus is processing and using your Personal Data as permitted by law or under your consent, Zycus will store your Personal Data
only for as long as is required to fulfil the purposes set out below or
until you object to Zycus’ use of your Personal Data or until you withdraw your consent. However, if required under any law or regulations if Zycus is required to retain data for longer period then Zycus shall retain the Personal Data for such longer period. What all Personal data we collect: Information you provide directlySome Services enable you to give us information directly. For example:A number of our Services enable users to create accounts or profiles. In connection with these Services, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself to set up the account or profile. For example, you can submit certain information about yourself, such as your name and email address, when you create an account.Some of our Services enable you to communicate with other people. Those communications will be transmitted through and stored on our systems.Information about your use of the ServicesIn addition to the information you provide, we may collect information about your use of our Services through software on your device and other means. For example, we may collect:Device information—such as your hardware model, and other unique device identifiers, IP address, browser type and version, referral source, website navigation, operating system version, and settings of the device you use to access the Services.Log information-such as the time and duration of your use of the Service, search query terms you enter through the Services, and any information stored in cookies that we have set on your device.Location information—such as your device’s GPS signal or information about nearby WiFi access points that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services.Other information about your use of the Services, such as the apps you use, the websites you visit, and how you interact with content offered through a Service.Information from third-party sourcesWe may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources (as permitted by law), which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you. We also may receive information about you from third-party social networking services when you choose to connect with those services.Other Information We CollectWe also may collect other information about you, your device, or your use of the services in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.You can choose not to provide us with certain types of information (e.g., information we request during Account registration), but doing so may affect your ability to use some Services.How we use the information we collectWe use the information that we collect in a variety of ways in providing the service and operating our business, including the following:providing, improving and developing our services;researching, designing and launching new features or products;presenting content and information in our Site and our App in the most effective manner for you and for the device you use;providing you with alerts, updates, materials or information about our services or other types of information that you requested or signed up to;in any part of the world;responding or taking part in legal proceedings, including seeking professional advice;communicating with you and responding to your questions or requests; andpurposes directly related or incidental to the above.We intend to use your personal data in direct marketing (i.e. offering or advertising products or services by sending the relevant information directly to you). We require your consent specifically for this purpose and you may opt out any time. For the purpose of this clause: the personal data that may be used in direct marketing are those that you provide to us or we collect from you.the type of services or products that may be offered or advertised will be marketing services, marketing workshops, marketing courses, and marketing software;the relevant information may be sent to you by email, in-app message, phone call, Facebook Ads, and Google Ads;you may opt out any time by emailing us at marketing@Zycus.com. We will cease to send you marketing information without charge.Recording of calls and chats for quality improvement purposesIn case of telephone calls or chat sessions, Zycus may record such calls (after informing you accordingly during that call and before the recording starts) or chat sessions in order to improve the quality of Zycus’ Services.In order to keep you up-to-date/request feedbackWithin an existing business relationship between you and Zycus, Zycus may inform you, where permitted in accordance with local laws, about its products or services (including webinars, seminars or events) which are similar or relate to such products and Services you have already purchased or used from Zycus. Furthermore, where you have attended a webinar, seminar or event of Zycus or purchased products or Services from Zycus, Zycus may contact you for feedback regarding the improvement of the relevant webinar, seminar, event, product or service.To whom do we disclose your information?We will not disclose your information to third parties for their own independent marketing or business purposes without your consent. However, we may disclose your information to the following entities:Affiliates: Your information may be shared among Zycus affiliates. Service providers: We also may disclose your information to companies that provide services for or on behalf of us. These entities are limited in their ability to use your information for purposes other than providing services for us. Data RetentionWe take reasonable steps to ensure that we retain information about you only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or as required under any contract or by applicable law.At any time, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you believe your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws has been infringed upon, please contact marketing@zycus.comData ProtectionWe have adopted reasonable security practices and procedures, in line with international standard ISO 27001:2013, to include strategic, operational, managerial, technical, and physical security controls to safeguard and protect your data and information. We have implemented such measures, as stated above, to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception of Personal Information. Additionally, we have adopted measures to ensure that your personal information is accessible to our employees or partners employees strictly on the need to know basis.Our website, applications and portals have industry standard security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information which is in our environment. Whenever you change or access your account information, we facilitate the use of secure systems. The information in our custody and control is protected by adherence to reasonable security procedures in order to safeguard against unauthorized access. We apply encryption or other appropriate security controls to protect Personal Information when transmitted by us.Your information or data will primarily be stored in electronic form. However, certain data can also be stored in physical form.We may enter into agreement with third parties to collect, store, process your information or data but under full compliance with applicable laws. These third parties may have their own security standards to safeguard your information or data and we will require such third parties to adopt reasonable security standards to safeguard your information / data on commercially reasonable basis.We have taken appropriate steps for the security and protection of all our digital platforms including internal applications, however, we shall not be responsible for any breach of security or the disclosure of Personal Information for reasons outside our control, such as hacking, social engineering, cyber terrorism, espionage by third parties, or any events by way of force majeure such as sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government.Data integrity and disclosure to Third Parties Zycus does not provide your Personal Data to third parties, except as described in our contracts with our customers,
Unless you (or your account administrator) request or authorize it;
Such disclosure is necessary to process transactions for providing the applicable services;
Zycus is required to do so by law or regulation, or in response to a request from a law enforcement or governmental agency or authority or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;The third party is acting as our agent or sub-contractor in performing services or legal compliance activities;
We do not share, sell or rent users’ personally identifiable information to third parties. Zycus will not share or distribute any user information with third parties except as provided under this policy statement. Will my Personal Data be transferred Outside EU region?Zycus has affiliates and third-party service providers within as well as outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Zycus operates the Solution using data centre located mainly in the United States. However, Personal Data may be transferred to and from the United States, other operation locations and Zycus’ authorized service providers, if any. These terms shall apply to Zycus’ provision of services in all data centre.EEA Considerations- Since Zycus is a Global Company Zycus may while processing the Personal Data transfer the Personal Data to (or access the Personal Data from) countries outside of the EEA including to such countries in which are not recognised to have adequate data protection as per the provisions of GDPR. In such cases, the transfer occurs in accordance with the regulations of GDPR and by executing Standard Contractual Clauses (as per to EU Commission Decision 87/2010/EC) provided under the Data Protection Addendum in the processing agreement. Tracking Technologies including Cookies Zycus gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp. Zycus utilize cookies or similar technology. Personal Data you submit while using the Solution is not stored in cookies except where necessary to perform web site security, service functionality and usage analytics. Zycus does not place any third-party advertising tracking cookies on your computer during your use of the Solutions. Links to other websitesZycus and/or buyer may provide reference or links to third party websites. Such websites/application is governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website/application you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of this websites/application via a link from the website's homepage, you should contact the website/application directly for more information. The third party website/application will handle the information according to its own privacy policy. You shall read and provide consent to the third party’s privacy policy before requesting Zycus to share the information.Access, Correction and DeletionWe strive hard to keep our records updated and accurate with your latest information. You shall be responsible to ensure that the information or data you provide from time to time is and shall be correct, current and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consent to provide such information or data.Based on technical feasibility, we will provide you with the access to all your Personal Data that we maintain about you. We will perform verification before providing you access to this information.You may request access, correction or updating, and deletion of the information by contacting [marketing@zycus.com].You may note that deletion of certain information or withdrawal of consent may lead to cancellation of your registration with us or your access to our services. Additionally, we may not be able to process your request of correction, updating or deletion, in case the same is not supported by valid documents or data retention if required by the applicable law or law enforcement requests or under any judicial proceedings or it is extremely difficult to implement (such as requests related to backup copies or if a new system is required to process the request or change of technical design) or risks the privacy of other users.ContactTo the best of Zycus’ knowledge, all material published by Zycus on software solution is done with the full agreement of the copyright owners (be that Zycus or another party). If you come across a situation where you suspect that this may not be the case, in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), we ask that you contact:DETAILS FOR CONTACTING ZYCUSPhone: +91 22 66407676Email: tech-support@zycus.com
Monthly
Newsletter
Thank You
Thank you for subscribing with us.
Close
Copyright © 2020 Zycus Inc. All Rights Reserved.×WAIT!Couldn't find what you're looking for?