http://www.hydranet.com/privacy.php
Home
|
Product Overview
|    CRM
Secrets
|    Sign Up   |    Careers
|    Contact
Us    |
Why CRM-gx
Benefits
Features
Live Demo
Sign Up
Comparisons
Market Leaders
vs. Microsoft CRM
Professional Services
Implementations
Training
FAQ
Privacy
Your privacy is important to HydraNet. This statement discloses the information practices for HydraNet web sites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
We have implemented these practices for the HydraNet Home Page (www.hydranet.com ). We have instructed our web-masters to include information on these privacy practices wherever personal information is collected on a HydraNet web site.
Personal information
In general, you can visit HydraNet on the Web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when our partners or we may need information from you.
You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name and address or e-mail id that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order or to provide you with a subscription. It is our intent to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you on the Internet. We provide this information through the YOUR PRIVACY link, which is presented wherever personal information is collected. If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
Information security and quality
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures, such as using encryption for transmission of credit card numbers, to help us keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender with details of the correction requested.
Cookies, web beacons and other technologies
We sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and we also measure visitor activity on HydraNet web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous. This anonymous information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." HydraNet or its analytic vendors may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in connection with a transaction we may extract some information about that transaction in an anonymous format and combine it with other anonymous information such as clickstream data. This anonymous information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner, you can either disable your cookies or opt-out at the order or request page.
We collect the anonymous information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called "cookies". A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. Some HydraNet pages use cookies, sent by HydraNet or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not function properly.
Some HydraNet web sites also use Web beacon technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These "Web beacons" are placed on a number of pages across HydraNet's web sites. When a visitor accesses these pages, an anonymous notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our vendors. These Web beacons work in conjunction with cookies. If you don't want to associate your anonymous cookie information with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
If you turn off cookies, web beacon technologies will still detect anonymous visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other anonymous cookie information and are disregarded.
Online advertising
HydraNet has certain companies help us deliver our banner ads and other online communications. These companies may collect and use information about customers to help us better understand the offers, promotions, and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers. The information they collect is aggregated so it is not identifiable to a specific individual. If, however, you would prefer that these companies not collect information from your experience, please visit the PrivacyChoices site at www.privacychoices.org and follow the "opt-out" instructions.
Personalized URL link
On occasion, HydraNet presents a personalized URL (link) that brings the visitor to a personalized Web page. Such a personal URL is readily identifiable and by clicking on that link and going to a personal Web page you are agreeing to let HydraNet collect information about your session visits. We use this information to help us provide you with information that matches your interests. If you do not wish information to be used in this way, simply do not click on such personalized URLs.
Children's data
While few, if any, of HydraNet's web sites are directed towards children, we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Privacy technology
Technology will increasingly help you to have more control over your personal information. It will also help organizations to manage their privacy practices and policies. As an information technology provider, HydraNet actively supports the development of privacy technologies to help achieve these goals, and to help create greater trust and confidence in the way personal information is handled. Products and services are available which can help give you privacy protection while navigating the Web. See http://www.privacyalliance.org/resources/rulesntools.shtml for an overview of many privacy-related tools.
Please note that HydraNet has not formally evaluated all of these tools.
Business relationships
The HydraNet sites contain links to other Web sites. HydraNet is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Notification of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on August 5, 2001. A notice will be posted on our web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed.
Questions regarding this statement
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the HydraNet site coordinator (click here to contact) for clarification or at
Customer Information Privacy Practices
HydraNet Corporation
1620 Central Ave, Suite 202
Cheyenne, WY
USA 82001
CRM-gx is Hot!
Learn why more CEOs are turning to CRM-gx
Why HydraNet?
How CRM-gx™ account management, reporting, and lead management systems
drive value.
Read Before You Buy
Few CRM buyers are aware of these surprising facts. What you learn
may make the difference between the success and failure of your CRM
implementation.
CRM Success Secrets
Tools like MTS® makes recording interactions with customers a snap.
Cut Data Entry by 80%
HydraNet's MQA® eliminates the headaches of traditional CRM.
Account Management
Meet JCAMS® - one of the world's most advanced account management
tools. Read more here.
Lead Management
5 STARS® combines more functionality and power than most multimillion
dollar CRM solutions.
Real 360° Views
Instantly analyze customers, employees, sales teams, and offices in
ways you never thought possible.
Reporting & Analytics
Unique and powerful CRM reporting tools without all the hassle.
CRM-gx™ White Paper
A Revolution at Allied Global Movers, requires PDF Reader
CRM-gx Benefits
Watch a Video
CRM-gx™ Video Demo (Japanese)
3MB Flash Video.
CRM-gx™ Brochure
Detailed overview of CRM-gx™, requires PDF Reader.
Download a free copy of Adobe Reader
About Us    |
Privacy    |
Disclaimer    |
Contact Us    |
Copyright © 2005 HydraNet Corp. All rights reserved.