http://www.noratek.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Noratek Solutions makes available for your use on this web site information, documents, software and products (collectively, the “Materials”) and various services (the “Services”), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this document (the “Terms of Use”). By accessing this web site, you agree to the Terms of Use. Noratek Solutions reserves the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the web site will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on the web site at the time of such use. In addition, when using particular Services or Materials on this web site, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such Services or Materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in the Terms of Use. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use. If you breach any of the Terms of Use, your authorization to use this web site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any Materials downloaded or printed from the web site.
Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Noratek Solutions may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice.
Noratek Solutions does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site. Please note that any information or material sent to Noratek Solutions will be deemed NOT to be confidential. We will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we ask your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.
Copyright Notice
Copyright © Noratek Solutions 2016. All rights reserved. All trademarks mentioned herein belong to their respective owners. Unless identified with the designation “Copy Freely”, the contents of this web site is copyrighted by Noratek Solutions. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these documents you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein.
You may not otherwise copy or transmit the contents of this web site either electronically or in hard copies. You may not alter the content of this web site in any manner. If you are interested in using the contents of this web site in any manner except as described above, please contact us directly.
Individual documents published by Noratek Solutions may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information specific to that individual document.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark or other property right of Noratek Solutions or any third party. Except as expressly provided above nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright or other property right of Noratek Solutions or any third party. Note that any product, process, or technology in this document may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by Noratek Solutions and may not be licensed here under.
Use of Contact Information
Noratek Solutions presents contact information including various email addresses. We have taken precautions to protect our contact information as much as possible, while still providing it to those who wish to make legitimate contact. The presentation of our contact information is by no means authorizing solicitation and spamming.
Disclaimer
We provide links to other websites that are not under our control. We do this as a convenience and for reference only. We do not endorse, recommend or accept any responsibility for the content of these websites.
ADDRESS Suite 200-1840 3rd Ave.
Prince George, B.C.
V2M 1G4
CONTACT Phone: 250.564.2236
Toll Free: 1.866.264.2236
info@noratek.com
TERMS Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more
Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable google webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable google maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy