http://www.genady.net/privacy-policy.html
RMI Plug-in for Eclipse
version 2.0
Privacy Policy
Home
Downloads
What's new in 2.0
Documentation
>>Order Now!<<
Pricing
Upgrades
Extended evaluation
Personal licenses
Our Customers
Help & Support
Support
RMI Resources
Forum / FAQ
Previous versions
General: We do our best to store the information you provide in the various sections of this website in a reliable and secure manner in order to prevent unauthorized access by hackers. Your personal information won't be shared with third parties unless
it's absolutely necessary to provide you a service or support. We will contact you only on few occasions (e.g., new releases).
Website logging: As it is with any other website, all page requests are logged. This information is usually used for statistical and hacking prevention purposes only. However, we reserve the right to contact you based on the logged information (for example if there is an error with your license/evaluation request or a hacking attempt).
Collected information: All information that you provide (either on the website, by email or order information) is collected. As mentioned earlier, this information should be safe from hackers. See next sections on how this information is used.
The collected information may be used to contact you with regard to product support, new version announcements, customer polls, special sale offers
and other services that are offered on genady.net. On rare occasions we may also contact you regarding partner products. In all cases, you will be able to identify such communication as arriving from genady.net.
Third parties: None of the collected information will be shared with any third party unless it is
required to process your order, provide you support and similar operations. Your personally identifiable information (name, address, etc) will be not shared with any third party except Reg.Net (that processes all orders; read Reg.Net privacy policy) without your consent. No information will be provided to any third party for marketing purposes.
Public information: Some of the information you provide is publicly available on the website (e.g., on forums). Since this information is available for everybody and may be indexed by search engines, there is no guarantee on how it may be used.
If you have any questions, please email them to rmi-info@genady.net
© 2002-18 Genady Beryozkin, rmi-info@genady.net.
Read our Privacy policy. Hosted on RimuHosting. Visit Javalobby.