https://www.powersnipe.com/privacy.cfm
Privacy Policy
Information Collection
When you join Powersnipe we collect your email address. This information is provided to us by you, the user, when you sign up for the service.
When you interact with the Powersnipe service information such as Cookies, Web browser and IP address will be collected.
Third parties may provide us with information, for example eBay public profile information. This information will be provided after your authorization.
Use of Information
We use information supplied to us for bidding on your behalf, communicating with you via email about information related to auction results and status of service, and to respond to your inquiries.
Security
Powersnipe takes security precautions and measures, including encryption, to protect your personal information.
Cookies
Some of our pages may contain cookies, which are data that may be sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to recognize you when you visit our website in the future. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.
We do not provide your personal information to third parties for advertising or promotional purposes.
Powersnipe reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications on this page.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us through our support page: https://www.powersnipe.com/support.cfm
Powersnipe respects your right to privacy. This policy
summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, and how
we might use this information. This policy also describes other important
topics relating to your privacy.
Powersnipe : eBay Auction Sniper, Automatic Bidding, Bid Sniping, and Win Auction
HOME
SIGN
UP    MY
AUCTIONS    USER
PROFILE
PURCHASE
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF SERVICE
FAQ   SUPPORT
Copyright © 2020 Compupower LLC. All rights reserved.