https://www.sdsusa.com/privacy/
SDS | Privacy Policy
SDS respects the privacy of all website visitors, customers, and end-users of its software products. SDS presents this privacy policy to help visitors, customers, and end-users understand how SDS safeguards any information gained from their visits and their use of SDS products.
LAST UPDATE: December 26, 2018
Software Diversified Services (SDS; the “Company”) respects the privacy of every person (all website visitors, webinar attendees, prospective, former, and current customers, SDS Software end-users, and anyone else who contacts SDS or meets with SDS at a tradeshow; the “User”), regardless of their relationship with SDS.  Protecting any personal information provided to SDS by any User is very important to SDS.  SDS presents this Privacy Policy to help every User understand how we safeguard their personal information and how their information is used by SDS.
Via the websites sdsusa.com, ebusinessserver.com, mainframesecurity.com, and mainframes.com (the “Websites”), visitors often request information and products by means of submitting forms and sending messages to the Company. Submitted forms and messages supply the Company with information about the User–name, email address, phone number, employer, job title, etc.–that is essential for SDS to fulfill those requests.
By continuing to use the Websites and agreeing to these Policies and Terms, the User agrees to receive future, periodic SDS marketing email communications via the use of User’s Email Address (if provided to SDS).
SDS sends out product-related emails, newsletters, and upcoming webinar notifications periodically via 3rd party email processors. These SDS communications, which are business-critical for SDS for several reasons, contain important, industry-relevant information for Users. If a User does not wish to receive these communications from the Company any longer, please contact unsub@sdsusa.com.
The web servers at the Websites keep logs of visitors’ HTTPS requests and IP addresses to which the servers send their replies to those requests.
3rd-party websites, email messages, and various forms of digital advertisements often contain hyperlinks to the Websites. When Users follow such hyperlinks, those links often provide the Company information about the identity of the referring website, email message, or other online source where the link resides.
SDS uses the information acquired via the above-described means to helpfully respond to User requests, and to improve User experience at the Websites and within SDS software products. SDS does not request or collect more information than is reasonably helpful to furthering those purposes.
SDS is the only owner of the information acquired via the above-described means. SDS will never sell, rent, or otherwise distribute the information, with the following exceptions:
To better serve Users located outside of the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., SDS enters agreements for the help of professional software distributors outside of the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. SDS shares relevant User information with those distributors in full confidence that the distributors make only reasonable and prudent use of that information. For a list of those distributors, see www.sdsusa.com/about/distributors/.
The Company implements the services of third-party vendors that monitor the Websites in order to better inform marketing and customer relations activities and to report on the success and efficiency of the Websites. SDS is confident that those services safeguard the confidentiality of data and make use of it only for those purposes for which we have engaged their services and agreed to.
Cookies
By continuing to use the Websites, the User consents to the Company’s use of cookies.
SDS uses cookies to offer the User a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and, when possible, personalize content.
The Websites often write small bits of data – “cookies” – to User’s client machines.
The data held in those cookies is available only to SDS and to the User at the client machine.
Further, the User can delete that information from the client machine at any time:
In the browser controls, look for options named similarly to Tools > Options > Privacy > clear history (or delete cookies).
Users can also disable their browsers’ acceptance of cookies:
Look for browser options named similarly to Tools > Internet options > Privacy > Advanced > Cookies > Block.
Questions and Comments
If, at any time, you have a question about the retention, confidentiality, or accuracy of data regarding website visitors or customers at SDS, please contact SDS at webmaster@sdsusa.com.
If you wish to be removed from an SDS mailing list, please unsubscribe from all SDS mailing lists by sending an email to unsub@sdsusa.com.
If you have observed any suspect use of SDS data, please contact SDS at webmaster@sdsusa.com.
Resources
About SDS
View additional company information here. There is information about acquisitions, career opportunities, distributors, upcoming events, and more.
Visit Resources Page
Free Demo/Trial
We offer individualized product demonstrations by request. Your organization can also try SDS Software on your system for 30 days, free of charge.
Request a Free Demo or Trial
Quick LinksHome
About Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Blog
Support
Product Resources
Datasheets
Webinars
Our SolutionsMainframe Security & Compliance
Mainframe Network Management
Mainframe Performance & Optimization
Encryption & SSH
CICS Management
Application Access & Modernization
All Products
Latest PostsCAFC 5.6.00 Available for Day One Support of CICS/TS 5.6June 12, 2020 - 12:53 pmSecurely Access, Modernize, and Integrate the MainframeMarch 3, 2020 - 5:25 pmSHARE Fort Worth 2020 Info and NewsFebruary 10, 2020 - 12:25 pmVSA listed as Trend-Setting Product for 2020 by DBTADecember 5, 2019 - 8:03 amContact SDSContact DirectoryPhone: (800) 443-6183Phone: (763) 571-9000
1322 81st Ave NE
Spring Lake Park, MN
55432-2116 USA
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only
Request Free Demo/Trial
With the free trial, you will receive full technical support for installation, configuration, and introductory training.
Name (required)
Email (required)
Company (required)
Product (required)
---CAFCConicITE-Business ServerIPCP PlusIronSphere for z/OSMultitermTectia SSHUniversal SSH Key ManagerVFTP-SSH Collaboration (Secure FTP)Virtel Web AccessVirtel Web IntegrationVirtel Web ModernizationVirtel Web SuiteVitalSigns for FTPVitalSigns for IPVitalSigns for NACVitalSigns for z TuningVitalSigns SIEM Agent for z/OSOther
Demo or Trial? (required)
DemoTrial
Message
CLOSE
Scroll to top