https://www.securedam.com/california-privacy-law-ccpa/
California Privacy Law CCPA - SecureDAM™
California Privacy Law (CCPA).
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) effective on January 1, 2020 and it may affect how your website is allowed to handle the personal information of Californians.
The impact of this requirement means that a lot of US companies will have to seek compliance with the new California privacy law, even if they are located outside of California.
We are here to deliver solutions.
Contact SecureDAM™ today! One of our Customer Support representatives will reply to you as quickly as possible.
AB 375, Chau. Privacy: personal information: businesses.
The California Constitution grants a right of privacy. Existing law provides for the confidentiality of personal information in various contexts and requires a business or person that suffers a breach of security of computerized data that includes personal information, as defined, to disclose that breach, as specified.
This bill would enact the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Beginning January 1, 2020, the bill would grant a consumer a right to request a business to disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal information that it collects about the consumer, the categories of sources from which that information is collected, the business purposes for collecting or selling the information, and the categories of 3rd parties with which the information is shared. The bill would require a business to make disclosures about the information and the purposes for which it is used. The bill would grant a consumer the right to request deletion of personal information and would require the business to delete upon receipt of a verified request, as specified. The bill would grant a consumer a right to request that a business that sells the consumer’s personal information, or discloses it for a business purpose, disclose the categories of information that it collects and categories of information and the identity of 3rd parties to which the information was sold or disclosed. The bill would require a business to provide this information in response to a verifiable consumer request. The bill would authorize a consumer to opt out of the sale of personal information by a business and would prohibit the business from discriminating against the consumer for exercising this right, including by charging the consumer who opts out a different price or providing the consumer a different quality of goods or services, except if the difference is reasonably related to value provided by the consumer’s data. The bill would authorize businesses to offer financial incentives for collection of personal information. The bill would prohibit a business from selling the personal information of a consumer under 16 years of age, unless affirmatively authorized, as specified, to be referred to as the right to opt in. The bill would prescribe requirements for receiving, processing, and satisfying these requests from consumers. The bill would prescribe various definitions for its purposes and would define “personal information” with reference to a broad list of characteristics and behaviors, personal and commercial, as well as inferences drawn from this information. The bill would prohibit the provisions described above from restricting the ability of the business to comply with federal, state, or local laws, among other things.
The bill would provide for its enforcement by the Attorney General, as specified, and would provide a private right of action in connection with certain unauthorized access and exfiltration, theft, or disclosure of a consumer’s nonencrypted or nonredacted personal information, as defined. The bill would prescribe a method for distribution of proceeds of Attorney General actions. The bill would create the Consumer Privacy Fund in the General Fund with the moneys in the fund, upon appropriation by the Legislature, to be applied to support the purposes of the bill and its enforcement. The bill would provide for the deposit of penalty money into the fund. The bill would require the Attorney General to solicit public participation for the purpose of adopting regulations, as specified. The bill would authorize a business, service provider, or 3rd party to seek the Attorney General’s opinion on how to comply with its provisions. The bill would void a waiver of a consumer’s rights under its provisions. The bill would condition its operation on the withdrawal of a specified initiative from the ballot.
We are here to deliver solutions. Contact SecureDAM™ today!  One of our Customer Support representatives will reply to you as quickly as possible.
NAICS Code: 541330, 541511, 511210, 611420, 541112, 541519, 541611, 541990, 611430, 333316, 423410, 541513, 518210, 928110, 611519, 541430, 335210, 519120, 541690 .
*WOSB Small Business Enterprise SBE, DBE and HUBZone located ( Pending certification) with additional certification through platform providers and partners. With an active DOD CAGE number. We are a woman-owned small business (WOSB) certified through SBA, to deliver top-notch performance objectives. Small Business Enterprise SBE, DBE  certificate and HUBZone located ( Pending certification) with additional certification  through platform providers and partner.
Products
AXIS Q6000-E Mk II PTZ Network Camera
AXIS M3048-P Network Camera
Federal, State and Local Government
Government Service Ransomware
AXIS M3058-PLVE Network Camera
Timing TimeKeeper™ Server & Software GPS
SecureDAM™ SMPTE 2059-1 choice of a PTP Grandmaster
What network video solution is best for you
IoT for Smart Cities: Network Implementation Strategies
Compliance & Security
All Rights Reserved.
2013 - 2020 SecureDAM™ LLC and respective owners. All product names, trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. All other trademarks cited herein are the property of their respective owners. Products are NIST 800 171 Compliance Cybersecurity | Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement(DFARS) | IT Security Audit & Assessment | Cybersecurity Maturity Model Compliance | Managed IT & Security Service Providers | Cyber DiligencePrivacy Policy | Terms of Use
| Equal Opportunity Employer Policy | Industry Standard Codes
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled