http://www.hyperic.com/help/privacy.html
Products
vRealize Hyperic
vRealize Hyperic
Overview
Spotlight
Features
TECH SPECS
Resources
Find a Partner
Contact Sales
Download Free Trial
VMware is announcing the End of Availability (EOA) of VMware vRealize Hyperic, effective July 1, 2020. After this date, VMware vRealize Hyperic will no longer be available for purchase. VMware will continue to support this product through January 31, 2021 (End of General Support). Please refer to product lifecycle matrix for the latest updated dates.
We recommend that customers migrate to VMware vRealize Operations Enterprise Edition or vRealize Operations Cloud service—which offers consistent operations and application monitoring capabilities for the modern multi-cloud datacenter.
For more information, please refer to KB #78911. If you have additional any questions, please contact your VMware account team or VMware Partner.
Application Monitoring Across All Environments with vRealize Hyperic
Manage the performance and availability of a broad range of operating systems, middleware, and applications running in your physical, virtual, and cloud environments with VMware vRealize Hyperic, a vRealize Operations component.
What vRealize Hyperic Does
Infrastructure and OS Application Monitoring
Understand availability, performance, utilization, events, logs and changes across every layer of your virtualization stack, from the vSphere hypervisor to guest operating systems.
vRealize Operations Integration
Gain comprehensive visibility and unified management of all of your infrastructure, middleware and applications from a single interface through integration with vRealize Operations Manager.
Middleware and Application Monitoring
Collect a vast range of performance data—as many as 50,000 metrics across more than 70 application technologies—and easily extend the data to monitor any component in your application and middleware stack.
SPOTLIGHT
vRealize Hyperic monitors any application, anywhere in your enterprise.
Native Monitoring Across Your Stack
vRealize Hyperic collects 50,000 metrics across 75 application technologies out of the box and, with a fully extensible framework, can easily monitor any component in your application stack.
Read the Datasheet
vRealize Hyperic Community
Ask questions and participate in discussions with vRealize Hyperic product experts and users.
Join the Conversation
VMware Cloud Management Blog
Get the latest news about vRealize Hyperic as well as expert insights into managing your data center.
Read the Blog
FEATURES
Infrastructure and OS Monitoring
Complete run-book deployment automation, including copying and reusing monitoring configurations and alert policies, to quickly bring resources under management. Conduct root cause analysis (RCA) based on comprehensive monitoring of performance, configuration and security changes.
Middleware and Application Monitoring
Automatically discover more than 120 popular middleware and applications instantly. Accelerate monitoring setup with preconfigured best-practice collection for key performance indicators (KPIs).
Alerts and Remediation Workflows
Reduce duplicate and irrelevant alerts and false alarms by setting precise alert condition definitions on a wide range of performance metrics. Assign problems to the correct IT specialists with role-based alerting and schedule administrative actions with calendar alerts. Automate problem remediation across the data center with Hyperic Control Actions.
Dashboards and Reporting
Demonstrate compliance with service level agreements (SLAs), operating level agreements (OLAs) and undermining contracts with easy-to-use dashboards and reports targeting specific owners and IT management.
Extensibility
Access all vRealize Hyperic features through the universally extensible API, which aggregates all subsystem-specific functionality in one simple programming interface. Build custom plugins to manage any type of server with the Hyperic Plugin Framework. Create custom user interfaces to present business-specific performance data with the HQU Plugin Framework.
TECH SPECS
vRealize Hyperic
vRealize Hyperic manages a broad range of products including application servers, Web servers, databases, operating systems, hypervisors, messaging servers and directory servers. vRealize Hyperic uses the native management capabilities of the managed products.
Operating Systems
Linux, Windows, Solaris, HP/UX, Free BSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD, Mac OS X, Cisco IOS, PIXOS
Application Servers
Tomcat, WebLogic, WebSphere, .NET, tc server, Geronimo, Caucho Resin, Glassfish, JBoss, Jetty, JOnAS, JRun, ColdFusion, Oracle Application Server, Zope
Virtualization
VMware vSphere, vCenter, VMware Cloud Director, VI3, GSX, Xen VM
Application Platforms
Spring, JEE, J2EE, LAMP, .NET, JMX, MX4J, Sun JVM
Databases
PostgreSQL, Informix, Sybase Adaptive Server, CouchDB, GemFire, iAnywhere
Web and Proxy Servers
Apache, IIS, Memcached, GemFire, lighttpd, Nginx, Squid, SunONE/iPlanet
Messaging Middleware
ActiveMQ, IBM MQ Series, MSMQ, RabbitMQ, Hadoop
Network Management
NetScaler, Samba, Vyatta, WxGoos, ZXTM
Directory Services
Microsoft Active Directory, OpenLDAP
Email Servers
Microsoft Exchange, Zimbra, Sendmail, Postfix, qmail, IBM Lotus Domino
Agentless Monitoring
SNMP, HTTP, DHCP, DNS, FTP, IMAP, LDAP, NTP, Ping, POP3, RPC, SMTP, SSH,   TCP, SQL Queries, Selenium synthetic transactions
Other Software
Bugzilla, Wordpress, Alfresco, Bind, Mule ESB, Asterisk, Sensatronics, Microsoft
Terminal Services
Monitoring Tool Integrations
Nagios, OpenNMS, SNMP to OpenView, Tivoli, Patrol, Unicenter
See All
RESOURCES
Learn & Evaluate
vRealize Hyperic Datasheet
Application Monitoring and Dashboard Use Case
Join the Community
vRealize Hyperic Community
vRealize Operations on Twitter
vRealize Operations on LinkedIn
Install & Configure
vRealize Hyperic Installation
vRealize Hyperic Documentation