http://www.gsa-online.de/gsa-policy/
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy
The developers of this website value your private data. That is why we handle your personal data privetly and according to the legal data protection regulations and the following privacy statement.
The use of this website is mostly possible without stating any personla data. We only collect personal data you freely submitt to us, like name, address or Email address, if possible. We will not provide any of that data to a third party without your specific permission.
We wish to point out that the transferring of data via internet (for example when communicating via e-mail) can pose security risks. A complete data protection against access of third parties is not possible.
Cookies
Websites often use so-called Cookies. Cookies don`t do your Computer any harm and don`t transport viruses. Cookies serve the purpose of making our offer user-friendly, effective and safer. Cookies are small text files which are placed by your browser on your computer.
Most of the cookies we use are so called Session-Cookies. They are automatically erased at the end of your session. Persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted. They enable us to recognize your computer during your next visit.
You can set up your browser to inform you about the setting of cookies and to allow cookies only on a case-by-case basis, to accept cookies for certain cases or in general to exclude them and automatically delete the cookies Enable cookies when closing the browser. The deactivation of cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Server-LogFiles
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically sends to us. These are:
Browser type und version
Used Operation system
Referrer URL
Hostname of your Computer
Tima and date when accessing it
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A combination of these data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to provide such data after the fact, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.
Contact Form
If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
Facebook-Plugins (Like-Button)
On our pages plugins of the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, are integrated. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the "Like-Button" on our site. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our pages, a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server is established via the plugin. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Like-Button" while you are logged in to your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Facebook profile. As a result, Facebook can assign the visit to our pages to your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Facebook. Further information can be found in the privacy statement of Facebook at
https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to our pages with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
Twitter
Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our sites. These features are available through Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit will be linked to your Twitter account and shared with other users. In the process, data is also transmitted to Twitter. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. For more information, see the privacy statement of Twitter at
https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
Your privacy settings on Twitter can be found in the account settings below:
https://twitter.com/account/settings.
LinkedIn
Our website uses features of the LinkedIn network. Providers is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States. Each time you visit one of our pages that has LinkedIn features, it will connect to LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click LinkedIn's "Recommend Button" and are logged in to your LinkedIn account, LinkedIn may associate your visit to our website with you and your user account. We point out that, as the provider of the pages, we have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and their use by LinkedIn.
For more information, see the privacy statement of LinkedIn at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
XING
Our website uses functions of the network XING. Provider is XING AG, Dammtorstrasse 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Each time you visit one of our sites that contains XING features, it will connect to XING servers. A storage of personal data is not done to our knowledge. In particular, no IP addresses are stored or the usage behavior is evaluated.
Further information on data protection and the XING Share button can be found in the privacy statement of XING:
https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from the Google-powered YouTube page. Site operator is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit one of our YouTube plug-in-enabled sites, you will be connected to the servers of YouTube. The Youtube server will be informed which of our pages you visited.
If you are logged in to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
For more information about how to handle user data, see the privacy policy of YouTube:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Avangate/2CheckOut
We use Avangate / 2CheckOut as a payment system and to deliver the products.
The provider is fully compliant with the strict GDPR guidelines. For more information, please visit: https://www.2checkout.com/lp/gdpr-compliant-statement.html.
Refund Policy
We offer a demo version which is almost always fully functional. Those parts who are not, will of course work in the full version. That said, we encourage everyone to test the software before deciding to buy it. See it as when you try buying a car. Do you buy it without test driving it? No. If you have the ability (for) to test a software (to test it), do it! That said, we do not offer any refund for complains as: "Not as expected" or "Not working". However, we are there for you to overcome problems with setups in our software. Just email us and we are there for you finding the issue and help getting it to the stage you need (it). Almost every license comes with free updates (free) for a life time. And there are several updates of all our software tools that only bring quality forward. Also keep in mind that our products are simply digital copies. We are not shipping any physical CD or box and for that reason you couldn't return it anyway on a refund. If you are not agreeing to the above, please, simply do not buy anything from us.
SSL Encryption
This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as the requests you send to us as the site operator. You can tell from an encrypted connection that the browser's address bar is from "http://" on "https://" changes and the lock icon in your browser bar.
If SSL encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.
Right to information, leasing, blocking
You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, their origin and recipients and the purpose of the data processing as well as the right to correct, block or delete this data. For this purpose as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.
Contradiction advertising emails
The use of contact data published as part of the imprint obligation for the purpose of sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby rejected. The site operators expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited promotional information, such as spam e-mails.