http://www.leotel-software.co.uk/cookies-and-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Cookies and Privacy Policyadmin2020-05-29T12:28:49+01:00
Our Use of Cookies Strictly necessary cookies These cookies are essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Preference or functional cookies These non-necessary cookies are used to help us manage your visit to this website, for example storing your the PHP session ID while your browser is open. PHPSESSID: This cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a user’s unique session ID for the purpose of managing user sessions on the website. The cookie is a session cookie and is deleted when all of the browser windows are closed. You can accept or refuse these non-functional cookies at any time, using the ‘Cookie Settings’ button. Performance and analytic cookies Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with this website. These cookies help provide information about how you use this website, for example which pages you visited and which links you clicked on. Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of this website which helps us to deliver a better user experience for visitors. Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to analyse which pages on our website are most commonly visited, and which search terms are being used to find our website. This helps us to refine our website content and what keywords we use. More information about how Google uses the data collected from this site can be found here. We use the following Google Analytics performance and analytic cookies on this website: _gat: This cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate and limit the colllection of data on high traffic sites. Duration: 1 minute. _ga: This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to distinguish users, and is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the website’s analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. Duration: 2 years. _gid: This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to distinguish users, and allows Google Analytics to generate information about how visitors use a website and an analytics report about how the website is performing. The data collected includes the number of visitors, the source from which they have come, and the pages visited in an anonymous form. Duration: 1 day. You can accept or refuse these non-functional cookies at any time, using the ‘Cookie Settings’ button. Our Privacy Notice Our contact details: LeoTel Software Systems Limited Address: Lines House, 78 High Street, Stevenage, SG1 3DW, United Kingdom Phone Number: +44 (0)1438 220 200 E-mail: info@leotel-software.co.uk What type of information we have We currently collect and process the following information:
Personal identifiers, contacts and characteristics. Depending on the method and purpose of the contact, we may collect your name and contact details, information that you provide to us as part of a current or prospective business relationship with us, and/or, if you are applying for a position with us, we may collect and process your curriculum vitae (CV) and references.
How we get the information and why we have it Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you for one of the following reasons:
You have contacted us via email or telephone with an enquiry (for example, regarding a prospective or current business relationship with us, or for careers opportunities). We have contacted you to obtain your opt-in consent that you wish to be added to our marketing mailing list in order to receive an occasional newsletter.
We also receive personal information indirectly, from the following sources in the following scenarios:
If you have accepted non-functional cookies, Google Analytics collects information about your usage of the website, including pages that you have visited, and, for example, your IP address and country of origin.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing this information are: (a) Your consent.  You are able to remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting our Data Controller by email at info@leotel-software.co.uk, by telephone +44 (0)1438 220 200, or by post to Data Controller, LeoTel Software Systems Limited, Lines House, 78 High Street, Stevenage, SG1 3DW, United Kingdom. (b) We have a contractual obligation. We are collecting and processing the information as part of an ongoing business relationship with users of our services. (c) We have a legitimate interest. You may be a potential customer whose name and contact details we have obtained via publicly available sources, for example noticing your company during a visit to a science park, or during a visit to a trade exhibition. What we do with the information we have We use the information that you have given us in order to: (a) maintain or establish a contractual business relationship with you. (b) manage your careers application if you are applying for a position with us. (c) keep a record of personal data for insurance purposes, e.g. if we have work experience placements. (c) maintain an opt-in mailing list which we use to send occasional newsletters. (d) improve our website content and Search Engine Optimisation (SEO). We may share this information with external organisations if we are required to do so for regulatory or legal reasons. How we store your information Your information is securely stored at our registered business address in Stevenage. We also maintain secure off-site backups for disaster recovery. These are kept in a UK-based cloud storage location which uses end-to-end encryption. We keep names and contact details related to business relationships until you ask us to delete them, unless a regulatory or legal reason prevents us from doing so. We review our contact database approximately every 18 months in order to delete any defunct contacts and to update existing contact details. If you apply to us for employment but we don’t have any suitable positions, we will keep your CV on file in case of future requirements. We maintain HR-relevant records including CVs for a period of 6 years in accordance with government regulations. We will then dispose your information by deleting it from our file system. The data will be deleted from our backups within a week. Your data protection rights Under data protection law, you have rights including: Your right of access – You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. Your right to rectification – You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. Your right to erasure – You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. Your right to restriction of processing – You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Your right to object to processing – You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. Your right to data portability – You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances. You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. Please contact us at by email at info@leotel-software.co.uk, by telephone +44 (0)1438 220 200, or by post to Data Controller, LeoTel Software Systems Limited, Lines House, 78 High Street, Stevenage, SG1 3DW, UK, if you wish to make a request. How to complain You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data. The ICO’s address: Information Commissioner’s Office Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF United Kingdom Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
XWe use cookies and third-party scripts on our website. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL of these cookies and scripts. However, you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. Privacy PolicyREJECTACCEPTCookie SettingsCookie Settings
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the basic working of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt out of these cookies.
Preferences
non-necessary
These non-necessary cookies are used to help us manage your visit to this website, for example storing your the PHP session ID while your browser is open, or enabling you to view Google Maps on this website.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with this website. These cookies help provide information about how you use this website, for example which pages you visited and which links you clicked on. We use the following analytics on this website: Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to analyse which pages on our website are most commonly visited, and which search terms are being used to find our website. This helps us to refine our website content and what keywords we use. More information about how Google uses the data collected from this site can be found here.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of this website which helps us to deliver a better user experience for visitors. We use Google Analytics to analyse the performance of this website. More information about how Google uses the data collected from this site can be found here.
Save & Accept
Go to Top