http://www.htk.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Legal Terms & Conditions
HTK.co.uk (the “website”) is operated by HTK Limited (“HTK”, “we”, “us”, “our”) whose registered address is at Chapmans Warehouse, Wherry Quay, Ipswich IP4 1AS, UK.
These terms relate to your use of our website. Other terms may apply to the provision of any of the Services that we provide via this website and you should check to see what specific terms apply to any Services which you use.
We may terminate, change or suspend any part of this website including any content, features, and hours of availability or these terms at any time. Continued use of this website after we have made any such changes will signify your consent to the changes.
Copyright in the material contained in the website belongs to HTK or its licensors. All rights, save as expressly granted, are reserved.
HTK grants to visitors to this website a licence to make one free copy of the information contained herein for personal or non-commercial use only. Accordingly, unless otherwise expressly stated, no part of this website may be copied, performed in public, broadcast or adapted without HTK’s prior written permission. Any other use of materials on this website without our prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
HTK and the HTK logo and all brands and products referred to or detailed in the website are the trademarks of HTK. No rights are granted in respect of any of the above trademarks. If you are in doubt whether an item is a trademark of HTK please contact us for clarification.
While HTK has taken every effort to ensure that the information contained within this website is correct, visitors should be aware that the information may be incomplete, inaccurate or may have become out of date. The website is provided on an “as is” basis and we give no warranty or make any representation regarding the quality, accuracy or completeness of the content of this website. Further, no warranty is given that the website will be available on an uninterrupted basis, and no liability can be accepted in respect of losses or damages arising out of such unavailability.
Subject to the next paragraph, HTK excludes all liability for any kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party (including without limitation, any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts or use of money whether arising in tort (including without limitation negligence), contract or otherwise) in connection with the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this website.
Nothing in these terms or this website shall limit our liability for fraud or death or personal injury arising out our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
The use of third party websites is entirely at your own risk. Links contained in the website will lead to other websites not under our control, and we accept no liability for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links provided on the website are provided to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply reliability and HTK does not endorse any pages linked to the website. Accordingly, you should read the terms and conditions of those websites before using them and direct any questions or comments about the linked website’s contents to the relevant website provider.
HTK is committed to protecting your privacy and we operate a strict privacy policy in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with these terms and conditions and forms an integral part of these terms.
If the visitor transmits defamatory material to the HTK website this may result in criminal and/or civil proceedings being commenced against the visitor and the visitor shall at all times indemnify HTK against all losses, expenses, damages, costs (including reasonable legal costs) suffered or incurred by HTK in relation thereto.
Nothing in these terms confers on any third party any benefits under the provisions of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. This does not effect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available otherwise than pursuant to this Act.
If any part of these terms are found to be void or unenforceable, it will be severed from the rest of the terms which shall remain unaffected.
You are granted access to the HTK web pages on condition that you accept all of the above and the application of English law and the exclusive use of the English courts to govern matters in relation to the website. You also agree to indemnify HTK and not to hold HTK liable for the result (foreseeable or otherwise) of your actions or omissions based on material contained herein.