https://www.targetgroup.com/site-resources/privacy-and-cookies
×
About us
Our Culture and Values
Our Leadership
Our Clients
Case Studies
Risk & Regulatory Management
Accreditation, Memberships & Awards
Life at Target
Careers
Useful Documents
Business Transformation
Business Process Management
Operational Services
Mortgage & Loan Servicing Solutions
Collections and Arrears Management
Investments Servicing
Business Process Outsourcing
Portfolio Trading
Loan & Mortgage Software
Insurance Software
Target B’s Mortgage Hub
Public Sector
Professional Services
Compliance Services
Contact Centre Overflow
Customer Remediation Support
Data Analytics
Data Integrity
Due Diligence
Legal Title Management
Shortfall Debt Recovery
Latest Thinking
Contact Us
Site Resources
Candidate Privacy Notice
Target Marketing Privacy Notice
Modern slavery statement
Cookies & Website Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Tweet0LinkedIn0
Who we are and how to contact us
www.targetgroup.com is a website operated by Target Group Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales (registered number: 01208137), whose registered office is at Target House, Cowbridge Road East, Cardiff, CF11 9AU (“we”, “”our”).
To contact us, please email marketing@targetgroup.com or telephone us on 0845 650620.
What is the purpose of this document?
Target Group Limited is a “data controller”. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. This privacy notice is relevant to you because we place cookies on your computer, tablet or phone and use those cookies to collect information about you.
The kind of information we hold about you
We obtain information about you when you use our website.  We obtain three main types of information:
IP address lookup information which is collected without any activity on your part other than visiting our website (see below)
Cookies which are collected without any activity on your part other than visiting our website (see more information below),
Contact information, such as email addresses, when you contact us about our products and services, download a whitepaper or sign up to our newsletter. Once we have collected this information, and you have confirmed that you are willing to receive marketing communications from us, we will add your contact details to our marketing database at which point we will use this information in accordance with our Marketing Privacy Notice.  You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time.
We will not share, sell or trade your information with third party providers.
IP address lookup
Target uses third parties to provide information about visitors to our websites. When you visit our website we will record your IP address. This address will be matched against public and proprietary IP address databases to provide us with some information about your visit. This information may identify the organisation to whom the IP address is registered but not individuals.
Website cookies and link tracking
Cookies allow us to provide important site functionality so you do not have to re-enter lots of information. They also allow us to audit what links and pages have been clicked or viewed during a session. If you have provided us with personal data, by completing a contact form for example, we may associate this personal data with other information. This will allow us to identify and record what is most relevant to you.
If you don’t want cookies to be placed on your computer, tablet or phone, you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. More information on how to control cookies and limit personal data processing can be found at www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/five-top-tips. By using your browser controls, you are always in control of the cookies we store and access on your computer, tablet or phone.
Email Marketing Post-Click Tracking Cookies: These cookies are used to report on the pages of www.targetgroup.com that have been viewed by visitors to the website who have followed links from our email marketing campaigns. This analysis helps us to understand additional content that is viewed by the contacts in our database and therefore allow us to improve and tailor future campaigns to those contact’s specific areas of interest.
Cookies – more information
For more information on the cookies we use, please see More Information About Cookies below.
Legal grounds for our use of your personal data
Our use of your personal data (as described above) is necessary for:
Your consent.
The legitimate interest of marketing and advertising our products and services to you.
The legitimate interest of providing you with a tailored website visit.
Our use of your personal data is subject to a framework of safeguards that help make sure your rights are protected. This includes ensuring you have the ability to exercise your rights in relation to your personal data and complain if you are dissatisfied (please see “Your rights” below).
Retention and deletion of cookies
Please see More Information About Cookies.
Rights of access, correction, erasure, and restriction
Your rights in connection with personal information
By law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights please contact us at Target Group Limited, Imperial Way, Newport, NP10 8UH or email us at: marketing@targetgroup.com.
Target’s DPO
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows:
By post: For the attention of the Data Protection Officer, Target Limited, Imperial Way, Newport, NP10 8UH
By email: DPO@targetgroup.com
Complaining to the ICO
If you are unhappy about how we are handling your personal data contact us (see “Who we are” above for our contact details). You may wish to file a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, which regulates our processing of personal data. You can contact them by:
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF
Going to their website at www.ico.org.uk
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
More Information About Cookies
We use the following cookies:
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Site Resources
Target Marketing Privacy Notice
Modern slavery statement
Cookies & Website Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Search for:
×
We use cookies to improve our services and ensure they work for you.
Find out how we use cookies & how you can opt outAgree & Continue