http://www.fileprofile.com/terms.htm
Fileprofile.com : Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms Of Use
Please read this document carefully before accessing the content on this website.
By using this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions you may not use this website. This agreement may be updated by FileProfile.com at any time with effect immediately. You agree to review the agreement periodically to be aware of such modifications.
Copyright
The entire website is protected by international copyright and trademark laws. You may not modify, copy or distribute the material on this website, including text and graphics, without express permission of FileProfile.com. You may print and download portions of the material solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you do not change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the material.
Use of this website
You understand that the software listed on this website is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. You understand that FileProfile.com cannot and does not guarantee that files available for download through the site will be free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other code that implements destructive behaviour. You are responsible for implementing your own virus scanning procedures, and for maintaining a way to reconstruct any lost data.
In no event will FileProfile.com be liable for any consequential, incidential or direct damages suffered by using the software listed on this website. Programs listed on this website are governed by their respective license agreements, and may contain restrictions on use including, but not limited to, the requirement to pay the authors a specified amout after an evaluation period has expired.
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this website. FileProfile.com provides the website, related information and software "AS IS" without warranties of any kind. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all options, advice, software and other information provided on this website. FileProfile.com does not warrant that the website will be uninterrupted or error free, or that defects on the website will be corrected.
We reserve the right to remove any software title from FileProfile.com at any time for any reason.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless FileProfile, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to the website from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement whatsoever.
Contact information
You can contact us by e-mail at info@FileProfile.com.
Privacy Policy
Information that FileProfile gathers and tracks
FileProfile gathers two types of information:
Data that users provide through optional, voluntary registration.
Aggregated tracking information collected by monitoring page views. This information enables us to optimize our site structure and help our advertisers get an idea of the demographics of our visitors. This information cannot be traced back to each individual visitor, but should be seen as the "sum" of all our visitors, e.g. how many unique visitors do we have, how many percent are from USA etc.
Usage tracking
FileProfile tracks user traffic patterns from standard web server log files. We store statistics about domain names, browser types and IP addresses. We also track search terms that are entered into our search tools, but this information is not associated with individual users or IP addresses.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that a web server can tell your web browser to store on your hard disk. FileProfile uses cookies in the process of flagging applications for review. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk other than what is contained in the cookie file itself, and is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information.
FileProfile uses usage tracking to find out which areas of our site users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read or download, but we track the "sum" of all visitors.
FileProfile may supply advertisers and partners with reports on user demographics and traffic patterns, but will never share individual personal information with any third party company.
FileProfile links to a wide variety of other sites and contains advertisements of third parties. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
Security
FileProfile does everything we can to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Notification of changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our web site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Contact information
You can contact us by e-mail at info@FileProfile.com.
Most Popular
Editor's Choice
Category Listing
Audio
Business
Development Tools
Education
Games
Graphics
Home/Hobby
Internet
Miscellaneous
Screen Savers
Utilities
Submit Software
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Other Sites
Advertising
Copyright 2004 by FileProfile.com