https://www.entegrys.com/privacy-policy/
Products
Pricing
About
Contact
Articles
My Focus Suite
Login
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Entegrys Incorporated Web site. We appreciate your need for security as you use our site. This document identifies the types of information we may collect about you, how it is used, and who has access to it.
Information We Collect
Entegrys Incorporated collects personally identifiable information submitted to us through our Web site via the form on our “Contact” page. We also collect personally identifiable information in order to register individuals to use the competency tools on our extranet. This information is normally provided by you, another individual in your organization, or a business affiliate of yours. We expect that no one will volunteer your personal information without your consent, though we cannot guarantee this. Occasionally, a client company will appoint a “company administrator”. We register the company administrator in our extranet system and enable him or her to register other individuals to use our extranet. In this case, it is the responsibility of the client company to ensure that the company administrator does not register individuals on our extranet without their consent.
Use of Information Collected
We use personally identifiable information submitted to us to respond to requests for information and to optimize the online experience for registered users of our extranet. We may, from time to time, contact you about products and services we offer that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may let us know by phone at 1-877-889-5397 or by email at info@entegrys.com.
If you are a registered user of the Entegrys Extranet, you may be requested to share your opinions and observations through online questionnaires. You always have the option to decline to respond to a questionnaire or to any question in a questionnaire. The information you submit through online questionnaires is stored in our database and may be used, on its own and/or combined with data from other respondents, to create reports for the individual or organization that requested us to collect your feedback. Your feedback may be identifiable to the individual(s) receiving the reports, though we take precautions to prevent this.
We may, on occasion, use information gathered through our extranet questionnaires for research purposes, in which case your feedback would be combined with feedback from other individuals and no personally identifiable information would be used.
Sharing Your Information
We will not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties. Information collected by us or entered into our system by users of our site may be accessed by employees of Entegrys Incorporated and occasionally by other trusted organizations that work with Entegrys to help us provide you with better products and services. These organizations are committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information.
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information in any way other than stated above unless:
we have your permission,
we are legally obligated to do so,
we believe it is necessary to ensure the protection of you or another individual, or
we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights.
A company administrator (as defined previously) is only able to input, view, and modify the personal information for extranet users associated with his or her own organization in our extranet system.
Verifying Your Information
If you wish to verify your personal information or have it updated, you may contact us at 1-877-889-5397 or email us at info@entegrys.com and we will gladly correct/update it.
Cookies and Log Files
Our site uses “cookies”. (Click here for a definition of “cookies”.) Cookies are used on our extranet system in order to customize your experience. You can disable cookies using your browser settings, but some features of the Entegrys Extranet will not work with cookies disabled. We do not track your Internet behaviour outside of our Web site, and we do not install programs or viruses on your computer.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems and to track statistics of visitors to our site. Your IP address does not give us access to any personally identifiable information about you, and we cannot read your personal computer files.
Security
Entegrys Incorporated has several security measures in place to prevent loss of data and to protect the privacy of information you submit through our Web site. Security measures include encryption on extranet pages, as well as password-protected user-level access to our extranet.
We maintain your information in our secure database system and sometimes in hard copy form. Hard copies of information are maintained in locked files in areas secured from public access.
Links to Other Web Sites
We provide some links to other Web sites for your convenience. We do not guarantee the privacy of information that you submit to any sites that are not part of this Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy policy on each Web site before submitting any information to that site.
Changes to This Statement
If there are revisions or updates to this privacy policy, the updated version will be posted on our site. The most recent revision date can be seen at the bottom of this page.
By using the Entegrys Incorporated Web site, you indicate acceptance of this Privacy Statement as it is posted when you access our site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the content of this document, or if you believe Entegrys has in any way violated this privacy policy, you may contact us at 1-877-889-5397, or at reachus@entegrys.com. Your security is very important to us, and we will do our best to resolve concerns in a satisfactory and time-efficient manner.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on April 20, 2018.
Contact Info
Corporate Tel: 1-(877) 889-5397 (toll free) Email: info@entegrys.com
Sales Tel: 1-(877) 889-5397 (toll free) Email: sales@entegrys.com
Support Tel: 1-(877) 889-5397 (toll free) Email: support@entegrys.com
Recent Posts
What’s the Big Deal
Retail Competency – Two views from the customer side
A fresh look at Adaptability
Info LinksLogin
Products
FAQs
Articles
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Entegrys.