http://www.gemiscorp.com/privacy.htm
HOMECONTACT USPRIVACY
Computer/Network Security
Office IT Network Security
Office Network Set Up
Office WiFi Security
Shared Folders Security
Backing Up Office Files
Access Passwords
Antivirus Software
Cyber Attack Protection
Data Encryption
The Data Protection Act
What is a Firewall?
What is Malware?
Cost of Email Spam
Data Protection in the USA
Office Computer Usage
IT Systems Acceptable Use
Employee Computer Use Policies
Email Policies
Employee Computer Monitoring
Social Media Policies
Standardize Your Online Presence
Local IT Services
Birmingham
Bradford
Bristol
Edinburgh
Glasgow
Leeds
Liverpool
London
Manchester
Sheffield
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy sets out how Office IT Security Solutions uses and protects any personal information that you submit when you contact us.
Office IT Security Solutions is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. When you contact Office IT Security Solutions we ask you to provide certain information. You can be assured that this information will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Office IT Security Solutions may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from July, 2014.
What we collect
We may collect the following personal information:
contact information including your name and email address
other information relevant to personalizing your search results
What we do with the information we collect
Possible uses of the information include:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
The Office IT Security Solutions website contains links to other websites. We do not have any control over the websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Contacting Office IT Security Solutions via the contact form does not require you to provide either a name or email address. If you do not wish to provide these details simply leave those fields blank. Please note that if you do not provide us with an email address we will not be able to reply to you.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You can see what information we hold about you by asking us via the contact form or emailing us.
Office IT Security Solutions - Internet Security and Computer Services
Site and contents are © Office IT Security Solutions - All Rights Reserved 2014 - 2020