http://www.caddetails.com/about#help
Skip to main content
Menu
CAD Drawings
BIM Models
Products
Projects Gallery
SpecGREEN
Blog
Account
Login
Register
Who is CADdetails?
Our Story
Help Center
Contact Us
Privacy
Who We Are
Founded in 1997,
CADdetails
is the leading provider of manufacturer-specific building product information, delivering high-quality planning documents to architects, engineers, contractors, and other design industry professionals throughout North America.
Why
CADdetails
We want designers to specify new and innovative building products in their most coveted projects. We recognize that using a product for the first time can be risky so we go the extra mile to make sure our 3D models, CAD details and specifications are current, accurate and work in multiple formats. All of the content we host on CADdetails meets or exceeds the highest industry standards
What We Do
A virtual bridge between product manufacturers and professional designers, our mission is to help bring design projects to life by connecting the AEC industry with high-quality CAD drawings, 3D models, BIM files, specifications, images, and related documents from reputable manufacturers across the continent
Dedicated to organizing, enhancing, and simplifying the design and procurement process, we work hard to create the highest quality digital resources in a wide range of formats. All of our digital content is available for download free of charge.
Help Center
Use of the
CADdetails
website is absolutely free for design professionals and grants you access to thousands of manufacturer-approved, i-drop enabled CAD drawings, 3D models, BIM objects, product photographs, CSI specifications, PDF product brochures and more.
We value our registered users and we respect your Privacy.Please feel free to send any comments on our service and your overall experience with CADdetails to webmaster@CADdetails.com
FAQ & Answers
I'm being prompted to login. What should I do?
For unlimited access to all the content on CADdetails, you need to enter a valid business email address in the login field and click “login”.
If this is your first time visiting the site, you will be prompted to complete our new user registration form. All fields with an asterisk (*) are required to register. Your business phone and fax number are optional. If you would like to learn about the latest additions to CADdetails, be sure to subscribe to our free monthly e-mail newsletter.
Already signed up? Simply use your e-mail address and password to login.
What does the 'Remember me' option do?
By checking the 'Remember me' box, CADdetails.com will save your login information so that your account stays logged in for every time you visit the site. Your login information will be stored until you log off, even when you disconnect from the internet, close your web browser, or turn off your computer. To log off, click the Logout link under your account details in the top right corner of your screen.
Tip: If you are using a public or shared computer, you should not choose the 'Remember me' option because it will enable other users of the computer to access your information
I entered my email address but still can't login. What should I do?
If after entering your email address and clicking “login”, you are returned to the Login, please:
Check Your Business Registration Information. Ensure that the information you submitted on our registration contains only letters and numbers. Special characters are not valid [apostrophes ('), and quotes (")].
Enable Your Browser to Accept All Cookies CADdetails uses cookies to improve user experience, you must set your browser to accept cookies. You can adjust this setting under “security” or “privacy” for most browsers. If you experience difficulty setting cookies, please e-mail webmaster@CADdetails.com and specify your browser version so we may assist you.
Contact Us
For website or advertising inquiries, feel free to contact us directly anytime.
North America
Reach Us Here
Our customer service team will be happy to respond as soon as possible.
Toll-free, North America
(800) 363-6644
Globally
(519) 672-4451
Fax
(519) 660-1322
Extensions: Corporate & Sales Inquiries ext. 22 | Client Inquiries ext. 21
Online Inquiries
webmaster@caddetails.com
Advertising Inquiries
sales@caddetails.com
Want to get in touch? Send us an email!
Manufacturers - How to Participate
How can I become a client on CADdetails.com?
If you are a building product manufacturer and are interested in adding your product information to CADdetails.com, please read our page for manufacturers. For additional information, please contact sales@caddetails.com or call 1-800-363-6644.
Join as a Manufacturer
Privacy & Security
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about how you can use the information on CADdetails.com and our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide to CADdetails.com. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to this site. By submitting information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. View the full policy here.
Your Privacy is of paramount concern. We want you to have a positive experience with CADdetails and return time and time again. Should you wish to connect with a manufacturer directly there are many links throughout the site that include their contact information. They will not contact you directly without your consent.
Use of Site
Registered users understand and agree that the site is intended to provide information relating to the installation of manufactured building products for a specific project or to supplement their in-house personal design library. Furthermore it is understood that this information is provided free of charge for the purpose of helping design and construction professionals better understand manufacturers products. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MUST CONFIRM THE ACCURACY OF THE DOCUMENTS WITH THE MANUFACTURER BEFORE USING FOR DESIGN OR CONSTRUCTION PURPOSES. This information must not be copied, downloaded, distributed, manipulated or assembled for the purpose of building a similar service, reverse engineering the data to develop CAD 2D or 3D models or product specifications. Furthermore it is understood that this information is provided free of charge for the purpose of helping design and construction professionals specify and install manufacturers products only. All other uses will be considered a violation of trademark and copy right laws and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law unless agreed to in writing with Visions Computer Imaging systems Ltd. prior to such use.
How do you use my corporate registration information?
CADdetails.com is committed to providing design professionals with accurate, up-to-date, manufacturer-approved drawings and specifications, at no cost to business professionals. Only business related information should be submitted to CADdetails.com. You will be informed what information is required and what information is optional. If your business address (including email, phone and fax) is the same as your home address then CADdetails.com will treat all information collected as business in nature. All providers of information to this site are considered to be employees of commercial enterprises.
Your business registration allows us to bring you new features and services through this site, and to respond to your needs more effectively. By providing us with your business information, we can keep you informed about new products and notify you about modifications to the products and specifications contained in our digital library. Providing your complete and accurate business contact information also allows you to take advantage of our convenient 'Request a Quote' form. To instantly request additional information, such as material samples, prices, a follow up call or email from a sales rep., or a job quote, click on the Request a Quote link throughout the site. Your business contact information will automatically be provided to the manufacturer, saving you time.
When you register at CADdetails.com, your business e-mail address and contact information is added to our user database. CADdetails makes available detailed log files to show manufacturers who has viewed and downloaded their product literature, details and specifications. It is necessary to maintain these log files so that manufacturers may inform product specifiers of important changes to product lines or changes in federal, state, provincial or municipal standards that may affect the compliance of a product. For your security, this information is provided exclusively to our manufacturer representative through our password protected, manufacturer-only area. From time to time, members of the CADdetails Community may send you information or newsletters about news, new products, and product line changes. Many of our professional subscribers find these promotions valuable, whether they are purchasing a product, or simply gathering information in order to make an informed decision about a product or service they may be considering for future projects. We require all product manufacturers to agree to treat the information you provide in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes.
We take your privacy very seriously. If you do not wish to have your business contact information shared with CADdetails participating manufacturers, to report any abuse of the CADdetails system, or if you have questions, comments, requests, or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact us at: privacy@caddetails.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically. This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 1, 2019".
For more information on privacy and security, contact: privacy@caddetails.com.
Loading...
CADdetails Projects
Loading...
Add a New Project
Add
CADdetails Newsletter Archives
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By using CADdetails.com you accept our use of cookies.
Accept & Close