https://www.proleit.com/privacy-policy-online-application/
Privacy Policy Online Application
Thank you for your interest in our online job vacancy. ProLeiT AG is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. We hereby want to inform you about the data protection and practices, in particular the German Federal Data Protection Act (DS-GVO), concerning the collection, processing and utilisation of your data when applying for an online vacancy.Please read the following information and provisions carefully before submitting your data to us.The following application data is collected and processed as part of the online application:TitleFirst nameLast nameStreet and numberPostcode and town/cityEmail addressPhone/Mobile numberEmpty field for letter of applicationAttachment upload for application documentsFurthermore, whenever you access our web pages, technical information is automatically transferred from your web browser to us. This includes, for example, details about the browser being used, information on the operating system, date and time of access, pages viewed and maybe the URL of the referring website. This information is only evaluated for statistical purposes and for the appropriate design of our website. You, as the user, remain anonymous.We are unable to combine this data with data from your online application.For further information, please also refer to our general: Data Privacy Policy for the ProLeiT website.Moreover, please note that the data you have submitted may additionally be used for generating statistics via the (online) application process. The generation of these statistics is only used for company purposes and is not personalised but applied in an anonymous form.Please note that your data is not protected as standard during online transfer and can, therefore, be viewed and altered by unauthorised third parties. If in doubt, use our postal address to send us confidential information. If a contract is entered into, we save necessary data, such as your name, address, details about the contract agreement.By submitting application documents, the applicant declares that data can be saved according to applicable laws.ProLeiT AG agrees not to disclose the file to third parties without the applicant’s express consent, unless necessary as defence against claims by third parties in a court of law and to delete it immediately after the legal proceedings.Consent to data processingBy placing a tick into the checkbox, you give your full consent to ProLeiT AG collecting, processing and utilising the data submitted in order to process your application.  Your data will only be transferred after checking the checkbox and thereby giving your consent. Information on sensitive data: Please note that applications that you submit to us, especially CVs, certificates and other transferred data, may contain particular sensitive details about mental and physical health, cultural or ethnic background, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a union or political party or sex life.  If you submit details of this nature in your online application, you expressly agree to the collection, processing and use of this data by ProLeiT AG to process your application. This data is processed in accordance with this Data Privacy Statement and other applicable legal or regulatory requirements.Retention period of application dataYour personal application data will be deleted automatically three months after the end of the application procedure. However, this does not apply where deletion is not possible for legal reasons, continued storage is necessary as an essential source of evidence or you have expressly agreed to a longer storage period.Storage for future job vacancies If we are unable to offer you a placement at this particular time, but, due to your profile, believe your application could be of interest for future job vacancies, we shall store your personal application data for a period of twelve (12) months if you expressly consent to the storage and use of your data during this period. With your express consent, we will compare your documents automatically with job vacancies and contact you if a suitable offer comes along. In no case will your data be forwarded to third parties.Handling of data ProLeiT AG will handle, save and use your personal information and data with the utmost care and discretion for its dedicated purpose. Needless to say, the provisions of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) apply in this situation.Use of collected data We require the personal data you have submitted to us to process your application. ProLeiT AG only uses data for as long as necessary to satisfy this purpose. Your data is used specifically and solely for the purpose of processing your application.Right to information In compliance with applicable laws and upon written request, we will inform you as to whether and which personal data concerning you are stored by us.We will gladly answer any questions you may have on data privacy.If you request ProLeiT AG not to use your personal data for further contact and/or to delete it, the company will comply with your request. Data which is required in order to process an order or for business purposes is not affected by a request to cease using or to delete personal data.Revocation of consent You may also revoke your consent at any time:By post:  ProLeiT AG  HR Department Einsteinstr. 8 91074 Herzogenaurach GermanyBy email: jobs(at)proleit.comChanges to this Data Privacy Statement Due to the rapid development of the Internet and the further development of legal best practice, we reserve the right to revise this Data Privacy Statement at any time in line with technical and legal requirements.Furthermore, please also refer to our general Data Privacy Policy for our websites.
We respect your privacy
We (ProLeiT) and certain third parties use cookies at “proleit.com” and on its sub-pages.
Cookies are necessary for full use of the website and enable us to analyse its performance and to offer you a better user experience with relevant content. The details regarding the types of cookies, their purpose and the third parties involved are described in our Data Privacy Statement under Notification of the use of cookies.
By clicking "Agree and continue", you consent to the use of cookies. You can revoke your consent at any time using the Cookie settings in the Data Privacy Statement.
Agree and continue