http://www.zero2000.com/company/privacy-policy.html
Text To Speech Software with Free Natural Voices | Zero2000.com
Follow us on Twitter
Join us on Facebook
Subscribe via RSS
Home
Products
Downloads
Purchase
Voices
Support
Articles
Company
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Zero2000 Software website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Email address - We will use your email address only to keep you informed on news, information, and tips regarding our products and will never share your information with anyone else.
When you purchase a product from us we ask you to input your name and billing address. We do not store this information but simply pass this information to our secure ecommerce provider.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We ask questions regarding what products you use to create documents. We will only use this information to improve our current products or create new products. We will never share this information with third parties. You are not required to provide us with this information, these questions are completely optional.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Correct Your Information
We only store your email address (and name if you optionally supplied it) along with our survey questions asked at the time you requested to download our product. If you would like us to remove your email address from our database, please contact us via email.
Refund Policy
We encourage you try our products before you buy. We offer a fully functional evaluation/download version for potential users to "try before you buy". When a user makes a purchase online, we email the user an electronic key code to unlock the trial product. Given the fact that the electronic key code is rendered at the time of purchase, there is no way to take the electronic key code back from a purchased user. Therefore, it is assumed that when a user purchased the registered version from us, he/she is satisfied with the program's features and functionalities, so that no refund/return request would therefore be requested by the user on such basis.
If you have not tested our free evaluation versions from our download sites, please do so before you place your order to make sure that the product you are ordering is what you want.
With above said, however, we will consider any such refund/return request on its own merits, and make best efforts to assist you in the following way
You send your request to "support(AT)zero2000.com" within 30 days of purchase and state the reason for such request; We will reply to you according to your request to determine if the request should be considered as reasonable given the above stated reason for "try before you buy" marketing.
If you have any issues regarding to the product support, please contact support(AT)zero2000.com for technical support. Our support staff will do our best to provide you the quality customer service to resolve any problem you encountered.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us by email.
Copyright © 2000-2017 Zero2000 Software All Rights Reserved. | Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy - Contact Us - Sitemap