http://www.ineedhits.com/search-engine-help/terms.aspx
Australian Dollar - AUD
United States Dollar - USD
Great Britain Pound - GBP
cart   |
logout   |
login   |
contact
HomePackage DealsSubmissionSEOTrafficFree ToolsResellerHelpBlogAccount HomeAccount DetailsView TasksMy LeadsMy ReportsMy LocalManage SubscriptionsOrder HistoryCommunications
Learning Center
FAQ's
Testimonials
Case Studies
Contact Us
Privacy
Security
Terms and Conditions
About Us
Terms and Conditions
ineedhits.com Pty Ltd ("ineedhits.com") services ("Services") include submission of URLs to search engines for listing in their databases and providing Web site optimization and online advertising services. For full details of the Services provided by ineedhits.com, see www.ineedhits.com.These terms and conditions apply to the use of this Web site including the purchase of Services over this Web site. In using this Web site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must refrain from using the Web site. By using the Service, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the Terms of Service, just as if you had signed this Agreement. If you do not comply and/or continue to comply with the Terms of Service, ineedhits.com may terminate your right to access the service.
1. Terms and ConditionsYou agree and continue to agree to use the Services in a manner consistent with all applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below.You will not engage in any conduct that in the discretion of ineedhits.com restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services. You agree to use the Services only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Services any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law.Ineedhits.com may elect to electronically monitor the Services for adherence to these Terms & Conditions and may disclose to the extent permitted by law any content, records or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized governmental request, (ii) if such disclosure is necessary to operate the Services, or (iii) to protect the rights or property of ineedhits.com or its partners.Ineedhits.com reserves the right to prohibit conduct, communication or content which it deems in its discretion to be harmful to individual users or other third-party rights, or to violate any applicable law.
2. Agreement to PurchaseBy law, an order placed by you, the customer, is an intent to buy and cannot rescind solely because of a change in mind. Orders placed through this Web site are not altered in any way unless authorized to do so by you, the customer. You acknowledge that ineedhits.com Services may be automatically renewed unless otherwise requested by yourself. All orders are processed according to authorization to do so. If there are any changes contact us immediately.All services ordered from ineedhits can only be completed in English. If a client orders a service with a different website language, they are responsible in adding an English version of the website prior to ineedhits continuing with services. Submission based services can be completed in any language. All orders placed through ineedhits are non refundable.a. Service RenewalYou acknowledge that ineedhits.com services may be automatically renewed unless otherwise requested by yourself. All times and dates are recorded in GMT time. In order to cancel a subscription, the account holder must login to their account to verify themselves and request cancellation from the subscriptions management console. For administration purposes, up to 10 business days should be allowed from the time this cancellation request is provided, to when the account cancellation occurs.In order to cancel a PayPal subscription, log into your PayPal account, go to your profile and click My Money. Your agreement is in My Preapproved Payments.b. Subscription PurchasesA contract is created between ineedhits.com and you, the customer, upon receipt of your pre-paid subscription order and payment details via the www.ineedhits.com website.Under the pre-paid subscription contract, you agree to have ineedhits.com fulfill search engine marketing services, on the specified URL/s (web pages) for the full duration of the specified pre-paid subscription period, as purchased. Pre-paid subscriptions are exempt from refunds, credits or compensation for any outstanding services or deliverable outcomes caused by the early termination/cancellation of the pre-paid subscription contract by the customer.c. URLs & Service Deliveryineedhits will endeavor to fulfill search engine marketing services on the specified URLs (web pages) provided for each service purchased. If a specific URL is not provided for any service(s), the main website URL provided during Step 1 of the ordering process may be used to complete the service.d. ineedhits Banner NetworkThe ineedhits' banner network is displayed across various pages and sites which can change without prior notice. ineedhits will only display banners that are not illegal, unethical or misleading and that are in good taste. ineedhits.com will not display banners of an adult nature (exception adult dating banners that are in good taste are accepted). ineedhits.com reserves the right not to create or display banners that either directly or indirectly compete with ineedhits' services or are not in the best interests of ineedhits.com or its customers. The decision regarding the suitability of any banner rests solely with ineedhits.com and shall be final. Any payments made for creating or displaying banners on the ineedhits' banner network will be forfeited without eligibility for any form of refund or compensation.e. ineedhits Newsletter Advertisingineedhits will only include advertisements that are not illegal, unethical or misleading and that are in good taste. ineedhits reserves the right not to create or display advertising that either directly or indirectly competes with ineedhits' services or that is not in the best interests of ineedhits or its customers. Advertisements which are likely to negatively impact the delivery rate of the newsletter will also not be accepted.The decision regarding the suitability of any advertisement rests solely with ineedhits and shall be final. Any payments made for creating or displaying advertisements will be forfeited without eligibility for any form of refund or compensation.f. Easy Search Advertising (formerly Easy PPC)ineedhits will strive to set up online advertising campaigns and deliver Google and/or Yahoo! paid search traffic to the customer's website. If paid search traffic cannot be delivered to the website in question due to the editorial policies of the search engines regarding the acceptance of advertiser web properties, ineedhits is not to be held liable. Ongoing account management fees are billed monthly in advance at a flat rate starting from $109.  Any service or account management fees already paid to ineedhits are non-refundable.Costs associated with media and clicks generated from the Easy Search Advertising service are charged directly by the respective search engines (Google and/or Yahoo!). These will appear as separate charges on your credit card statement.All Google AdWords or Yahoo! Search Marketing accounts initially setup by ineedhits are the property of ineedhits and will not be provided to the client upon cancellation of their Easy Search Advertising service.Search Engine Guidelines For Easy Search Advertising Pay-Per-Click CampaignsPlease note that Google and Yahoo! don't accept websites into their paid search campaigns that fail to comply with the following guidelines:
The URL must not have a redirect.
The destination URL must be active and not under construction. The destination URL cannot link to an email address or a file.
Pop-ups are not allowed on the landing page.
Links to your website must allow users to enter and exit the landing page easily, and to return to the search results page or ad network by clicking once on the browser's "Back" button.
The landing page should use a secure server (https://) when collecting personal information from users.
The site must not have Duplicate Content (e.g. affiliate sites).
The site must not be of Gambling, Home Based Business, Pharmaceutical or Adult nature.
For more information, visit https://adwords.google.com/select/guidelines.htmlLead Generator System - Conversion Web Pages (Landing Pages)
Only 1 complimentary landing page will be included with each Easy Search Advertising service.
All landing pages remain the sole property of ineedhits and may be modified at any time to correct errors, improve performance or for any other reason as deemed necessary.
If your service is cancelled, your landing page(s) will be removed from our servers and the URL(s) will become inactive. This includes landing pages included as part of a package if any part of this service is cancelled.
We will endeavour to create the highest quality landing page using the template selected and the information provided. All customers will be permitted one text-only change to their landing page copy with any additional changes subject to a fee.
g. Code Uploadineedhits will normally only upload "Alt Tag" and "Text Link Tag" optimized code elements in cases where a web page is written in simple HTML. If a web page has been designed using dynamic server side languages (i.e. PHP, ASP, CGI) rather than simple HTML, uploading of non Meta Data elements will be the responsibility of the customer and/or their webmaster.Customers who order Code Upload or other services which provide ineedhits access to make changes to their website, do so with the understanding that ineedhits is not liable for any errors which may occur in these updates. Although full care is taken when making such website changes, customers are expected to backup their website prior to providing ineedhits this access at each instance. It is recommended that you frequently update your FTP password after requested changes have been made.h. Packages and Special OffersAll packages purchased after the 2nd October 2007, are made available as monthly subscriptions by default. The packages and/or constituent services may be cancelled or paused at anytime via the ineedhits’ customer subscription management area.
On cancellation or pausing of individual service/s from a package – the remaining (those not cancelled or paused) service/s from the package will remain on subscription. The monthly price of the remaining services will represent their proportion of the package price, based on the full recommended retail price of the equivalent services (as at the time of purchase).
Special Offer services purchase before the 2nd October 2007, are treated as one service and therefore can only be cancelled or placed on hold in entirety. i. Premium SubmitAll Premium Submit services include manual submission to 17 search engines, manual submission to four directories, the registration of a Google Local listing and automated submission to 100 further search engines. Please note that because of the nature of Google Local listings, we can only create one listing per top level domain. This means that if you order multiple Premium Submit subscriptions for the same domain, we will maintain one Google Local listing across these multiple subscriptions.Google Local submission requires that your business have a valid street address. P.O Box address's are not acceptable. If you do not provide this information the local submission portion of your service cannot be completed. j. SEO Services with Ranking GuaranteesAll premium SEO services with ranking guarantees, are made available as monthly subscriptions by default. The service is billed monthly and may be cancelled or paused at anytime via the ineedhits’ customer subscription management area. There are no lock in contracts with this service.k. QuickHitsQuickHits is a website traffic service which delivers a specified number of visitors to your website. Traffic generated by this service is targeted to the category chosen with your order. You are guaranteed that we will deliver the number of visitors you have purchased, to the URL you specify, for as long as your QuickHits URL remains in compliance with these terms. In the unlikely event that we do not deliver the number of visitors promised, we will provide a pro-rata refund based on the amount of undelivered visitors and your purchase price.We only rely on our tracking system for the number of hits/visitors sent to your website. Unlike third party counters, we do not have load time to worry about. There are an enormous amount of counters with various load rates and it is impossible to accommodate each customers counter. Our definition of a "visitor" for this service is when a 24 hour unique IP address loads your webpage. This means that any person will not count as a "visitor" to your website twice in the same day.The source of visitors for this traffic can come from any combination of full page pop-unders and interstitial ads targeted to the category and region selected with your order.QuickHits Campaign GuidelinesURLs in the QuickHits program can not contain any of the following:
Any form of redirect (301/302, Javascript or otherwise)
Additional pop-up windows that load with your website, when a user exits your website or which opens within your website.
Any website that automatically initiates download boxes or scripting that alters the user's browser including Javascript alerts or dialogue boxes.
Sound which plays automatically (background or flash).
Adult, Illegal, Pharmaceutical, Violent or Hate related content.l. RankLocal Billing and Ranking Terms
RankLocal keyword selections will be based off the suburb and ranking keyword selected during the ordering process. ineedhits will use the combination of these two phrases to form the key phrase selected for top 10 Google rankings.
A business profile page will be created for each key phrase purchased. These profiles will be optimized for the specified key phrase to assist this listing in achieving top 10 Google rankings. All profiles will be hosted on a separate domain which is controlled by ineedhits.
Following the creation of each business profile, monthly payments will be paused until individual business profiles begin ranking in the top 10 organic search results for the key phrase agreed upon at the time of order. This ranking may be achieved in Google.com or any local variant (eg: Google.com.au). When a top 10 ranking is achieved, customers will be provided with a report and screenshot of their ranking as evidence. Monthly billing will then commence from this date, provided it is at least 30 days after the initial order date.
In the event that ineedhits is unable to achieve top 10 rankings for your chosen key phrase after 6 months, your RankLocal subscription will be cancelled and no further payment will be required. To claim your refund, please contact us within 2 months of this date via moneyback[at]ineedhits.com to claim a refund on your inital months service fee.
In the event that your business profile drops outside the top 10 organic results in Google.com or any local variant, please contact us and we will pause your monthly payments until your profile regains top 10 Google exposure.
Top 10 rankings can be achieved in either of the following formats: "keyword location" or "location keyword". Rankings can be achieved regardless of order.
m. Facebook LikesWhen ordering this product, I authorize ineedhits.com to source Facebook Likes (Fans) via a variety of methods and understand that the service is to deliver the specified Likes. I understand that fan numbers may decrease over time if the sourced fans select to Unlike my Facebook page. I also understand that ineedhits is not responsible for any potential repercussions from Facebook or any other parties, which may arise from the purchasing of these fans. Furthermore I realize that ineedhits is not liable for any unwanted postings made by the sourced Fans and it is my responsibility to monitor my Facebook page.
n. Twitter FollowersWhen ordering this product, I authorize ineedhits.com to source Twitter Followers via a variety of methods and understand that the service is to deliver the specified number of followers. I understand that a certain percentage may unfollow over time if the followers decide to Unlike my Twitter page. I also understand that ineedhits is not responsible for any potential repercussions from Twitter or any other parties, which may arise from the purchasing of these followers.
o. ineedhits WebsitesWhen ordering this product, I authorize ineedhits to install WordPress and enable the feature set as per the package I order. I understand that all content will be added by myself unless previously agreed to by ineedhits. Included within this Wordpress installation is the initiation of a hosting account with Hostgator.com – users should review the Hostgator Terms of Service for further information regarding their hosting arrangement. ineedhits is not responsible for the ongoing hosting arrangements with Hostgator.com and all questions should be directed to Hostgator. While ineedhits will investigate and fix any functional problems with any included themes and plugins, we are not responsible for ongoing help. ineedhits is not responsible for upgrades, further customization or conflicts with other plugins outside of this installation.
p. Pricing and Billingineedhits.com is an international company based in Australia. Prices on the website are listed in a variety of currencies, however charged in Australian dollars. ineedhits.com will endeavour to charge the equivalent price on the currency which has been listed, however due to the constant fluctuation in exchange rates, this may result in some small variations in the selected currency value that is charged to the customer. ineedhits.com cannot be held responsible for any variations in International exchange rates that may be imposed by a customer's banking institution. For Australian residents only, G.S.T. is included in the total price. You acknowledge and agree that ineedhits.com Pty Ltd may change its pricing structure at any time at its sole discretion. ineedhits reserves the right to employ the services of a debt collector in the event that a chargeback for services is received. We reserve the right to recover any costs associated with recovering this debt.
3. Promotions and Discountsa. DiscountThe value of the discount shall be as represented by the offer as stipulated in the details of the promotion. The discount may be applied to a particular product only or to an entire order placed via the checkout process on.  Services available on subdomains or third party websites are excluded from discount offers unless otherwise stated. The discount shall only be applied to the first order and not subsequent (repeating) orders.b. RedemptionCoupons and coupon codes may be subject to an expiry date. All times and dates are recorded in GMT time.Coupon codes may be subject to a redemption limit, after which coupons are no longer redeemable. ineedhits is solely responsible for the record keeping of coupon redemption.Coupons are not redeemable for cash and are non transferable. Failure to enter this code correctly will constitute an invalid code and the discount will not be applied.
4. Representations and WarrantiesYou expressly agree that use of the ineedhits.com service is at your sole risk. The ineedhits.com service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. ineedhits.com expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Notwithstanding any other provisions of these terms and conditions, where legislation implies any condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits us from excluding or modifying the application of, or our liability under, any such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included but our liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty to one or more of the following: (a) if the breach relates to goods, (i) the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods, (ii) the repair of such goods, (iii) the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods or (iv) the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired; and (b) if the breach relates to services, (i) the supplying of the services again or (ii) the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.a. Warranty Disclaimerineedhits.com shall not be responsible for URLs dropped or excluded for any reason.ineedhits.com does not represent, warrant, or guarantee that its customers URLs will achieve a favorable position, or any position. We cannot control or guarantee which, if any, search engines will accept the submission of your site. ineedhits.com shall not be responsible for delays or failure of performance resulting from internet service provider delivery problems or failure, or any communication or delivery problems associated with the customer's order details, such as incorrect email address or URL address.Please note that ineedhits.com Pty Ltd (a Google AdWords Qualified Company) is not directly affiliated with Google™. All Google™ related services, claims and guarantees are performed and underwritten by ineedhits.comb. Service Deliveryineedhits.com reserves the right to set a maximum registration process to the search engines of six to seven (6-7) working days deducting weekends (excluding Banner Advertising campaigns and Newsletter Advertising which are completed after the technical services and submission of your site). Due to any reasons beyond our control that causes your order not to be completed within the above maximum timeframe, either due to problem router systems, internet downtimes or extreme congestion, ineedhits.com reserves the right to complete the technical services of the orders within 30 working days time of successful charging of an order deducting weekends.ineedhits.com shall not be responsible for acts or causes beyond its control, including but not limited to: acts of God, strikes, lockouts, communications line or equipment failures, power failures, earthquakes, or other disasters.ineedhits.com does not warrant or represent that the use or the use of the materials available through the ineedhits.com service or from third parties will be correct, accurate, timely, reliable or otherwise.c. SecurityNotwithstanding the security precautions taken against disclosure of information, there are certain conditions that exist on the Internet generally which are outside ineedhits.com's control and could result in a breach of security. You hereby expressly waive any claim against ineedhits.com arising out of the loss of data through corruption, piracy, breach of security or for any other reason.d. IndemnityTo the maximum extent allowed by law, ineedhits.com and any of its parents, members, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers, licensors, officers, directors or employees shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages (no matter how they arose, including negligence), or for interrupted communications, lost data or lost profits, arising out of or in connection with the services. Further, ineedhits.com will not have any liability for any losses arising because its services are not operational or accessible. This section does not limit liability for bodily injury of a person. Some countries or states do not allow limitations on incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply in certain circumstances.e - i. G-Boost Money Back Guarantee
Upon request, ineedhits will issue a money back guarantee on the cost of the G-Boost initial month's service(s), if your top line domain is not included in Google within 48 hours of service completion.
If the G-Boost service is a part of a package, the refund will represent that services proportion of the package’s initial month’s cost. This guarantee "excludes" pages:
Where the submitted site is not the destination URL including 301, 302 and DNS redirects.
Without content which can be readily indexed by a search engine, including but not limited to sites which contain only images or flash content.
That rely heavily on content or links to content created for another web site, such as affiliate content.
Which result in a 404 error.
Which are secure such as https pages
Where the “robots.txt” file is set-up in a manner which disallows crawling by search engine spiders and web robots.
Where the website's content is predominantly a duplicated version of content found on other website/s.
If the website contravenes any other listing and SPAM guidelines as outlined by Google and/or Yahoo! and/or MSN.
On websites with adult (pornographic) material, as tests have shown that these types of sites on average face tougher scrutiny and can tend to exceed the 48 hour inclusion timeframe.Please contact us if you are unsure about any of the above exclusions. You must apply for the money back guarantee by contacting our team within 30 days of service completion. Applications made after this time period has elapsed will be considered invalid. Any rulings on the above terms of the G-Boost Money Back Guarantee made by ineedhits are final.* Note: The following guarantee does not apply to our G-Boost PRO service.e - ii. Y-Boost and M-Boost Money Back Guarantee
Upon request, ineedhits will issue a money back guarantee on the cost of the Y-Boost and/or M-Boost initial month's service(s), if your top line domain is not included in the "boost" specific search engine within 7 days of service completion.
If the Y-Boost and/or M-Boost service is a part of a package, the refund will represent that services proportion of the package’s initial month’s cost. This guarantee "excludes" pages:
Where the submitted site is not the destination URL including 301, 302 and DNS redirects.
Without content which can be readily indexed by a search engine, including but not limited to sites which contain only images or flash content.
That rely heavily on content or links to content created for another web site, such as affiliate content.
Which result in a 404 error.
Which are secure such as https pages
Where the “robots.txt” file is set-up in a manner which disallows crawling by search engine spiders and web robots.
Where the website's content is predominantly a duplicated version of content found on other website/s.
If the website contravenes any other listing and SPAM guidelines as outlined by Google and/or Yahoo! and/or MSN.
On websites with adult (pornographic) material, as tests have shown that these types of sites on average face tougher scrutiny and can tend to exceed the 7 day inclusion timeframe.Please contact us if you are unsure about any of the above exclusions. You must apply for the money back guarantee by contacting our team within 30 days of service completion. Applications made after this time period has elapsed will be considered invalid. Any rulings on the above terms of the Y-Boost and M-Boost Money Back Guarantee made by ineedhits are final.f. SEO Packages with Ranking Guarantees
Ranking guarantees may apply to the following ineedhits SEO packages
SEO-Bronze (6 Keywords)
SEO-Silver (10 Keywords)
SEO-Gold (20 keywords)
SEO-Platinum (50 keywords)
All ranking guarantees with respect to the above packages, as specified on the ineedhits website (www.ineedhits.com), are based on a minimum continuous service term of 6 months.
Any guarantees and product claims only apply if all suggested optimization changes are implemented correctly (as determined by ineedhits) on the web pages associated with the service as agreed upon at the time of order. If any changes are made to the content, meta tags or any other modification delivered by ineedhits as part of the SEO packages, this will impact ineedhits' ability to deliver the specified rankings and will therefore void all ranking guarantees.
Websites which fail to comply with the following guidelines are excluded from any ranking guarantees with respect to the SEO packages:
Where the submitted site is not the destination URL including 301, 302 and DNS redirects.
Without content which can be readily indexed by a search engine, including but not limited to sites which contain only images, frames or flash content.
That rely heavily on content or links to content created for another web site, such as affiliate content.
Which result in a 404 error or have frequent downtime.
Which are secure such as https pages
Where the “robots.txt” file is set-up in a manner which disallows crawling by search engine spiders and web robots.
Where the website's content is predominantly a duplicated version of content found on other website/s.
If the website contravenes any other listing and SPAM guidelines as outlined by Google and/or Yahoo! and/or MSN.
Websites which promote pharmaceutical, casino, gambling or adult content are also excluded from the ranking guarantee unless specified otherwise.
If a website qualifies for the ranking guarantee (based on the guidelines above) and ineedhits fails to have 50 percent of the agreed keywords listed within the top 20 search results on Google.com (including regional Google domains) after 6 months of continuous successful service, ineedhits will continue optimizing the website at no further cost until the specified rankings are achieved. This guarantee also covers any map based listings which can be integrated within Google's regular organic results.This guarantee will continue to apply for each consecutive month that billing continues after the 6 month mark. All times and dates are recorded in GMT time.
Once ranking commitments have been achieved, the agreed billing cycle will recommence. Any rulings on the above terms made by ineedhits are final.
g. G-Local Guaranteed Ranking GuaranteesThe following terms and conditions are applicable to the G-Local Ranking Guarantee:
All ranking guarantees with respect to the Google Local Guaranteed services, as specified on the ineedhits website (www.ineedhits.com), are based on a minimum continuous service term of 3 months.
The business must have a registered physical street address that can be verified by phone or from other external sources.
ineedhits technicians will examine your business to determine the most relevant business/service type to be used for the purposes of the ranking guarantee. These selections are final and have been chosen to deliver the highest quality traffic to your business.
The business associated with the service needs to rank on the first page of Google "Local Business Results" within the first 3 months of continuous service for the guarantee to be met. If "Local Business Results" contain less than 7 listings or are not shown for your business type, Google Maps may be used for the purpose of the guarantee.
If the service is cancelled your optimized listing in Google local will be removed.
If the following conditions have been met, the following money back guarantees are applicable:
100% Money Back - If we can not get your business included in Google "Local Business Listings" within 3 months.
50% Money Back - If we can not get your business listed on the first page of Google "Local Business Listings" within 3 months.
If a prepaid subscription has been purchased, pro-rata refunds will be issued based on the remaining length of the contract.
5. CopyrightCopyright in this web site (including text, graphics, logos, icons, sound recordings and software) is owned or licensed by us. Other than for the purposes of, and subject to the conditions prescribed under, the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) and similar legislation which applies in your location, and except as expressly authorized by these terms and conditions, you may not in any form or by any means:
adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of this Web site; or
commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this Web site without our written permission.Except where otherwise specified, any word or device to which is attached the ™, ® or © symbol is a registered trade mark.a. Use of Trade MarksIf you use any of our trade marks in reference to our activities, products or services, you must include a statement attributing that trade mark to us. You must not use any of our trade marks:
in or as the whole or part of your own trade marks;
in connection with activities, products or services which are not ours;
in a manner which may be confusing, misleading or deceptive;
in a manner that disparages us or our information, products or services (including this Web site).Unless we agree otherwise in writing, you are provided with access to this web site only for your personal use. You are authorized to print a copy of any information contained on this web site for your personal use, unless such printing is expressly prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not without our written permission on-sell information obtained from this Web site.This web site may contain links to other web sites ("linked web sites"). Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained.We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with linked web sites.Our links with linked web sites should not be construed as an endorsement, approval or recommendation by us of the owners or operators of those linked web sites, or of any information, graphics, materials, products or services referred to or contained on those linked Web sites, unless and to the extent stipulated to the contrary.
6. Privacy and ConfidentialityWe undertake to comply with the term of our privacy policy which is located here.
7. Reseller ArrangementsIf you have been introduced to ineedhits via a third party reseller, some information may be shared with these partners including you email, name and products purchased for reporting purposes. Billing and other contact information will remain confidential.When referring customers to ineedhits, you agree to the reseller terms and conditions which include the commission levels for referring legitimate customers to ineedhits. Examples of illegitimate customer referrals include but are not limited to:a) Any other orders in your own accountb) Other accounts which promote URL's which you ownineedhits reserves the right to rule if a customer is a legitimate referral. Upon your first sale, you agree to ineedhits automatically enrolling you in the ineedhits Co-Branded Affiliate Reseller Program.
8. AmendmentsWe reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. Amendments will be effective immediately upon notification on this web site. Your continued use of the Web site following such notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms and conditions as amended.
9. General ProvisionsAccess to this Web site may be terminated at any time by us without notice. Our disclaimer will nevertheless survive any such termination.These terms and conditions are governed by the laws in force in the State of Western Australia.To return to our home page click here By doing so, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept the above terms of use.***
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for industry news, useful tips & special offers.
Post to del.icio.us: terms and conditions  ineedhits terms and conditions
ineedhits order information  ineedhits services
Post to furl: terms and conditions  ineedhits terms and conditions
ineedhits information  ineedhits order information
Our Services
Submission & Listing
Search Engine Optimization
Pay Per Click Management
Local Business Marketing
Traffic Services
Free SEO Tools
Who We Are
About
Us
Meeting the Team
Press Releases
Reseller Program
Testimonials
Help & References
Help Center
Learning Center
FAQs
Glossary
Search Marketing Blog
Newsletter Sign-up
Account Area
Account
Login
Manage
Services
Order
History
Shopping Cart
Terms
& Conditions
Tag Cloud
Connect
SEO
search engine optimization   Local advertising
Targeted Traffic  search engine listing
Website traffic  SEO Tools  free seo tools
Search engine
marketing  SEO Services  google submission
Google adWords advertising  SEO Reseller
ineedhits, ineedhits.com, and their designs, logos, and related marks are trademarks
of ineedhits.com
© Copyright 1999 -2020
ineedhits.com Privacy
|
Security |
Site Map
INEEDHITS-WEB01