http://www.kkdiscount.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
About KKDS
New York Daily NewsPrivacy PolicyWinner of Best Shopping Website
Contact
Direction
Blog
Wholesale
FAQ
Affiliate Program
Facebook
RSS Syndication
Categories
Bamboo
Bamboo Skewers
Bamboo Steamers
Bath
Chinaware
Chopsticks
Chopsticks Rest
Training Chopsticks
Cups and Mugs
Electronics Accessories
Fans
Figurines
Home Furnishings
Housewares
Incense
Joss
Joss Candles
Kitchenware
Knives
Spoons
Massage
Melamine Dinnerware
Miscellaneous
Paper Lanterns
Personal Care
Pest Control
Restaurant Supplies
Take Out Containers
Sake
Sales
Series
Blue Carp Fish
Floral
Longevity
Lotus
Modern Blue Koi Fish
Nature
Rice Pattern
Two Tone Red Black
Sushi
Tea
Tea Accessories
Tea Pots and Sets
Toys and Games
Woks
Wok Accessories
Zodiac
Popular Brands
Chinese Japanese Longevity Lotus Nature Blue Carp Fish Blue Koi Fish Rice Pattern Two Tone Red Black Morning Star
See all brands
KKDiscount Accepts
Safe & Secure: No credit card info stored on our website
In Business Since 1990
Join us on Facebook for exclusive news and promotions!Order as much as you want for $9.99 shipping.
HomeAbout KKDSPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
K.K. Discount Store Privacy Policy Statement K. K. Discount Store has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.kkdiscount.com.
K. K. Discount Store occasionally will offer links to other sites. Please know that when you enter these other sites (using links on kkdiscount.com's site) you are entering a site for which KKDiscount.com has no responsibility. These links are provided in order to better round out your entertainment experience. However, we can not guarantee the same level of confidence at these sites. Please contact the web administrator of the individual third party sites if you have any comments or concerns.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review, used to improve the content of our web site, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We don't set any cookiesfor madcoolnetwork.com
Third Party Advertising
Occasionally, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Third Party CookiesIn the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding any feedback, questions, and/or orders that they have placed on-line.
When you surf the Internet, your Internet browser (such as Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer) automatically transmits some information to K. K. Discount Store every time you access content on one of our sites. Examples of such information include the URL of the Web page you were just on (known as the "Refer"), the IP (or Internet Protocol) address of the computer you are using, or the browser version you are using to access our site. All of this information is collected by K. K. Discount Store and is used to help improve our offerings to you. For instance, from this information we determined that very few of our customers use older browser versions. Because of this we recently decided to enhance the quality of content available to all of our customers by using the advanced features of HTML that cannot be accessed from those older browser versions. All of the information that is automatically submitted to us by your browser is considered Anonymous Information.
Other companies that place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising or content through the use of cookies. Due to the way the Internet technically operates, we cannot control this collection of information - but we can control which companies are allowed to place such advertising on our site. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us.
Support TeamK. K. Discount Store
KKDiscount.com Accepts
Terms and Conditions
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 1990 - 2020 K. K. Discount Store Inc.
Sitemap |
Privacy PolicyYou can also shop at our New York City retail store located at 78 Mulberry Street. New York, NY 10013