http://www.erequester.com/privacy?hsLang=en
Privacy policy
Last update on May 6, 2019
Fraxion is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the (i) Fraxion® website (www.Fraxion.biz); (referred to herein as the “Web Site”). By accessing the Web Site, you are consenting to our Privacy Policy, including the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.
The Web Site is owned and operated by Fraxion, (“Fraxion”) Fraxion reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the Web Site will be subject to the most current version of the Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
Collecting your personal information
You may browse the Web Site without submitting any personally identifiable information (“personal information”) at all. We will collect personal information if you choose to fill out and submit one of our contact forms. The kinds of information we collect from you will vary, depending on how you use the Web Site. For example, to access our online Fraxion demo, we require that you register with First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Phone (optional), Role and Financial Software.
You also have the option of providing information regarding your interest in Fraxion and whether you would like a representative to contact you. In addition, on other areas of the Web Sites, there are forms and links for you to submit some standard information to us, and when you do, we will collect the standard information, including your Name, Email Address, Company, Address and Telephone Number.
To protect your personal information, all information that you provide is collected and stored on a secure server and is accessible only by designated staff. In addition to the information you choose to submit, our systems are set up to gather certain data to help us better understand how our site is being used and how to improve the Web Site for your convenience. This automatically gathered data includes your computer's IP or “Internet Protocol” address, the date you accessed the Web Sites, statistics about how visitors navigate through the Web Site, the pages that you access while at the Web Site. This information is used to help improve the Web Sites, analyze trends, and administer the Web Site.
All personal information, company information and contact information is treated as confidential and proprietary and is not shared outside Fraxion. We use the information to provide the service(s) you request. This includes using the personal information to review the indicated issues and solutions and/or provide information about products and services of Fraxion and its partners, if requested by you.
From time to time, Fraxion may wish to send you updates or newsletters with topics of interest to our client base. We may occasionally notify you of new services and special offers via e-mail updates. If you would rather not receive any updates from us, please send a request to be removed from our Email update list use the unsubscribe link.
Fraxion may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Fraxion or the Websites; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Fraxion and its Websites; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Fraxion employees or agents, users of Fraxion products or services, or members of the public.
Personal information collected on the Web Site is stored and processed in the United States, and by using the Web Site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Fraxion abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control of your personal information
Except as otherwise described in this statement, personal information you provide on the Web Sites will not be shared outside of Fraxion and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your permission. Fraxion is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
Please be aware that this privacy statement and any choices you make on the Web Site will not necessarily apply to personal information you may have provided to Fraxion in the context of other, separately operated, Fraxion products or services.
You can review and edit the personal information collected at this Site by sending e-mail to info@Fraxion.biz or via postal mail at the following address:
Fraxion Privacy Policy, 3131 Elliott Ave, Seattle, WA 98121 USA
Links to other web sites
The Web Site may contain links to other web sites. Please be aware that this privacy statement applies solely to the information collected on the Web Site defined above. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites. We encourage you to be aware when you are leaving the Web Site and read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit before providing any personal information.
Changes to this privacy statement
We may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the privacy statement. We encourage you to review this privacy statement each time you access the Web Site to make sure you stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued access and use of the Web Site constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
Aristotle maintained the sharp distinction between science and the practical knowledge of artisans, treating theoretical
Jane Doe
DESIGNER
Aristotle maintained the sharp distinction between science and the practical knowledge of artisans, treating theoretical
Jane Doe
DESIGNER
Aristotle maintained the sharp distinction between science and the practical knowledge of artisans, treating theoretical
Jane Doe
DESIGNER
FILL THE FORM
Want to work with us?