https://www.kesemtechnology.com/privacy-policy/
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy:
When accessing the www.kesemtechnology.com website, Kesem Technology will learn certain
information about you during your visit.
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called ‘cookies’ (see explanation below) and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail and telephone. This also applies when you register for our website, sign up through any of our forms using your email address or make a purchase on this site. For further information see the email policies below.
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers.
Kesem Technology will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
We are committed to keeping your email address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal information to any third-party individual, government agency, or company at any time unless strictly compelled to do so by law.
We will use your email address solely to provide timely information about Kesem Technology.
We will maintain the information you send via email in accordance with applicable federal law.
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all emails sent from our organization will clearly state who the email is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all email messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further email communication from us..
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners by reading the unsubscribe instructions located at the bottom of any email they receive from us at any time.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email.
www.kesemtechnology.com may contain links to many other websites. Kesem Technology cannot guarantee the accuracy of information found at any linked site. Links to or from external sites not owned or controlled by Kesem Technology do not constitute an endorsement by Kesem Technology or any of its employees of the sponsors of these sites or the products or information presented therein.
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
All copyrights, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights in and on our website and all content and software located on the site shall remain the sole property of Kesem Technology or its licensors. The use of our trademarks, content and intellectual property is forbidden without the express written consent from Kesem Technology.
Republish material from our website without prior written consent.
Sell or rent material from our website.
Reproduce, duplicate, create derivative, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for any purpose.
Redistribute any content from our website, including on another website.
You agree to use our website only for lawful purposes, and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website. Prohibited behavior includes harassing or causing distress or inconvenience to any other user, transmitting obscene or offensive content or disrupting the normal flow of dialogue within our website.
You must not use our website to send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use the content on our website for any marketing related purpose without our express written consent.
We may in the future need to restrict access to parts (or all) of our website and reserve full rights to do so. If at any point, we provide you with a username and password for you to access restricted areas of our website, you must ensure that both your username and password are kept confidential.
In accordance with the FTC guidelines concerning the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising, please be aware of the following:
Testimonials that appear on this site are actually received via text, audio or video submission. They are individual experiences, reflecting real life experiences of those who have used our products and/or services in some way. They are individual results, and results vary. We do not claim that they are typical results. The testimonials are not necessarily representative of all of those who will use our products and/or services.
The testimonials displayed in any form on this site (text, audio, video or other) are reproduced verbatim, except for correction of grammatical or typing errors. Some may have been shortened. In other words, not the whole message received by the testimonial writer is displayed when it seems too lengthy or not the whole statement seems relevant for the general public.
Kesem Technology is not responsible for any of the opinions or comments posted on www.kesemtechnology.com. Kesem Technology is not a forum for testimonials, however, provides testimonials as a means for customers to share their experiences with one another. To protect against abuse, all testimonials appear after they have been reviewed by management of Kesem Technology. Kesem Technology does not share the opinions, views or commentary of any testimonials on www.kesemtechnology.com – the opinions are strictly the views of the testimonial source.
The testimonials are never intended to make claims that our products and/or services can be used to diagnose, treat, cure, mitigate or prevent any disease. Any such claims, implicit or explicit, in any shape or form, have not been clinically tested or evaluated.
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL. Credit card information and other sensitive information is never transmitted via email.
Kesem Technology may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, Kesem Technology uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Kesem Technology makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the content contained on this website or any sites linked to this site.
All the materials on this site are provided ‘as is’ without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall Kesem Technology or its agents or associates be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, injury or death) arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials, even if Kesem Technology has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. However, please be assured that if the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this privacy policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this privacy policy, without your prior consent.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
GDPR requires that personal data from the EEA is subject to special protection. GDPR also provides EU-based individuals with certain individual rights with respect to their personal information. We will make all reasonable efforts to abide by GDPR and provide at least the same level of data protection for personal data received and processed from the EU as the privacy protections set forth in our privacy policy. We will also make reasonable attempts to accommodate requests by Data Subjects to exercise GDPR rights. Where necessary and appropriate, we have implemented organizational and technical measures that include internal data protection policies and maintaining documentation on our processing activities.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, or your dealings with our website, please contact us here:
www.kesemtechnology.com
Kesem Technology
4938 Hampden Ln. Suite 429
Bethesda, MD 20814
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"In the past 2 years kesem has helped keep our systems and data secure. In addition to ongoing managed support, they helped us move offices and kept our technology meeting our needs as we grow. They are experienced, stable and do what they say they will do."
Denise Clark
Clark Law Group
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"I highly recommend Kesem Technology and Marty Block for any (and all) IT needs for business owners of any sizes. Their knowledge, expertise and service are second to none"
Mark Luterman
Mark Luterman Enterprises
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"Marty runs Kesem like the family store, worrying about every detail and making sure everything is done right. Highest recommendation!"
Bob Fertik
Democrats.com
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"I count on Kesem Technology for all of Lewin & Lewin's IT needs – they are extremely reliable, personable and have the expertise needed to do the job."
Lynda Prior
Lewin & Lewin
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"We were a victim of ransomware. The techs at Kesem came to our rescue. Our system is now safely up and running!"
Bruce Marine
Cherub Antiques Gallery
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"I appreciate the knowledge, skill, patience and friendly service of the Kesem staff. When it comes to IT you can't go wrong with Kesem."
Law Firm Office Mgr
Dc
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"The Kesem team is promptly available for questions and very easy to work with. We look forward to continuing our relationship with Kesem and working to provide exceptional service to our members."
Kendra Johnson
American Student Dental Association
Enterprises who trust Kesem Technology
"Kesem is an outstanding IT team that I trust to handle my organization’s mission-critical needs. After nearly a decade of working with Marty, I trust and rely on him more with each interaction."
Mike Triangle
CHPA
READ ALL TESTIMONIALS
Ready to Get Started?
See how Kesem Technology works in a personalized demo for you.