http://www.ascendtech.us/terms.aspx
Home |
My Account |
Sign in
|
View Cart |
Order Status |
Contact |
Help |
Terms of Sale
Systems |
Notebooks |
Servers |
Shop by Brand |
Shop by Category
Advanced Search
Browse by Category
Accessories
Assembly Parts
Batteries
Cables & Adapters
Cases & Racks
Clearance Sale
Controller Cards
Cooling Solutions
Data Storage & Drives
Desktop Computers
Input Devices
Laptops & Tablets
Memory
Mobile Charging Carts
Monitors & Screens
Motherboards
Multimedia & Electronics
Networking
Power Management
Power Supplies
Printers & Scanners
Processors ( Cpu )
Projectors
Servers
Service
Software
Sound Cards
Speakers
Video Cards
Wholesale Bulk Lots
Terms and Conditions
Copyright
Trademarks
Making Purchases
Pricing and Typographical Errors
Order Acceptance Policy
International Orders
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
Payment Methods
Shipping Policy
Sales Taxes
Return Policy
Fraud Protection
Privacy Policy
Security Guarantee
Your use of the Ascendtech.us web site is governed by
the policies, terms, and conditions set forth below.
Please read the following information carefully. By
using this Site or submitting an order for products or
services, you indicate your acceptance of, and agreement
to be bound by, the terms and conditions set forth
below. If you do not agree to these terms and
conditions, please do not use this Site and please do
not submit any orders for products or services.
These terms and conditions may be changed by
Ascendtech.us, in the future. It is your responsibility
as a user to periodically return to this page to review
the terms and conditions for amendments. The amended
terms shall take effect automatically the day they are
posted on the site. Your continued use of the
Ascendtech.us web site following any amendments will
constitute agreement to such amendments. These Terms of
Service were last revised on September 3, 2003.
Copyright
©2015 Ascendtech.us - Ascendtech, Inc. All rights reserved.
All content included on this site, such as text,
graphics, logos, button icons, images and audio clips,
and the compilation of this content are the property of
Ascendtech.us or its content suppliers and protected by
U.S. and international copyright laws. The content on
this site may be used as a shopping resource. Any other
use, including the reproduction, modification,
distribution, transmission, republication, display or
performance, of the content on this site is strictly
prohibited
Return to the Top
Trademarks
Ascendtech.us and the Ascendtech.us Logo are service
marks of Ascendtech.us - AscendTech, Inc. in the United
States and other countries. Ascendtech.us's service
marks may not be used in connection with any product or
service that is not provided by Ascendtech.us, in any
manner that is likely to cause confusion among
customers, or in any manner that disparages or
discredits Ascendtech.us.
All other trademarks and registered trademarks
displayed on the site are the trademarks of their
respective owners, and are not intended to imply any
endorsement or affiliation between Ascendtech.us and
these companies.
Return to the Top
Making Purchases
If you wish to license or make purchases of products
or services described on Ascendtech.us site, you will be
asked to supply certain information, including but not
limited to credit card or other payment information. You
agree that all information that you provide to
Ascendtech.us will be accurate, complete and current.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by authorized
users of your account and credit card or other payment
mechanism at the prices in effect when such charges are
incurred. You will also be responsible for paying any
applicable taxes, and shipping and handling charges
relating to your purchases.
Return to the Top
Pricing and Typographical Errors
Due to the fast pace of the computer and consumer
products industries, all prices are subject to change
without notice. We make every effort to provide you the
most accurate, up-to-the-minute information. Despite our
best efforts, a small number of the items on our web
site may be mis-priced.
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect
price due to typographical, photographic, or technical
error or error in pricing information received from our
suppliers, Ascendtech.us shall have the right to refuse
or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the
incorrect price.
If an item's correct price is lower than our
stated price, we will charge the lower amount and
ship you the item.
If an item's correct price is higher than our
stated price, we will cancel your order and notify
you of the price error and order cancellation. You
will, of course, have an opportunity to purchase the
item at the correct price, if you so wish.
While we make every attempt to verify prices before
charging your credit card, Ascendtech.us shall have the
right to refuse or cancel any orders placed on
mis-priced product whether or not the order has been
confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit
card has already been charged for the purchase and your
order is canceled, Ascendtech.us shall immediately issue
a credit to your credit card account in the amount of
the incorrect price.
Due to higher costs of maintaining inventory in our
retail store location (Cleveland, OH) prices may be
higher for over-the-counter purchases. The selling
prices on the Ascendtech.us web site are intended only
for online and mail-order purchases. Online and
mail-order purchases must be shipped directly to the
customer.
Return to the Top
Order Acceptance Policy
The advertisement of any product on this site does
not constitute an offer to sell. Your order or your
receipt of an electronic or other form of order
confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your
order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer
to sell. Ascendtech.us reserves the right at any time
after receipt of your order to accept or decline your
order. Ascendtech.us reserves the right at any time
after receipt of your order, without prior notice to
you, to substitute any item ordered with different brand
/ model product with equal or greater value.
Ascendtech.us reserves the right at any time after
receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, supply less than the quantity you ordered of any
item in accordance with our order limitation policy.
All orders placed must obtain pre-approval with an
acceptable method of payment, as established by our
credit department. We may require additional
verifications or information before shipping any order.
Please allow 12-48 hours for order processing for
address verification.
Ascendtech.us reserved the right to cancel without
liability any order by reason of any cause or causes
beyond its control as aforesaid. Ascendtech.us reserves
the right in its sole discretion to allocate among
customers or potential customers, or defer or delay the
shipment of any product which is in short supply.
Return to the Top
International Orders
Please fax to (440) 946-1101 or email to
service@ascendtech.com for quotation. Please include the
following information in your email or fax:
Manufacturer's part number for the product
Your Shipping Method
Your Shipping Address
We will email or fax you a copy of your quotation within
24 hours after we receive your complete inquiry.
We will only accept wire transfer in advance.
Customer is responsible for all border duties and fees.
Return to the Top
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
All of Ascendtech.us's products are guaranteed
against defects for 30 days from the date of the invoice
unless stated otherwise. All items under manufacturer's
warranty must be registered and serviced through their
warranty agreements. Ascendtech.us carries a mixture of
new, used, surplus, and recertified products. Certain items listed may be OEM, Bulk, White Box or Retail based product. Typically the "OEM", "BULK" and "White Box"
versions do not have the colorful retail packaging. "OEM", "BULK" and "White Box" versions usually include all necessary driver software or it is available for download
from the manufacturer's Web site. They may not include the bundled games and/or other software and/or cabling and add-on equipment or adapters that the "Retail" versions have.
"Retail" versions of products at Ascendtech.us usually are described as "Retail" or "Boxed" in the product description. If you are not clear as to whether the item you are
purchasing is OEM, Bulk, White Box or retail based product, we ask that you do not make assumptions. Please contact our customer service department which will gladly advise
you whether the item you are purchasing is OEM, Bulk, White Box or retail based product.
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS SOLD ON THE ASCENDTECH.US SITE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED
HEREIN, ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS
SOLD ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY ARISING FROM ANY PRODUCT SOLD ON THE ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US SITE SHALL BE THE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT ORDERED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RELATED TO PRODUCT SOLD.
THE ASCENDTECH.US WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS THEREIN ARE PROVIDED "AS IS".
ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE
ASCENDTECH.US SITE, ITS OPERATION, CONTENTS, INFORMATION, MATERIALS OR YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE.
ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE OR ITS USE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU AGREE THAT ASCENDTECH, INC. ALSO KNOWN AS ASCENDTECH.US,
ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING
FROM THE OPERATION, CONTENT OR USE OF THE ASCENDTECH.US SITE. YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS
COMPREHENSIVE AND APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT,
COMPENSATORY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. YOU AGREE NO CLASS ACTION, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR JOINDER OR CONSOLIDATION OF ANY CLAIM WITH A CLAIM OF ANOTHER PERSON OR CLASS OF CLAIMANTS SHALL BE ALLOWABLE.
This agreement shall be construed under and in accordance with the laws of the state of Ohio, and all obligations of the Parties created in
this Agreement are performable in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States of America.
Extended Warranties are offered on certain products by Ascendtech. If the customer chooses to purchase the extended warranty they must do so within 30 days of
placing their order. Extended warranties are not offered after the original warranty has expired, which means that customer must register for extended warranty within
30 days of placing their order. For more information on purchasing extended warranty please contact the customer service department by email at
service@ascendtech.com Customer acknowledges that he or she has read the
disclaimers and understands the same and agrees
to be bound by its terms and conditions.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site and please do not submit any orders for products or services.
Return to the Top
Payment Methods
Credit Cards - We accept all major credit cards
including, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and
Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit
card to make purchases with Ascendtech.us Please be sure
to provide your exact billing address and telephone
number (the address and phone number your credit card
bank has on file for you). Incorrect information may
cause a delay in processing your order.
Money Orders, Cashier's Checks, Company Checks, &
Personal Checks - Ascendtech.us accepts money orders,
cashier's checks, personal checks, and company checks
only by mail, and only in U.S. Dollars. Orders are
processed upon receipt and approval of a personal and
company check at our offices. For money orders or
cashier's checks, please allow up to 5 banking days
after receipt for clearance of funds before the order is
processed. Ascendtech.us cannot guarantee the
availability of a product by the time funds clear or
payment is received. We will charge a $25 fee on all
returned checks. Please see the full instructions below
on how to pay using one of these methods.
Return to the Top
Shipping Policy
Ascendtech.us operates an automated warehouse and
distribution center to ensure that your order ships
quickly and accurately. Ascendtech.us does not process and/or ship orders on
Saturday, Sunday or Holidays. Due to shipper restrictions we
cannot deliver to P.O. Boxes. All Shipments are subject
to stock availability. Ascendtech.us's shipping and
handling charges are based on total weight, and are
calculated as determined by freight carriers servicing
Ascendtech.us. Ascendtech.us does not guarantee
estimated ship times included on the Ascendtech.us site,
nor does Ascendtech.us guarantee any claims made by any
carrier. While we do our best to have all express shipments shipped the same day, please allow up to 48 hours for order processing.
Free Shipping Policy - If an item is advertised with free shipping on Ascendtech.us website, free shipping applies only to the 48 continental states. Canada, APO, FPO, HI, AK, PR, and all other International shipments do not come with free shipping. For exact shipping quote please contact the sales department.APO and FPO Shipments - Ascendtech.us is pleased to
offer service to customers with APO and FPO addresses.
All products are shipped via the U.S. Postal Service and
must meet Postal Regulations for maximum weight,
dimension, etc. Please contact our Sales Department for
assistance.
All products are shipped at customer's risk, and
Ascendtech.us's responsibility for damage to products
ceases when the products are delivered to the carrier,
to customer or to customer's agent at Ascendtech.us's
facility, whichever occurs earlier.
Title to the products sold hereunder will be deemed
to pass to customer upon delivery. Customer agrees,
however, that Ascendtech.us retains a purchase money
security interest in all products sold by Ascendtech.us
to customer, and to all Ascendtech.us products now or
hereafter acquired by customer and to any proceeds
thereof, until the purchase price have been paid in
full. Customer agrees to execute any financing
statements or other documents as Ascendtech.us may
request in order to protect Ascendtech.us's security
interest.
Upon any default by customer hereunder, Ascendtech.us
shall have all rights and remedies of a secured party
under the Uniform Commercial Code, which rights and
remedies shall be cumulative and not exclusive. In the
event of customer's default in payment for the products,
customer shall be responsible for all reasonable costs
and expenses incurred by Ascendtech.us in collection of
any sums owing by customer. Such reasonable costs and
expenses shall include, but not be limited to,
reasonable attorney's fees, collection fees and court
costs.
Ascendtech.us shall not be liable for any failure or
delay in the performance of orders or contracts, or in
the delivery or shipments of products, or for any
damages suffered by customer by reason of such failure
or delay, when such failure is, directly or indirectly
caused by, or in any manner arises from fires, floods,
accidents, riots, acts of God, war, governmental
interference or embargoes, strikes, labor difficulties,
shortage of labor, fuel, power, materials, supplies or
transportation, delays in deliveries by Ascendtech.us's
suppliers or any other cause or causes (whether or not
similar in nature to any of those herein before
specified) beyond its control.
Return to the Top
Sales Taxes
Ascendtech.us shall automatically charge and withhold
the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to
addresses within Ohio, unless the customer is tax exempt
and provides the required tax exempt information to
Ascendtech.us before ordering. Each customer shall be
solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes,
on orders shipped to any other state. Current Ohio sales
tax rate is 7.00%.
Return to the Top
Return Policy
To return merchandise for credit or replacement, you
need to obtain a Return Merchant Authorization number
(RMA#). All returns must be in original packaging
condition (product boxes, manuals, software, etc.) and
require an RMA#. Packages without an RMA# will not be
accepted. Returned shipments to Ascendtech.us with
missing accessories, components, software, documentation
or damaged product packaging boxes will not be
processed. To obtain your RMA# please email
support@ascendtech.com you may also contact
Customer Support at 216-458-1101 for any questions or assistance. Please note RMA# can only be issued through email; we do not issue RMA# over the phone.
Returns must be received by Ascendtech.us within 30
days of the original invoice date. In the event of limited stock,
replacement products may not be available immediately.
It is the client’s responsibility to arrange return shipping at their own expense back to Ascendtech.us return center. Ascendtech.us is not liable for any return shipping costs.
We recommend that our customers use a popular shipping
method such as UPS, Fedex or the U.S. Postal
Service with good packaging (original packing preferred)
and full insurance paid. The RMA# number that was issued
to you should be clearly written on the top of the box
and not covered by any labels.
All sales are final, absolutely no refunds on video
gaming products (consoles, games, accessories, cables,
etc.), software, recordable media, digital cameras, camcorders, printers, printer
paper and accessories, ink and toner cartridges, car
audio/video equipment, home audio/video equipment,
mobile electronics equipment. If a customer orders a monitor, notebook, laptop, netboook, ultrabook, tablet or any device with an lcd or led panel which arrives with dead pixels, Ascendtech.us will only offer a replacement or refund for 6 or more dead pixels only unless stated otherwise. Notebooks, laptops, netbooks, ultrabooks, tablets which are sold as off lease used may show normal wear and tear scratches; may contain up to 6 dead pixels and the battery life span is unknown and is not guaranteed to hold a charge. If extended warranty is purchased for any off lease device such as but not limited to laptop, notebook, netbook, ultrabook or tablet the extended warranty shall only cover labor cost. Replacement parts on off lease used devices shall not be covered under extended warranty options. If customer purchases an extended warranty for parts orders or desktop computer orders the extended warranty shall cover both labor and replacement parts for as long as the extended warranty had been purchased for starting from invoice date. If the customer decides to cancel their order whether the order has been shipped or still being processed, Ascendtech.us shall have the right to charge 20% order cancellation fee. All related fees (shipping & return shipping fees) are NON-REFUNDABLE for all products in all cases. Shipments that are refused without authorization, or that are returned to us because the address was invalid, are subject to a restocking fee of 20% plus applicable shipping and handling fees. If a customer returns an order which was already shipped and was advertised with free shipping and/or shipping was included in the price; Ascendtech.us shall have the right to charge the customer for any shipping fee's incurred in shipping the item to the customer.
All return shipments should be sent to:
Ascendtech RMA Department
4772 East 355th St.
Willoughby Ohio 44094
RMA#: __________________
Ascendtech.us shall either repair or replace
defective products during the warranty period provided
that Ascendtech.us found the product to be defective.
Ascendtech.us reserves the right to replace defective
product with different brand.
Note: Before you ship the product(s) to
Ascendtech.us, back up the data on the hard-disk
drive(s) and any other storage device(s) in the
product(s). Remove any removable media, such as
diskettes or CDs. Ascendtech.us does not accept
liability for lost data or software. If you have any
questions, please call 216-458-1104 for technical
assistance or email
support@ascendtech.com.
Return to the Top
Fraud Protection
Ascendtech.us has designed its online store to give you
options concerning the privacy of your credit card
information, name, address, e-mail and any other
information you provide us. Ascendtech.us is committed
to data security with respect to information collected
on our site. In addition to the industry standard
security measures available through your browser called
SSL encryption, we have made a practice to call
customers in the event of potential problem with your
purchase. Also, you may always contact a sales
representative over the telephone in case you don't want
to provide your credit card information online please
feel free to call our toll free sales line at
866-340-0111.
For protection of our Customers, we ship only to the
verified billing address or authorized shipping address
registered with the Customer's credit card issuer.
Authorized shipping address can be obtained upon contact
of the credit card issuer. Credit cart issuer registers
alternative (shipping) address upon customer's
authorization in addition to existing billing address
for internet deliveries. Please call if you have any
questions.
To register an alternative address (not the same as
billing - for example your office or relative's place of
residence), call the toll-free number on the back of
your credit card for further assistance.
Return to the Top
Privacy Policy
At Ascendtech.us we are committed to protecting your
privacy online. Our Privacy Policy demonstrates our firm
commitment to protecting the privacy of our customers.
We use the information that we collect about our
customers to fulfill product and service purchases and
to create a more personalized online experience.
When you shop at Ascendtech.us, we collect
transactional information, or Personally Identifiable
Information, from you such as your name, telephone
number, e-mail address, billing address, shipping
address, credit card or other payment information and a
password. Ascendtech.us does not sell or rent your
transactional information to others. Ascendtech.us uses
customer information only for the purposes of filling
orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their
order status, sending promotional information, and
enhancing the user experience.
Ascendtech.us will occasionally offer special
contests and promotions. Notification of such contests and promotions are normally sent through the mail or by email. When you enter a contest or
other promotion, we may ask you for additional information
in order to administer the contest, notify winners and make the winners' list
publicly available pursuant to certain states' laws.
Your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of
this information is a condition of your participation.
At Ascendtech.us you can be assured that your
transactional information is secure, consistent with
current industry standard SSL encryption technology. The
importance of security for all transactional information
associated with our customers is of utmost concern to
us. Our secure servers protect the information using
state of the art firewall technology. All customer
transactional account information is kept on a secure
server.
Return to the Top
Security Guarantee
Ascendtech.us guarantees that every transaction that
you make with us through our web site will be 100% safe.
This means that you pay nothing if unauthorized charges
are made to your card as a result of shopping at
Ascendtech.us.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card,
you must notify your credit card provider in accordance
with its reporting rules and procedures.
We feel confident in making this guarantee because
our secure server software (SSL) is the industry
standard and among the best software available today for
secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your
personal data including credit card number, name, and
address, so that it cannot be read as the information
travels over the Internet. You can tell when you are
protected by encryption - the lock or key at the bottom
of your browser changes color or is no longer broken. To
use this option, you must have a browser that supports
SSL (ex. Microsoft Internet Explorer, AOL, or Netscape
Navigator).
In addition to our encryption standards, your
Ascendtech.us account information is password protected
so that you and only you have access to this personal
information. Please do not disclose this password to
anyone. Also, remember to close your browser window when
your transaction is complete as this will keep your
account safe if you use your computer in a public place
like an office or library. Ascendtech.us can not be held
responsible if you disclose your account password to
other individuals.
Return to the Top
Featured Brands
The request is currently being processed.
Please do not navigate to another page during this process.
Thank you for your patience.
Cancel request
Home |
My Account |
Sign in
|
View Cart |
Order Status |
Contact |
Help |
Terms of Sale
Terms of Use,
Copyright,
and
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Ascendtech Inc. All Rights Reserved.