https://www.widest.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
At Widest.com we understand how serious you are about protecting your private information. We’re serious about it, safeguarding your information too. To help you understand our privacy policies better, we’ve chosen to explain it below in plain English. That way, you can feel comfortable that we are just as dedicated to your privacy as we are to ours.
The bottom line is that any information we collect from you remains completely private unless you give us permission to give it to another website. We do not knowingly collect private information from children, and we don’t sell your information to any other websites for any reason. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via email by using the form on the Contact page.
Our computers collect non-personally identifiable data (your IP address, how often you visit our site, which pages you visit, etc.) each time you visit Widest.com. We use this information to make the site better and easier to use.
We do not collect or hold any booking information, or payment details. We will only collect personally identifiable data (your name, email address, phone number, etc.) on forms YOU complete. This information might be used for promotions, specials, or to contact you when you have a question. YOU are in complete control of what personally identifiable information you give us.
Use of Collected Information
We will never sell your information to anyone else, including other websites or spammers. However, if we have another company help us perform some function of our website, we will give them only the information needed to perform the function, and they are prohibited from using the information in any other way.
Also, we might share your non-personally identifiable data with third party advertisers – that’s folks who want to advertise on our website in order to offer you products and services that you might like. We may run automated advertising scripts on our website. These scripts may show you ads based on your non-personally identifiable data which is collected as you interact with Widest.com.
We may disclose personal information if we are required to by law or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to
a) conform to the requirements of the law,
b) comply with a legal process served on our Company or the website, and
c) protect and/or defend our Company, website, employees, and users.
Children
Widest.com does not knowingly collect any information from children.
Cookies
Cookies are a standard Internet technology, a small text file that is put on your hard drive by the server that hosts a web page. Cookies cannot be used to gain control of your computer or to put a virus on your computer. No one else can read our cookies, and we only use them to improve the quality of our service to you. Your Internet browser was probably originally set up to accept cookies, but you can always reset it to refuse them or to ask you each time a site tries to put one on your computer. You can also delete cookies from your browser at any time. Please note, if you don’t let us install our cookie on your computer, you can still use the Widest.com website, but some parts of it might not work correctly.
Acquisition
If Widest.com is sold merged with another company in the future, your information might be transferred to the new company.
Security
Widest.com is highly committed to the security of your computer system as we are to your privacy. We use various types of standard Internet security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. For example, our website is secured with a SSL certificate.
Only authorised persons can access our systems and emails. Like most other websites, we use an external but highly secure system to manage our mailing lists. If you have subscribed to our mailing list or provided your contact details to us via form, you can be assured that these details are held securely, where a password is needed to access and process the information.
Changes in Privacy Policy
Widest.com might choose to update our privacy policy occasionally. If we do, we will post a notice on the website so you can review any changes and how they might affect you. Also, please review this page from time to time to make sure you haven’t missed any such notices.
By continuing to use Widest.com, you are agreeing to this privacy policy and any updates we make to it.
Effective Date
This Privacy Statement is effective as of February 1, 2016. We have reviewed and made changes to fully comply with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Follow Widest
GET WIDEST BY EMAIL
By clicking Subscribe, you are subscribing to receive newsletters from Widest.com. Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Top Offers
Teddy Ruxpin Innovative Storytime and Magical Bear
$199.99
Check It Out
Star Wars Coffee Press R2D2 Limited Edition 4 Cup
Check It Out
Yuneec Typhoon H Collision Avoidance Hexacopter Drone
Check It Out
Skull Shaver Pitbull Gold Shaver Review
Check It Out
Best In Travel
Top 10 Tourist-Friendly Places To Visit in Africa
10 Beautiful Countries With A Few Local Miseries
10 Best Countries in the World for Solo Travel
7 Attractions in India That Will Leave You Spellbound
Best Sellers
15 Medical Bedside Toilet
15 Beautiful Makeup Table and Stool Vanity Sets
20 Best Selling Portable Ice Makers
12 Best Selling Drones For Travel and Aerial Photography
GIFT IDEASWidest range of gift ideas
for any occasionBest Gift Ideas
GIFTS FOR HIMAmazing gift ideas for him
for any occasionGifts For Him
GIFTS FOR HERBeautiful gift ideas for her
for any occasionGifts For Her
GIFTS FOR KIDSWidest selection of
gift ideas for kidsKids’ Gifts
TECH GIFTSCool gadgets, devices
and tech giftsTech Gift Ideas
TRAVEL GIFTSTravel gifts for travellers
and jetsettersTravel Gift Ideas
HOME AND OFFICEGift ideas for the
home and officeOffice and Home Gifts
THINGS TO WEARWearables gift ideas
for any occasionWearables Gifts
DEALSHot deals and offers
on amazing productsBest Deals
BEST SELLERSBestselling gift ideas
for all occasionsBest Sellers
HOTELSCompare hotel prices
for best hotel dealsCompare Hotels
SHOPWidest Selection
of Cool products
To Buy NowShopping
TRAVEL BLOGTravel guides and tips
on places to visitVisit Travel Blog
THINGS TO DOTop attractions to visit
around the worldTop Attractions
PLACESMost amazing places
to visit before you dieAmazing Places
TRAVEL GUIDESTravel tips for top cities
and destinationsTop Destinations
Sections
Home
Gifts
Best Sellers
Deals
Lifestyle
Tech
Travel
Blog
Widest
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Submit A Post
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions