http://www.araxis.com/legal
Company
Contact
Buy
Search
Privacy, Cookies and Legal Notices
Privacy
Where necessary, Araxis may expressly request personally identifiable information from you (e.g. on our contact form). We endeavour to keep this information securely. We do not share it with third parties, with two exceptions: (i) information submitted using the Japanese-language version of the Araxis Merge evaluation serial number request form is sent to our Japanese distributor, AG-Tech Corp; (ii) information pertaining to orders placed through our online order form is processed by our US reseller, BMT Micro, Inc..
We always make it clear when we are collecting personally identifiable information, and we explain how we intend to use it.
This website records standard server logs that include IP addresses. We use this information to monitor traffic and for managing the operation of this website. We do not use log information to track the activities of personally identifiable visitors.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer by your web browser at the request of the websites you visit. Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. To find out more, consult your browser’s help.
Google Analytics cookies
Araxis uses Google Analytics to help us better understand our visitors and how they use our site. Google Analytics uses a first-party cookie to help us:
distinguish between unique anonymous visitors;
record how content is being accessed;
This first-party cookie stores non-personally identifiable information and is not shared across different website domains.
We also use the Google Analytics for Display Advertisers feature. This uses a third-party Google DoubleClick cookie to:
provide us with demographic information about our visitors, including age, gender, and interests;
enable us to deliver content on other websites via Google AdWords that is targeted to the interests of our visitors.
For more information about the DoubleClick cookie, visit the Google Advertising Privacy FAQ. To manage your settings for this cookie and opt-out of this feature, visit the Google Ads Settings page.
These Google cookies do not give us information about personally identifiable individuals, and we do not attempt to correlate the information Google provides to us with the personal information supplied to us through other means (e.g. through our contact form).
For more information about the Analytics and Advertising cookies used on this site, please see the Types of cookies used by Google. Google also provides a web browser add-on if you wish to opt-out from Google Analytics.
Araxis session cookies
When you use the forms on Araxis websites (e.g. to contact us or manage your product serial numbers), we use a temporary session cookie to keep track of your interaction with us. The session cookie does not collect personal data about website visitors and is deleted when you close your browser.
Legal notices
This website and its contents are Copyright © 1993–2020 Araxis Ltd. All rights reserved.
Linking to this site
You are welcome to link to this site. We recommend linking to the main website home page, or any product home page.
Terms of trade for online sales
Sales made via our online order form are handled entirely by our US reseller, BMT Micro, Inc.. Please see BMT Micro’s website for their terms and conditions of trade.
Trademarks
Araxis® is a trademark of Araxis Ltd, registered in the US and other countries. The Araxis Logo, Ketura, Find Duplicate Files, Folder Size Explorer, Replace In Files, Merge, Araxis Merge, Merge 2015 and Merge 2016 are trademarks of Araxis Ltd.
Apple, Mac, macOS, OS X and Safari are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple, Inc. Microsoft, Internet Explorer, SQL Server, Windows, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft® Corporation. Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.