http://www.troi.com/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Troi Automatisering. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Troi Automatisering
Troi Automatisering (“Troi”) is the owner of the troi.com websites (collectively “troi.com” in this document) which refer to sites hosted under the domain troi.com, and other related domains and subdomains thereof.
Troi may employ other companies (“Providers“) to enable our services. This may be for example operating our online shop and hosting our news mailing list.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Troi or a company that Troi uses to provide its services. Troi and its providers may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services and content. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have. Troi will not sell personal information to third parties.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Troi may collect and how we may use it.
What personal information we collect
When you register your products, purchase a product, download a software trial or an update, download a solution, participate in a forum, register for a webinar or other event, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and credit card information.
How we use your personal information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Troi’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our services, content, and advertising. We also run a mailing list (by MailChimp) for which you can subscribe. If you no longer want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by clicking the “Unsubscribe” option, updating your preferences or by contacting Troi Customer Support.
We also use personal information to help us develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for anti-fraud purposes.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Troi, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing and research to improve Troi’s products, services, and customer communications.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, troi.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. troi.com’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how troi.com’s visitors use its website.
troi.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. troi.com does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information.
Aggregated Statistics
troi.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, troi.com may reveal how many downloads a particular version got, or say which plug-ins are most popular. However, troi.com does not disclose personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. troi.com uses cookies to help troi.com identify and track visitors, their usage of troi.com, and their website access preferences. troi.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers can disable this in their cookie settings for troi.com, with the drawback that certain features of troi.com’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Click here to change your cookie settings for troi.com
Privacy Questions
If you have questions or concerns about Troi’s Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us via the contact page on our web site.
Troi may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Last updated: May 22, 2018
Providers
Currently Troi uses these providers to enable our services and sell our products:
FastSpring for sales via our online shop  ( Privacy Policy and Terms)
MailChimp for hosting our news mailing list (Privacy Policy and Terms)
Google for providing web site analytics (Privacy Policy and  Terms )
We reserve the right to add or change our providers when needed.
Troi Automatisering
Brinkstraat 33
4033 CW  Lienden
The Netherlands
© 2020 Troi Automatisering | Privacy Policy | Change cookie settings
HOME
PRODUCTS
ACTIVATOR
DIALOG
ENCRYPTOR
FILE
SERIAL
TEXT
URL
SHOP
SUPPORT
ONLINE HELP
FAQS
COMPATIBILITY
INSTALLATION
TROI
ABOUT US
PRIVACY POLICY
NEWS
SUBSCRIBE
CONTACT
We are using cookies to improve our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping us to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes