http://www.demographix.com/who-we-are/privacy-policy.aspx
Online Technology for Research & Insight
Menu
Go to content
Who we are
About Demographix
Who's Who
Our Values
Credentials
Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Respondents Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
What we do
Our Technology & Services
Online Surveys
Analysis Tools
Panel Management Tools
Bespoke Solutions
Managed Services
Who We Work With
Why us
How We're Different
Boost Team Productivity
Slash Hidden Costs
Improve Data Quality
Customise To Fit You
Training
Testimonials
What it costs
Our Costing Options
Pay As You Go
Annual Subscriptions
Managed Services
Get a Quote
Take a look
See For Yourself
Example Surveys
Example Reports
Example Custom Reports
Login
×
Username
PasswordCASE SENSITIVE
forgotten your password?
Contact Us
Resources
Search:
Search
Privacy Policy
OVERVIEW
This Site is made available by Demographix Limited of 57 Chestnut Road, London, SE27 9EZ, United Kingdom — referred to in this statement as "we" or "us". Our UK company registration number is 4358487.You may contact us by using our online Contact Form with the words "ENQUIRY FROM PRIVACY POLICY" in the "Nature of your enquiry?" field.We are committed to protecting your privacy and this statement summarises what personal details we may collect from you before, during or after you use our Site and what we will do with them. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
During your visit to our Site, we will only collect personal information that you choose to provide. For example, if you: contact us with an enquiry; register on the Site; sign up for a trial account; request us to provide you with further information; post information to one of our sample surveys or take advantage of a promotion. You can choose to have further information sent to you about Demographix services we think may interest you by opting-in to our mailing list on the page where you submit your personal information. If you no longer wish your personal details to be used this way, please let us know.
When you complete a contact form we will use your email address and telephone number for the sole purpose of administering your query and responding to you. We will not publish your name or contact details on our Site.
We may also use your information to enhance your visit to our Site and to create a general demographic profile of visitors. However, once your session ends (approximately 20 minutes after leaving the site or upon closing all instances of your web browser), the data will only be used in a collated form and we will not be able to identify you personally from such data.
We will endeavour to ensure that the personal information you submit to us is kept both private and secure. We will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose the personal information you provide to us through the Site to any third parties unless we are required to do so by law. If you wish us to remove your personal details from our marketing database at any time, please contact us.
SAMPLE SURVEYS
The sample surveys on our Site, and the data collected by them, are publicly accessible. Any information that you post to the sample surveys might be viewable and used by others and could result in unsolicited messages or other contact from third parties. You are advised to use caution when posting personal information about yourself in the sample surveys.
COOKIES
We may use "cookies" to help us enhance your visit, recognise you on any return visits you make to our Site and to make any registration or other procedures easier for you. Cookies are small pieces of information, which will be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. The cookies used by us will not give us any personal details about you. If you do not wish cookies to be stored on your browser follow these instructions:
Internet Explorer: Open the Tools menu and click Internet Options. Choose the Privacy tab and move the slider to high level of privacy. Click on the Default button if you do not see the slider.
Firefox: Open the Edit menu and choose Preferences. In the Advanced category, choose Cookies. Click the radio button Disable all cookies.
Chrome: Click the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar. Select Settings. Click Show advanced settings. In the "Privacy" section, click the Content settings button. In the "Cookies" section, change the setting to Block Cookies By Default.
Safari: Click the Safari settings menu on the browser toolbar. Select Preferences then click on the Privacy tab. Change “Block cookies” to Always.
Other browsers: Refer to the relevant help menu looking under cookies, privacy or security.
REVIEW AND CORRECTION OF INFORMATION
If you are concerned that the personal information Demographix keeps about you is incorrect, please contact us and we will update or remove it accordingly. We may continue to retain your information due to technical and legal requirements, constraints related to security, integrity and operation of our Site, or to resolve disputes.
GDPR INFORMATION REQUESTS
GDPR personal data requests for information held by Demographix should be sent using our Contact Form with the words "ATTENTION OF THE DATA PROTECTION OFFICER" in the "Nature of your enquiry?" field.
For the purposes of GDPR enquiries with reference to our customers, Demographix is the Data Processor, and so is unable to disclose whether any personal data is held by its customers (the Data Controllers), and will refer you to seek clarification directly with them.
OTHER LEGAL NOTICES
There may be other legal notices on areas of this Site which relate to your use of those specific areas.
CHANGES TO THIS LEGAL NOTICE
We may amend this legal notice from time to time.
SEVERABILITY
Each section of this privacy policy constitutes a separate and independent provision. If any of the provisions of this privacy policy are judged by any court of authority of any jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and any matter relating to this Site will be governed by English law and the English courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in respect of them.
This Privacy Policy was last reviewed and revised on 19 June 2019.
For a PDF copy of this document click here (PDF 176KB)
Our Security Policy
Security is paramount for our business. And for yours. We take all possible steps to ensure that all online transactions between your survey respondents and our servers are fully secure.
View our Security Policy
Share this page:
Share this page on Twitter
Share this page on Facebook
Share this page on LinkedIn
Who We Are
About Demographix
Who's Who
Our Values
Credentials
Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Respondents Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Useful Links
What's New
Latest Newsletter
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Online Surveys
Managed Services
Panel Management
Bespoke Solutions
Website and survey technology © Demographix Ltd.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
follow us:
Follow us on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
See us on LinkedIn