http://www.tec-it.com/en/website/legalconditions/Default.aspx
Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAccess and usage of TEC-IT Websites is governed by the following legal conditions (as of November 2020).
Terms Of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Privacy Policy for Mobile Apps |
Trademarks
Terms of UseGeneral
As a user of the TEC-IT Website (that are all domains listed below*, including subdomains), I represent to TEC-IT (that is "TEC-IT Datenverarbeitung GmbH, A-4400 Steyr") that my access is on my own behalf (or my own business enterprise) or on behalf of my employer and that I am authorized and empowered to make (online) orders and agreements. I agree that the word "Content", as used in this Agreement refers to any materials, documents, images, trademarks, graphics, logos, design, interactive features (e. g. online bar codes...), download files, bitmap files and any other information or data provided from or on TEC-IT Websites.
*Domains:
tec-it.com,
tec-it.co.at,
tec-it.at,
tec-it.eu,
tbarcode.com,
tformer.com,
2d-barcode-software.com,
barcode-access.com,
barcode-excel.com,
barcode-word.com,
access-barcode.com,
excel-barcode.com,
word-barcode.com,
barcodes-office.com,
barcode-office.com,
office-barcode.com,
office-barcodes.com,
openoffice-barcode.com,
barcode-openoffice.com,
openoffice-barcodes.com,
barcodes-openoffice.com,
eventboarding.com
Purpose
TEC-IT maintains its Website Content for general marketing and public information purposes.
No contract or binding obligation of TEC-IT of any kind may be implied, assumed or made - regardless of the existence of any order forms or interactive features contained in any TEC-IT Website - until an authorized and empowered representative of TEC-IT reviews and accepts, in writing, any proposal, offer, order or other information submitted via a TEC-IT Website. TEC-IT reserves the right to and may reject any information, orders, suggestions, comments (or other information) submitted via any TEC-IT Website.  No Permissions
TEC-IT provides its Website Content for informational purposes to its customers and prospective buyers. Except as otherwise noted, no license is granted to anyone to use or exploit any Content of the Websites until you contact TEC-IT in writing and use such Content only in accordance with a written agreement with TEC-IT. If you use or exploit any TEC-IT Content without the agreement of TEC-IT, you agree to be responsible for all claims, costs, losses, expenses, damages and liabilities incurred by TEC-IT as a result of your actions or omissions.  Disclaimer
TEC-IT does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any of the information, Content or advertisements contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from any of the services contained on TEC-IT's Websites, nor the quality of any products, information or other materials displayed, purchased, or obtained by you as a result of an advertisement or any other information or offer in or in connection with the products and content. You hereby acknowledge that any reliance upon any materials or content shall be at your sole risk. TEC-IT reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to make improvements to, or correct any error or omissions in any portion of the Service or the Materials.
TEC-IT has no obligation to be sure that the Content of its Website is accurate or complete, up-to-date or current, free from technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, free from changes caused by any third party or that access to the TEC-IT Website will be free from interruptions, errors, computer viruses or other harmful components. You understand that TEC-IT may (but has no obligation in the absence of governmental regulatory requirements) to change, withdraw, improve or otherwise modify its Website Content at any time without any notice to you.  No Warranties
Web Site Content is provided by TEC-IT "AS-IS" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. TEC-IT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR APPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT OR ANY MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL TEC-IT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT OR ANY MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS. This includes but is not limited to loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the Content of a TEC-IT Website, even if a TEC-IT representative has been advised of the possibility of your damages.  Hyperlinks
TEC-IT may provide hyperlinks to other internet web sites maintained by third parties or may provide third party content on TEC-IT Website. The content in any such linked sites is not under TEC-IT control and TEC-IT is not responsible for the content of those sites (including any further links in another site). If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to a TEC-IT Website, you do so entirely at your own risk (TEC-IT isn't responsible for any items of a destructive nature on the linked internet websites such as computer viruses, etc). By providing a link, TEC-IT does not necessarily endorse a third party or its website.  Linked Internet Sites
If you wish to provide a link to a TEC-IT Website, you may not use or replicate TEC-IT Content (but you have informed us and have got a written permission by TEC-IT); you agree not to create a browser, border environment or frame for TEC-IT Content; you are not allowed to imply that TEC-IT is endorsing you or your products or services; you may not misrepresent your relationship with TEC-IT; you may not present false information about TEC-IT products or services. If you violate these promises, you agree to be responsible for all claims, costs, losses, expenses, damages and liabilities associated with such acts or omissions and indemnify and hold TEC-IT harmless and you agree to remove any link to TEC-IT immediately upon the request of TEC-IT.  Legal Compliance, Copyrights
TEC-IT claims the copyright interest for the Content and compilation of all TEC-IT Websites. You agree that you will not violate the copyright in your access and use of any TEC-IT Website and that you will indemnify and hold TEC-IT harmless.
Copyright - TEC-IT Datenverarbeitung GmbH, 2001-2019 Privacy Privacy Policy
The protection of your personal data is of special concern to us, therefore we process your data exclusively based on the legal regulations. In this privacy statement we inform you about the most important aspects of data processing within the framework of our website, apps, add-ins, "Software as a Service" applications (in short SaaS) and our web-shop.
Purpose and Legal Basis
Data processing is based on the statutory provisions of § 96 (3) TKG and Art. 6 para. 1 lit a (consent) and / or lit b (necessary for fulfillment of the contract) of the GDPR.
The data provided by you is required to fulfill the contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures (such as the download of demo versions of our software). Without this data, we cannot conclude a contract with you.
Your Rights
You are entitled to information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, revocation and opposition. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your privacy claims have otherwise been violated in any way, you can contact the relevant supervisory authority (Data Protection Authority
https://www.dsb.gv.at ) for a complaint.
Contact
Your contact person regarding this Privacy Policy is
Mr Guenter Kriegl
TEC-IT Datenverarbeitung GmbH,
Hans-Wagner-Str. 6, A-4400 Steyr
t: [+43] (0)7252 / 72 720, e: office@tec-it.com
You may exercise all rights by e-mail, personal contact, by postal mail or via the contact form. In order to ensure that we only respond to legitimate affected persons, we reserve the right to verify your identity.
Data Storage
Personal information we collect may include:
Personal or business contact information (such as name, company name, physical address, email address, instant messenger and social media handles, telephone or fax numbers)
Personal or business contact information of others to whom we are asked to send information
Username and credentials for accessing our website and SaaS applications and services
Social media content and other data posted on our official social media sites or otherwise on the internet, and data (such as email address and other information you allow to be shared) that we receive through social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins (including third-party login services such as "Login via Facebook").
Payment transaction details (such as invoicing address) as well as financial information (such as bank account numbers) excluding payment card details.
Tax identification number
Other personal information provided to us in connection with the purchase of a product or service on a voluntary basis
IP address when accessing our online sites and add-ins
Data Transmission
Personal data will not be transmitted to third parties, with the exception of the transmission
of the account and payment card data (including email, address, city/state/zip) to the banking / payment service providers for the settlement of payments and the collection,
to the transport companies / shipping companies we use to deliver goods or data carriers,
to our tax advisor to fulfill our tax obligations,
to our legal advisor for clarification of legal issues,
for sending newsletters (see below),
for the analysis of the website (see below),
to the document shredder commissioned by us.
Storage Duration
We store the collected data for different lengths of time according to need and application. In general, all data from contractual relationships are kept until expiry of the retention period relating to commercial or tax law (7 years). In addition, it applies that
all data from contracts for software licenses with unlimited validity (lifetime licenses) can be stored permanently
all data published on social media channels and / or on our web site can be stored permanently
all contract data for SaaS applications may be stored for the duration of the contract or, if technically supported, until the data is deleted by the contractor itself
Data of persons with whom there is no contractual relationship can be stored for three years to process the request and in case of follow-up and liability issues
Newsletter
You can subscribe to our newsletter via our website. For this, we need your e-mail address and your declaration that you agree with the subscription to the newsletter. In order to provide you with targeted information, we also collect and process voluntary information about your interests.
The following information is intended to inform you about the registration, shipping and evaluation procedures as well as your right of objection. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to the receipt and the procedures described.
The newsletter is distributed via MailChimp, a newsletter shipping platform of The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308 USA. The e-mail addresses of our Newsletter recipients, as well as their other information described herein, are stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf.
We have concluded a data processing agreement with MailChimp under which MailChimp pledges to protect the data of our users, to process it in accordance with its privacy policy on our behalf and, in particular, not to disclose it to third parties. The MailChimp privacy policy apply as well as the MailChimp Privacy Policy.
The duration of data storage is until canceled.
You can terminate the receipt of our newsletter at any time i.e. revoke your consent. At the same time, your consent to sending it via MailChimp and the statistical analyses will lapse. Use the cancelation link at the end of each newsletter or contact us.
Cookies
TEC-IT Websites are using cookies. A cookie is a small file, which is stored by the web-server on your computer/hard drive. Cookies cannot be used to execute programs or to spread viruses. Cookies are assigned to a specific user of a TEC-IT Website. One of the major reasons for using cookies is to improve the usability of Websites and to save time. The user of TEC-IT web pages has the option to accept or reject cookies. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. However, browsers can be set by the user to only allow cookies from certain web pages. If the user decides to reject cookies from TEC-IT web pages, it may happen that the use of TEC-IT web pages is not or only partially possible. Certain cookies are used to identify a browser session (session cookies) and are deleted from your hard disk after the browser has been closed.
Log files
Every time you access our website, usage data is transmitted by the browser and stored in so-called server log files. The data sets that are stored contain the following data: date and time of retrieval, name of page accessed, IP address, referrer URL (origin URL from which you were redirected to our website), the amount of data transferred, product and version information of the used browser.
Subject to any legal retention requirements, users' IP addresses will be deleted after the end of use, at the latest after 30 days.
We occasionally evaluate these log file records anonymously in order to improve our web presence or to find and correct errors. In addition, we can also detect and fix any errors in our web services faster by analyzing the log files.
Google Analytics
Web Analytics Service
This website uses the "Google Analytics" service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to analyze users' website usage. The relationship with the web analytics service provider is based on the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for transfers of online advertising and measurement personal data out of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland.
IP Anonymization
This site uses IP anonymization. Your IP address will therefore be shortened by Google before further use within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area and thus used only anonymously. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there.
On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide us with other services related to website activity and internet usage.
The (shortened) IP address provided by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google.
Cookies
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files stored on your computer that allow us to analyze the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually sent to a server from Google in the US and stored there.
For more information on how to handle user data on Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Browser Plugin
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You may also prevent the collection of the cookie-generated and website-related information (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser add-on from the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Opt Out
As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile devices, please click this link to prevent future collection of your data by Google Analytics (the opt-out only works in the browser and only for this domain). Therefor an opt-out cookie is stored on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.
Google Ads
We use Google Ads, an online advertising program from Google. Google Ads uses cookies to analyze the use of the website. A cookie is set when you visit our website through a Google ad. Cookies of this type lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If you visit certain webpages of our website and the cookie has not expired yet, Google and we may recognize that you clicked on the ad and were redirected to this page. You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly (see Web Analysis).
Each Google Ads customer receives a different cookie. Cookies can not be tracked through Ads advertisers' websites. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for Ads advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Advertisers will see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive any information that personally identifies Internet users. Internet users who do not want to participate in tracking can deactivate the Google Conversion Tracking cookie through the settings of the Internet browser used. These internet users will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
Google reCAPTCHA
To prevent spam and abuse, we use the service "Google reCAPTCHA" (Version 3) of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google") on our websites. This function is primarily used to distinguish whether an entry (e.g. in a contact form) is made by a natural person or is abused by automated processing. For this reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor on the basis of different characteristics (duration of stay, mouse movements...). The service includes the transmission of the IP address and possibly further data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google.
The reCAPTCHA analyses start with entering the website and run completely in the background, website visitors are not informed separately. Data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting his web offers from abusive automated spying and from SPAM.
Additional information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/recaptcha and https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Microsoft Advertising
This website uses the Conversion-Tracking Technology “Microsoft Advertising” of Microsoft Corporation. For this purpose, a cookie is placed on your computer if you visited our website via Bing or Yahoo. By means of this small text file, information about the use of our website (i.e. the pages you visit) is stored by Microsoft Advertising for 180 days and then deleted. This information includes, but is not limited to, the URL of the page visited, the URL of the referrer page, and your IP address. However, we do not obtain any information by which users can be identified personally.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking, you may object to this usage by easily deactivating the Microsoft Advertising conversion tracking cookie via your internet browser and your user settings. Using the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out page http://www. networkadvertising.org/choices/ you can check which of the participating pages set cookies in your browser and disable them. You can access Microsoft's privacy policy for the data collected by following this link: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement/.
Use of Social Media Plugins
We use a video viewing plugin operated by YouTube (LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, www.youtube.com). By clicking on Accept in the cookie banner of our websites (or in the video), you consent to the processing of data by the social network operator (YouTube). Only after consenting a connection is established from your browser to YouTube and data transferred to the operator of the social network. The consent remains stored in your browser via cookies.
The social network receives information about your visit to our websites via the plugin. If you are logged in to YouTube, your visit can be assigned to your social network account. Any interactions with the plugin can be saved by the network operator. Information about the use of the data collected by the social network can be found on the company's website (YouTube.com) in the "Privacy Policy" section: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  Postings and Submits
Unless you have a prior written agreement with TEC-IT that your information should be treated as confidential you agree to the following:
All information posted on or transmitted to TEC-IT Websites including, data, material, code snippets, samples, requests, comments and suggestions can be used by TEC-IT for any purpose. By sending TEC-IT any information or material, you grant TEC-IT an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials and information. You also agree that TEC-IT is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send to TEC-IT for any purpose without any obligation to you.
Android/iOSPrivacy Policy for Mobile Apps
TEC-IT's apps are designed to record data only to the minimum required extent and to protect the user's privacy. Our apps do not use in-app advertising
and process data exclusively to fulfill the apps intended purpose. With the exception of anonymized crash statistics TEC-IT does not access, store or otherwise process the data which is available to an app. Data processed by an app will not be disclosed or shared with other users or third parties.
Points of Special Interest:
Key Logging
Some of our Android apps (especially Barcode/NFC Scanner Keyboard, GetBlue and BluePiano) are intended (or can be configured to operate) as an alternative input method. On Android, an alternative input method replaces the standard soft-keyboard with another one and thus has the theoretical possibility to log all keystrokes. This is the reason why the Android system displays a warning when such an alternative input method is enabled by the user. This warning does not automatically imply that the app in question will log the keystrokes or exposes you to any risks and vulnerabilities.
In short: TEC-IT apps do not log, store or disclose user input.
Credentials
Some TEC-IT apps can be configured to access online services (like Google Docs or Google Sheets) to store or retrieve information. In order to access such online services the user needs to enter his credentials. The credentials are stored on the device and are used by the app exclusively for the purpose of accessing the specified online service.
In short: TEC-IT apps use credentials only for the intended purpose.
If your device gets lost or stolen you should be aware that this exposes you to risks and vulnerabilities. In such a case, we recommend you to change your credentials for the involved online services as soon as possible.
Device Information
For volume or bulk-licensing purposes, special versions of our apps (available for download exclusively on tec-it.com) can be licensed via TEC-IT's activation server. For each single activation, this activation server records date/time, masked IP address and a hashed device ID (one of device serial number, Android ID (Android), Identifier for Vendor (iOS), IMEI). This information is treated confidential and kept private by TEC-IT.
In short: For bulk licensing purposes, TEC-IT records masked and/or hashed device information.
Geolocations
When you enable location services in our mobile apps (e.g. Scan-IT to Office), the app uses GPS or another similar technology to determine your current location. The app uses this information only for the intended purpose, the data is not used for any other purpose or shared with anyone else.
In short: TEC-IT apps use geolocation data only for the intended purpose.
Sensor Data
Some of our apps provide data collection features using sensors (e.g. NFC or devices connected via Bluetooth). The app uses this information exclusively to fulfill its intended purpose, the data is not used for any other purpose or shared with anyone else.
In short: TEC-IT apps use sensor data only for the intended purpose.
Crash Statistics
To improve and monitor performance and stability, some of our apps use Google Firebase (https://firebase.google.com/) for collecting crash statistics. This information is anonymized and does not contain personal or user information.
In short: TEC-IT does not collect app data beyond crash and performance statistics.
General
Please check out the general terms, they apply in each case. If there are any questions or requests please contact us. TrademarksTrademark Information
AIX®, AS/400®, OS/400® and PowerPC® are registered trademarks of IBM Corporation.
AMD® and Opteron® are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Android™, Google Play™, Google Docs™ and Google Sheets™ are trademarks of Google Inc.
Apple®, App Store®, Mac®, Mac OS®, macOS®, OS X®, iPhone®, iPad®, iOS®, Leopard® and Tiger® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Arduino is a trademark of Arduino AG.
Avery® and all Avery brands, product names and codes are trademarks of Avery Dennison Corporation.
BarSIMM® is a registered trademark of JetMobile, France.
Debian is a registered trademark of Software In The Public Interest, Inc.
The mark FreeBSD is a registered trademark of The FreeBSD Foundation.
HTML, DHTML, XML, XHTML are trademarks or registered trademarks of W3C, World Wide Web Consortium, Laboratory for Computer Science NE43-358, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 545 Technology Square, Cambridge, MA 02139.
HP-UX and PA-RISC are a registered trademarks of Hewlett-Packard Company.
ImageMagick® is a registered trademark of ImageMagick Studio LLC, P.O. Box 40, Landenberg, PA 19350, United States.
Intel® and Itanium® are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation.
JAVA® is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, CA 94303 USA.
JavaScript® is a trademark of Oracle Corporation in the United States. It is used under license for technology invented and implemented by Netscape Communications and current entities such as the Mozilla Foundation.
Linux® is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.
Microsoft®, Windows®, Microsoft® Word, Microsoft Excel®, Microsoft InfoPath®, Microsoft SharePoint®, Visual Studio®, Visual Basic®, Visual C++®, ActiveX® are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Navision® is a registered trademark of Microsoft Business Solutions ApS in the United States and/or other countries.
Oracle® is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation.
PCL® is a registered trademark of the Hewlett-Packard Company.
PostScript® is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems Inc.
QR Code® is a registered trademark of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED in
the United States and other countries.
Raspberry Pi is a trademark of the Raspberry Pi Foundation.
Red Hat® is a registered trademark of Red Hat, Inc.
SAP, SAP Logo, Crystal Reports, R/2, R/3, ABAP, BAPI, NetWeaver, mySAP.com, SAPscript, Duet are trademarks or registered trademarks of SAP AG in Germany (and in several other countries).
SCO® and SCO OpenServer® are registered trademarks of The SCO Group, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Solaris® is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
SPARC® is registered trademark of SPARC International, Inc.
SUSE® is registered trademark of SUSE AG, a Novell business.
UNIX® is a registered trademark of The Open Group.
Unicode® is a trademark of Unicode Inc.
UPS® and UPS 2nd Day Air® are registered trademarks of United Parcel Service of America, Inc.
All other products mentioned are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. If any trademark on our website is not marked as trademark (or registered trademark), we ask you to send us a short message, contact us.