http://www.cosmoscommunications.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
About Cosmos
Printing
Direct Mail
Contact
Get A Quote
Account
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
11-05 44th Drive
Long Island City, NY 11101
1.800.223.5751
printme@cosmoscommunications.com
Cosmos Communications, Printing, Signage, and Direct Mail
Cosmos has been providing printing and marketing services since 1933. We are a dedicated, friendly team of expert craftspeople ready to help businesses of any size stand out with outstanding printing, signage, and direct mail.
Stay in touch with us:
Corporate
About Us
Marena Cosmos Digital Agency
IMPGO Marketing Automation Technology
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Support
My Account
Design Services
Contact Us
Printing
Offset Printing
Digital Printing
Signage Printing
Carton & Packaging Printing
Covid-19 Floor Decals and Office Posters
Direct Mail
Quality Printing
Mailing Services
HIPPA Compliant
Email & Digital Marketing
Connect With Us
Stay up to date with us on social media
All rights reserved Cosmos Communications, Inc 2020. See our privacy policy here.
Select your project type
Single Page
Multi Page
Continue
1/5
Single Page Specs
Finished size*(in inches)
Quantity*
Number of Pages
Self Cover
Would you like this to be folded?
Continue
2/5
Additional Options
Stock*
Glossy
Matte
Not sure yet
Color and Sides*
Color both sides
Color print one side
Color over b/w
Other
Artwork
Will provide print ready files
Need some help
Looking for a designer
Turnaround*
24 hours
48 hours
5-7 days (Standard)
Embossing
Spot UV
Overall UV
Die-cutting
Debossing
Custom Hang Tag Strings
Soft Touch
Mailing Services (Direct Mail)
Gold Foil
Variable Data Printing
Rounded Corners
Continue
3/5
Additional Instructions
Continue
4/5
Your Contact Information
Yes, its ok to send me printing news and offers
Submit Quote
5/5