https://www.pulsesecure.net/legal/legal-notices/
Pulse Secure - Legal Notices
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Pulse Secure, LLC in the State of California, USA. As such, the laws of the State of California will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without reference to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and to these disclaimers, terms, and conditions at any time.
Compliance with Applicable Laws and Export Control Laws
Use of this Web site is governed by all applicable federal, state, and local laws. All information available on this site is subject to U.S. export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside.
All Pulse Secure, LLC products and publications are commercial in nature. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the United States Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in DFARS 252.227-7015 and FAR 52.227-19.
Copyright
All content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the property of Pulse Secure, LLC or its content suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Pulse Secure, LLC and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property Pulse Secure, LLC or its software suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as a resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Disclaimer
This site is provided by Pulse Secure, LLC on an "as is" basis. Pulse Secure, LLC makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. Pulse Secure, LLC, to the full extent permissible by applicable law, disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Pulse Secure, LLC will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental punitive, and consequential damages.
Trademarks
Pulse Secure, and the Pulse Secure logo are registered trademarks of Pulse Secure, LLC in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Pulse Secure assumes no responsibility for any inaccuracies in this document. Pulse Secure reserves the right to change, modify, transfer, or otherwise revise this publication without notice.
Trademark-Usage Guidelines
The following Trademark and Logo Usage Guidelines govern the use of all Pulse Secure trademarks, service marks, and logos (hereinafter, the "Marks"). If Pulse Secure grants you permission, you may use the marks solely in accordance with these Guidelines. Pulse Secure reserves the right to revise these Guidelines from time to time, without notice.
Requests For Use
The Marks are found at https://www.pulsesecure.net/news-events/press-kit/, and may change from time to time. The Marks are available for use upon approval by Pulse Secure. In some cases, a party may negotiate use of the Marks as part of a broader agreement. In these cases, the party need not submit the Usage Request Form.
If you are submitting a form to use a Pulse Secure mark, please submit a completed Usage Request Form to info@pulsesecure.net.
Applications will be approved or denied in the sole discretion of Pulse Secure. Notification of approval will only be valid if in writing (email or hard copy) from Pulse Secure.
If approved, only the Marks listed on the Trademark Usage Request Form may be used by an applicant, and the Marks may be used only for the purpose stated in the approved Trademark Usage Request Form. Any other desired use requires a separate grant of permission.
Proper Usage
The Marks are intellectual property and therefore are considered assets of the corporation. To ensure the Marks are neither diluted nor infringed, your use of the Marks are conditioned on your adherence to the following rules:
Always use a Mark as an adjective.
Always use the proper trademark symbol in superscript or subscript. If superscripts and subscripts are unavailable, use parentheses: (TM) or (R).
Do not hyphenate, misspell, abbreviate or pluralize a Mark.
Do not use a Mark in a manner that can reasonably be construed to imply either an affiliation with or an endorsement by Pulse Secure, without the express written permission of Pulse Secure.
Do not adapt, alter, or modify in any way any Mark.
Do not use the Marks in a manner that is likely to dilute, defame, disparage or harm the reputation of Pulse Secure, its products, partners, vendors, customers, employees or affiliates.
Do not display the Mark on any site that disparages Pulse Secure or its products or services, infringes any Pulse Secure intellectual property or other rights, or violates any state, federal, or international law.
Pulse Secure reserves the right to require you to resize, move, or remove the marks for any reason whatsoever.
Proprietary Notices
Each document or other piece of material (e.g., marketing materials, white papers, advertisements, press releases, brochures, invoices, and web pages) that uses a Mark must display a proprietary notice in the following form: "___________ is a [registered] trademark of Pulse Secure, LLC in the United States and other countries."
Watch Video
Free Trial
Demo