http://www.bitsculptor.com/privacy.asp
You are here: Home > Privacy
Websites
Graphic Design
Photography
Weddings
Portraits
Commercial
Design
Development
Web Hosting
Features
Plans
Microsoft Exchange Hosting
Email Help
Photography
Consulting
Search Engine Marketing
BitBlog
BitScoop Comic
Quote Request
Our Privacy Policy
BitSculptor has created a privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
Purpose
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our web sites.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site, and to help identify you and your shopping cart. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information, and for other purposes such as fraud prevention and detection.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and visits.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), financial information (like their bank account or credit card numbers), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases and provide information about you and your company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. If you opt-out we will be unable to provide support or provide critical information regarding billing and services.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications for registration, and to bill the user for products and services.
Unique identifiers (such as an email address) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site for internal reports.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address).
Contact information from the surveys is used to send information about your company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
The sites provided by us or hosted by us may contain links to other sites. BitSculptor is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
We have partnerships and agreements with specific vendors of products we sell. As part of the licensing agreement for these products we may be required to provide information about who is licensing the product for monthly billing purposes or other purposes. These products advise you that you are registering the product with the outside vendor or author. BitSculptor is not responsible for the privacy practices of our partners, suppliers and outside vendors.
Public Forums
This site may from time to time make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Law Enforcement
We cooperate fully with any and all law enforcement agencies providing them with any information requested as required by law.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us. If you choose to opt-out from all emails we may no longer be able to provide service as contacting you via email is a critical part of our services.
In order to opt out please contact us.
Data Quality/Access
Please contact us for changing and modifying information previously provided:
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
Call Us
(707) 263-5241
From Our Clients
We've gotten so many compliments on how "professional" it is
and we have been able to send music execs and potential managers to the website with confidence. Read more...
Kristy Weiss
Lost Boys Band
Privacy | Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.