http://www.m-techlaptops.com/shoponline/pc/How-does-M-Tech-help-you-save-money-d7.htm
Home
Products
Specials
Affiliates
Support
Checkout
Financing
Contact Us
Stay Connected:
The cart is empty.
Cart contains {{shoppingcart.totalQuantity}}
Item(s) Total:
{{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
{{shoppingcart.total}}
{{shoppingcartitem.description}}
Qty. {{shoppingcartitem.quantity}}
{{productoption.name}}
View Cart {{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}
Item(s)
Register/Login
Checkout
Contact Us
Contact Us
Browse by Category
Laptop Computers
10.1" Screen Size
7" Screen Size
8" Screen Size
11.6" Screen Size
13.3" Screen Size
14" Screen Size
15.6" Screen Size
16.1" Screen Size
17.3" Screen Size
4K LCD Laptops
New or revised
Law Enforcement, Compu...
Speech Recognition
Engineering CAD/CAM La...
Entry Level CAD/Engine...
Workstation High Perfo...
Begginer Gaming Entry...
Gaming Laptops
High Gamut IPS Laptops
Laptop computer for ph...
Industrial Manufacturi...
Home/Student Laptops
Laptops for Lawyer or...
Stock Traders Investor...
Medical Laptops
Portable Slim Lightwei...
Semi Rugged laptop com...
Touch Screen computers
Tablet PCs
Desktop Computers
Add-Ons and Accessorie...
(Optional) External Op...
Printers
AC adapters
Cooling Solutions
DC Power Adapters
Repacement Batteries
Repacement Keyboards
Streaming Media Player...
Online Backup
Printers
Browse by Price
Below $1000
From $1000 to $1500
From $1500 to $2000
Over $2000
Useful Links
Finance Options
Newlane Finance
Computer Financing Marlin
Computer Financing Ascentium
Computer Trade In
Refferal program
Computer Support
Test your RAM
Install Windows
M-Tech Warranty
Laptop Cleaning
SSD too Full?
Customer Testimonials
Reviews of M-Tech Laptops- Printed and Online
How To: Choose Laptop Model
Flexicharger
Tips and tricks
Initial Computer Setup Recommendations
Computer Tweaks
Hardware Testing Your PC
Tips for Dragon NaturallySpeaking
DNS hacks
Dragon NaturallySpeaking Cheat Sheet
Ideas, tips and options for increasing your computability
How do I make my computer better for photo editing
Firefox Browser Tweaks
How to boost your computers speed and longevity
How to redirect your Windows User library
System images for Windows 7,8 and 10
Battery Optimization
LCD Calibration
How to Repair Corrupted Windows System Files
About Us
M-Tech Products
M-Tech Laptops Business Locations
M-Tech Around the World
Affiliate Program
Why Every Shopper Should Call
Who buys M-Tech computers
i5038a Workstation
Computer Forensics -forensic laptop recommendations
Privacy Policy
M-Tech's True Laptop Customization
Laptop Purchasing 101
The Best Brand Computer For The Job
CAD/CAM Programming
DDR3 to DDR4
Drive sizes, how much is enough?
How much system RAM do I need?
Video RAM, how much do I need?
RAID
SSD vs. HDD
Display Styles- Which is best?
Drive Types, what is best for you?
Touchscreens,
Yes or NO?
CPU Answers
Laptop Quality and the quality laptop
Custom Build Your Own Laptop
Why buy a M-Tech Laptop vs. other brands
How does M-Tech help you save money?
Who Makes Best Gaming Laptops computers
Laptop Quality and the Quality Laptop: What is Happening Today in the Marketplace.
M-Tech Open Letter: M-Tech Laptops vs. Dell, vs. Alienware, vs. Toshiba (et. al.)
Technology in the news
Wireless power
Future computers
Is Windows 10 violating your privacy
Whats new in technolgy
Intel 8086K, Now on sale
Enhanced computer gaming with Nvidia 20 Series
M2 PCIe SSD
Nvidia RTX, Hollywood's Secret Weapon
FREE Online Backup
Stay In Budget
How does M-Tech help you save money?
We strive to base our guidance to you on your actual needs, not market hype. To do this we first discuss in depth with you what you will be using your laptop for. If your needs our not apparent to us, we will do an in depth review of your software and it needs (possibly contacting the software manufacturer) and add this information to the information we gathered from our interview of you and your needs. Next we ask a few more questions such as "do you plan on growing in your needs", etc.. then we discuss one or more laptop models with you and explain the features and benefits of each one. This is a joint process in which we both learn. We learn your needs and expectations and you learn about what technology is available to you and what it means to your computing experience. This has proven to be a valuable way to save you hundreds of dollars. You purchase just what you need and no extra. This amount of time we spend with you could be a few hours if we feel we need to research your personal software requirements. Not to worry though, this does not cost you a dime. It is just part of the service you get when you purchase any M-Tech brand laptop. In fact as previously mentioned, it often times saves you money by cutting back on costly purchase mistakes.
So when you contemplate your next laptop purchase remember what you get when you buy any M-Tech laptop. A first rate quality laptop at a price hundreds less than the supposed elite brands. Personal attention from someone who knows laptops and knows your needs ...and cares! A laptop selection based on this information that will yield the most cost effective laptop purchase anywhere. With all of this at no extra cost to you, why would you risk buying any other laptop from anybody else. Even if you found a laptop that is as good as the laptop we offer (and that is a big if) and even if the price is as good as M-Tech's price, you could still be spending money on a laptop computer that is not perfect for your needs, do this and then you risk wasting your hard earned money. Why risk it?
Why does M-Tech not have and commissioned sales people?
With M-Tech you can have a great value and know not a single penny was wasted on overkill or inappropriate technology. Just try to remember when the last time a "sales person" really gave you that kind of time and attention to your personal needs. Try to recall any sales person talking you out of spending money on an upgrade that would provide you with no extra benefit. Unless you are an M-Tech customer you probably do not ever recall that kind of service. Our highly trained staff have no reason to sell you the most expensive options since they won't get any commission from the sale. The average sales person is not going to talk you out of that expensive CPU when he knows if you purchase it he/she gets extra income from it. Our staff will never...NEVER up sell you just to make a larger sale. You have our promise on that. Give us a call today and try us out. Once you do, the thought of buying a laptop from anybody else will scare the DELL out of you.
Back
×
Global Message
Quick View