https://www.taos.com/privacy
1.888.826.7686
Explore Taos Careers
Solutions
Taos Acture
Digital Transformation
Cloud Migration
Strategy
Tech Talent Now
Technical Accelerator Workshops
Digital Optimization
Hybrid Cloud
DevOps Now ™
Design and Resolution Engineering
24/7 Operations
End-User Support
Cloud Expense Management
Featured Industries
Who We Are
Leadership
Partnerships
Amazon AWS Partner
Microsoft Partner
Google Cloud Partner
Talent
Emerging Tech Labs
Taos Careers
Insights
Resources
Thought Leadership
Contact Taos
privacy
Taos Privacy Policy
Taos provides managed information technology (“IT”) services and solutions to our customers, including remote monitoring and management, network operations technical support, call center services, and technology consulting, among others (collectively, the “Services”).Any Personal Information (defined below) we collect, use, and disclose through our Services is only processed on our customers’ behalf and as authorized and directed by those customers. It is the TAOS customer’s responsibility to ensure that the data it collects or directs us to collect through TAOS’s Services can be legally collected. It is also the customer’s responsibility to provide its employees and customers the appropriate level of notification that information, potentially including Personal Information, will be collected and maintained.How We Collect, Use, and Share InformationWe primarily collect Personal Information that is necessary for us to provide our Services to our customers. We will also collect Personal Information in the ordinary course of running our business, including through the receipt of communications such as emails, website enquiries and telephone calls.When we say, “Personal Information,” we mean individually identifiable information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate a specific person, such as a name, address, phone number, username, email address, and password. Unless it is defined otherwise under local law in a specific jurisdiction, we do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public Personal Information.Information Collected through Our Services and TAOS WebsitesWe usually collect information, including Personal Information, in the following ways:Personal Information. We may collect Personal Information about users of a customer’s IT systems in order to provide our Services and as authorized by that customer. We may collect such Personal Information directly or indirectly, such as through a customer or another service provider. We may also collect Personal Information from you as a user of the TAOS Websites or by other direct communication from you. For example, when you register for our Services or request additional information or contact from TAOS, you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information, which may include a name, company name, address, and email address. In addition, if you choose to communicate with us via a web form, email or by telephone, we may retain the content of your communication together with your email address or phone number and our responses. If you should enter into a customer relationship with TAOS, you may obtain additional rights or agree to additional obligations associated with the collection, use, and disclosure of information.Device-related Information. We may also collect device related information from the user’s device, including information such as an IP address, the date and time of use of our Services, the date and time of an event on the customer’s IT systems, system logs, and technical attributes about the device or a web browser.Commercially Available Information. TAOS also collects information from commercially available sources. Such information may include names, addresses, email addresses, and demographic data. The information TAOS collects from these commercial sources may be combined and cross-referenced with information collected through the TAOS Services.TAOS Websites. You can visit the TAOS Websites without revealing any Personal Information however it may prevent you from engaging in certain aspects of the TAOS Websites or other Services.Cookies or Similar Technologies.TAOS Websites use cookies. A "cookie" is a small text file that contains a string of alphanumeric characters. There are two types of cookies that may be used at TAOS's Websites: persistent cookies or session cookies. A persistent cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the "Cookies" folder on your computer and remains there after you close your Web browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site; however, session cookies are held temporarily in your computer's memory and disappear after you close your browser or shut off your computer.If you have arrived at any TAOS Website by clicking on a banner ad for one of TAOS's products or services, a session cookie may be used. This cookie contains an identification number for the advertisement that you clicked on, and it helps TAOS determine which of its ads attracts the most visitors. If you choose to request further information from us about TAOS's products and services, the personal information that you provide in that request will be linked to the information in the session cookie.In order to better understand how our sites are used, TAOS Websites may also use persistent cookies along with other information collected in our servers' files (e.g., IP Address, referring URLs, etc.). Such information is not combined with information from any other cookie. Cookies may be delivered in a first-party or third-party context.If you do not want TAOS Websites to collect information through the use of cookies, you can set your web browser to reject cookies from TAOS websites. Each browser is different, so you should check your browser’s “Help” menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you reject or block cookies, TAOS Websites may not function as intended.How We Use Information Collected through Our Services and TAOS WebsitesTo Serve Our Customers. We use the information we collect, including Personal Information, to provide our Services to the customers on whose behalf we are acting. For example, in order to provide technical support, we may contact a user of a TAOS customer’s IT system using any contact information provided to us.To Serve You. We use the information we collect, including Personal Information, to respond to any request or query directed to us, to provide you with our products and Services and to manage our relationship with you. For example, we may respond to a job application, address any enquiries or complaints you may have, endeavor to improve the Services we provide, or provide you with information about other products and services we offer that we think you may be interested in.For Direct Marketing. If we intend to use your Personal Information for direct marketing, such as by adding you to a marketing database, we will notify you and will provide you with an opportunity to opt out in accordance with section III.For Internal and Service-Related Purposes. We may use any information we collect through the Services for internal and service-related purposes, including providing it to third parties as necessary to allow us to facilitate provision of the TAOS Services.Anonymized and Aggregate Data. We anonymize and aggregate data collected through our Services and may use it for any purpose.How We May Disclose Information Collected through Our Services and TAOS WebsitesWe may share any information we collect, including Personal Information, with the customer on whose behalf we are acting. We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information collected through our Services or TAOS Websites with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes. We may otherwise share information we collect as follows:Anonymized and Aggregate Data. We may share anonymous or aggregated data with our affiliates, agents, and current and prospective business partners for any purpose, subject to our agreements with our customers.With Our Third-Party Vendors and Service Providers. As appropriate, we may share any information, including Personal Information, we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the TAOS Services. These third parties have access to Personal Information to the extent necessary to permit them to do their jobs, however, they are bound by confidentiality agreements before any information is provided to them, and they are restricted from using the information for other purposes. As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose information, including Personal Information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate: to comply with national security or law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; to respond to your requests; to prevent or address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our property or other legal rights or the rights or property of others.Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, information collected through the Services or TAOS Websites (or both) may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. We cannot control how any other party to the transaction or any future entity created by the transaction may use or disclose such information however we will only disclose the information if the party acquiring the information agrees to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.Other than as stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not release Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties, and we will not cross-reference Personal Information collected through one customer’s use of our Services with that of any other customer or entity.Access, Integrity, Retention, and ChoicesWhen providing Services, we collect information at the direction of our customers and generally do not have a direct relationship with the individual users of their IT systems whose information we may process. To request access to, correction, amendment, or deletion of Personal Information, a user of a TAOS customer’s IT system should direct their query to that company.If you wish to request access to, correction, or deletion of Personal Information you have submitted through the TAOS Websites, you can log into your account or contact TAOS at privacy@taos.com.Data IntegrityTAOS will use Personal Information only in ways compatible with the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by our customers, or as requested in connection with TAOS Website user requests or other direct requests.We keep information we need to provide our Services only so long as we have a valid business purpose, in accordance with applicable law and our customer agreements. We may retain aggregate or anonymous information indefinitely.User ChoicesBy using the TAOS Websites or the Services, or otherwise providing us with information, you are giving your express consent to the collection, use, retention, transfer and disclosure, including cross-border disclosure to recipients in a foreign country, including but not limited to the European Union, United States, Australia, and India of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. You have the right to object to the disclosure of your information to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, except for disclosures made to our third-party vendors and service providers, as well as to the use of your information for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. If you wish to opt out and withdraw your consent, you may do so at any time by writing to privacy@taos.com. If you opt out and withdraw your consent you will no longer be able to use the TAOS Websites or the Services or receive updates or other communications, and we will not have any means by which to respond to your inquiries.We include an “unsubscribe” hyperlink in TAOS marketing emails for those users who wish to stop receiving email communication from TAOS. The hyperlink will connect to one of our websites, which will confirm the email address that has been automatically unsubscribed and will no longer receive emails from TAOS.SecurityWe take steps to ensure that information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, neither the Internet nor any form of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided to us. To the extent permitted by law, we do not accept liability for any unintentional disclosure.TAOS has adopted physical, technological, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the information we process. We enforce least privilege access policies for our employees who have access to Personal Information. Our employees are trained at least annually on IT security and privacy protection. TAOS’s Director of IT Risk and Compliance is responsible for maintenance and operation of all information technology risk management programs, security controls and activities world-wide.By providing Personal Information to us or using the TAOS Websites, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services and the TAOS Websites.Non-EU International UseTAOS is headquartered in the United States of America, but we are a growing corporation with customers in multiple countries. We have developed data practices intended to assure information is appropriately protected. Personal Information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers elsewhere in the world. EU International UseIf you are visiting the TAOS Websites from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Accessing Your InformationWe acknowledge the individual’s right to access their personal data. You can access and update your account information by logging into your account at https://control.itsupport247.net/. As soon as practically possible after your request is received, we will disclose to you all your Personal Information that we keep.If you wish to have your Personal Information deleted please contact privacy@taos.com to request that we do so.Promptly after receiving your request, all Personal Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable. Online PrivacyThe following information explains our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to us when visiting our website. Taos’ goal in collecting personal information online is to provide you with a personalized web experience. By knowing your preferences, we can deliver relevant information that meets your needs and ensures your visit to our site is productive. Taos collects personally identifying information when you register for personalized information at our site.Taos will not sell, rent, or share this information with any other organization.IP AddressesTaos collects IP addresses for system administration and internal tracking and analysis. When you visit our site, our servers log the IP addresses only. However, through the services provided by our analytics program described below, we do receive information on the companies and industries visiting our site based on the IP addresses that are logged.CookiesSome of our Web Pages use “cookies” so that we can better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our website. Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The information stored will make your usage of our website easier and faster because it allows you to use the website without having to re-enter information on each visit. We also use cookies when you request personalized information on our website. These cookies are used to identify visitors when they return to the website. They also maintain the visitor’s identity while at our website so you need only log in once. Taos does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in the cookie, and we do not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes. Some Taos web pages use cookies to track usage patterns in order to improve the usefulness and effectiveness of our website. This information is not shared or sold to any third parties whatsoever.Online SurveysTaos values your opinions and comments, and we may occasionally conduct online surveys. Participation in these surveys is always optional. The information is aggregated and used to make improvements to Taos and to develop useful content, features and promotions for website visitors. The identity of survey participants is anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey.Access to Password Protected/Secure AreasAccess to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the website is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Taos website may be subject to prosecution.Links to Other SitesWe provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked web sites. We are not responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of the sites.Children’s PrivacyThis web site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on the site, we will delete the information from our records.Do Not TrackThe TAOS Websites currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals, and operate as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices from time to time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so visitors to the TAOS Website and our customers and the users of their IT systems are aware of our practices, and we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make a material change to our information practices, such as to how we use Personal Information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice on our website and/or through our customers and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.Complaints and How to Contact UsIf you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our information practices, please email us at privacy@taos.com .In compliance with the Data Protection Principles under GDPR, we are committed to resolving complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact us by email at privacy@taos.com. If you don’t receive adequate resolution of a privacy-related problem, you may write to our IT Security and Compliance team at:IT Security and ComplianceTaos Mountain LLC1307 S. Eagle Flight Boise, ID, 83709
Useful links
Contact Taos
Center of Innovation
Upcoming Events
Privacy
Contact info 888-826-7686contactus@taos.com121 Daggett DriveSan Jose, CA 95134
About Taos Taos helps today’s enterprises and rapidly growing businesses harness the power of the cloud and DevOps with digital transformation and optimization solutions. As a Global Leader of Cloud and DevOps, Taos continues to solve What’s Next.
Emerging Technology Consulting and Managed Services Insights, in your inbox
Email*
Send
All Rights Reserved | Taos Mountain LLC.
© 2020
Share by: