http://www.isynergywebdesign.com/privacy.php
High Quality Webdesign & Search Engine Marketing Services
Home
Website Design
Website Development
E-Commerce
E-Marketing
Portfolio
Contact Us
High Quality Web Design &Search Engine Marketing Services
Privacy Policy
iSynergy Webdesign values its customers and respects their privacy. Certain sections of the web site may request specific personally identifiable information to be submitted by a form or e-mail. Any personal information you choose to provide iSynergy Webdesign will be used for the limited purposes of responding to your inquiries and to communicate events, special promotions and services via e-mail, newsletter and/or direct mail. Any personal information you provide to iSynergy Webdesign will be kept strictly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties.
iSynergy Webdesign uses Google Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion tracking, and other Google services that place cookies on the browser. These cookies help to increase the website's effectiveness for visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit Google's Privacy Center.
If you need further assistance, you may contact us regarding your inquiry.
Links to Other Web Sites
iSynergy Webdesign may provide links to other World Wide Web Sites not under the www.isynergywebdesign.com domain. These web sites are provided solely for the convenience of visitors. iSynergy Webdesign is not responsible for the content of other sites. iSynergy Webdesign does not endorse, warrant or guarantee the products or services described or offered in any third party web sites.
Notice
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Contact iSynergy Webdesign Today
SEO Website Design
Professional high quality website design creates and enhances your image to the online world. We offer low cost high end website design solutions to fit your budget...
E-Marketing - Search Engine Marketing
The effective integration of marketing principles such as targeted promotions and campaigns and cutting edge internet technologies such as Search Engine Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, and Shopping Networks power your company...
E-Commerce Web Development
We help our clients streamline their projects by taking all the guess work out of the development process with experienced skilled technical managers who understand your needs...
Portfolio
We are proud to have had the opportunity to help develop high quality websites, campaigns, and search engine optimization projects for small, medium, and large businesses. Please feel free to review our portfolio...
Testimonials
“iSynergy did an excellent job designing our new website and has been very responsive for continuing support and updates.
Their development process was very professional and helped speed along the timeline...” - Dennis King, Director of Marketing at BEAR Data Systems, Inc.
Contact Us
With our FREE initial consultation, we will recommend the best web design solution for your company and ensure that your project is delivered on time and under budget for a flat fee. Contact us today!
www.iSynergyWebdesign.com
236 West Portal Ave #315, San Francisco, CA 94127      Ph. 408.752.0500
SEO Consultants, SEO Website Design, Full Service E-Marketing Agency
HOME |
WEB DESIGN BLOG |
SEO WEBSITE DESIGN |
E-COMMERCE |
E-MARKETING |
SEO |
DESIGN |
PORTFOLIO |
SITEMAP |
TERMS |
PRIVACY POLICY
Copyright © 2020 iSynergy Webdesign. All rights reserved.