http://www.exforsys.com/privacy-policy
Navigation
Home
Services
ERP Solutions
Implementation Solutions
Support and Maintenance Solutions
Custom Solutions
Upgrade Solutions
Training and Mentoring
Web Solutions
Production Support
Architecture Designing
Independent Validation and Testing Services
Infrastructure Management
Expertise
Microsoft Development Expertise
Mobile Development
SQL Server Database and BI
SAP BI, SAP Hana, SAP BO
Oracle and BI
Oracle RAC
Technical Training
Learn Data Management
Business Intelligence
Data Mining
Data Modeling
Data Warehousing
Disaster Recovery
Learn Concepts
Application Development
Client Server
Cloud Computing Tutorials
Cluster Computing
CRM Tutorial
EDI Tutorials
ERP Tutorials
NLP
OOPS
Concepts
SOA Tutorial
Supply Chain
Technology Trends
UML
Virtualization
Web 2.0
Learn Java
JavaScript Tutorial
JSP Tutorials
J2EE
Learn Microsoft
MSAS
ASP.NET
ASP.NET 2.0
C Sharp
MS Project Training
Silverlight
SQL Server 2005
VB.NET 2005
Learn Networking
Networking
Wireless
Learn Oracle
Oracle 10g
PL/SQL
Oracle 11g Tutorials
Oracle 9i
Oracle Apps
Learn Programming
Ajax Tutorial
C Language
C++ Tutorials
CSS Tutorial
CSS3 Tutorial
JavaScript Tutorial
jQuery Tutorial
MainFrame
PHP Tutorial
VBScript Tutorial
XML Tutorial
Learn Software Testing
Software Testing Types
SQA
Testing
Career Training
Career Improvement
Career Articles
Certification Articles
Conflict Management
Core Skills
Decision Making
Entrepreneurship
Goal Setting
Life Skills
Performance Development
Personal Excellence
Personality Development
Problem Solving
Relationship Management
Self Confidence
Self Supervision
Social Networking
Strategic Planning
Time Management
Education Help
Career Tracks
Essay Writing
Internship Tips
Online Education
Scholarships
Student Loans
Managerial Skills
Business Communication
Business Networking
Facilitator Skills
Managing Change
Marketing Management
Meeting Management
Process Management
Project Management
Project Management Life Cycle
Project Management Process
Project Risk Management
Relationship Management
Task Management
Team Building
Virtual Team Management
Essential Life Skills
Anger Management
Anxiety Management
Attitude Development
Coaching and Mentoring
Emotional Intelligence
Stress Management
Positive Thinking
Communication Skills
Conversation Skills
Cross Culture Competence
English Vocabulary
Listening Skills
Public Speaking Skills
Questioning Skills
Soft Skills
Assertive Skills
Influence Skills
Leadership Skills
Memory Skills
People Skills
Presentation Skills
Finding a Job
Etiquette Tips
Group Discussions
HR Interviews
Interview Notes
Job Search Tips
Resume Tips
Sample Resumes
Privacy Policy
Exforsys.com, is committed to protecting your privacy and provide technology that gives you a secure online experience. The majority of the website can be viewed without giving us any information about yourself. However for certain areas of the website and for certain functions you are required to enter personal information. This privacy statement explains the data we collect and its use in these situations.
Exforsys.com protects the security of your personal information and honors your choice for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Exforsys.com has taken adequate steps and measures to protect personal information from being misused.
While providing your personal information, you acknowledge that no website security procedures are completely foolproof and you agree that you are submitting your personal information to exforsys.com website at your own risk.
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Generally but not limited to, this information is requested when you sign up to become a member of exforsys.com and when you send us feedback.
You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your username and password to exforsys.com, so do not share these with others.
To enable us to monitor and improve the site, we may gather certain information about you when you use the website, including details of your Operating system: e.g., Windows, DOS, Macintosh, or UNIX; Browser version and type: e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer; Browser language: e.g., Java or Unix; Internet Service Provider (ISP): e.g., Mind Spring or AOL.
Your IP address: a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet. The type of information that exforsys.com can infer from the IP address is a geographic location. Your domain: e.g., .COM, net, or .edu. This is standard information that is available with all communication sent on the Internet.
Adequate facility has been provided to unsubscribe from mailing list at any point of time, if you are not able to unsubscribe from mailing list please send us an email or use “Contact Us” form and inform us regarding the same.
Personally Identifiable Information Collected
Personal information collected from exforsys.com often is limited to name, email address, location, IP Number but may from time to time include other information when needed to provide a service that you requested. We store these information in our database and use your personal information to contact you when you have a query and to supply you with a newsletter / support / registration procedure etc., if you request one.
Cookies and Clickstream
We may use cookies (a small file containing a string of characters sent to your computer) only to identify your browser and to store information such as your User ID and your session identifiers to enable us to identify whether you are registered on to the site and, if so, to shortcut your access to the site and for user preferences. We will only read cookies from your cookie file placed there through your web browser’s interaction with the site.
We may also use cookies to help us determine how long users view particular content, which particular content (e.g. advertising) users view, which content or sites users link to, and which exforsys.com services visitors use.
Though browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
If cookies are refused or disabled, some of our website’s features and services may not function properly.
Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
About Google advertising: What is the DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher.s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user.s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
DoubleClick DART cookie
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Click here to know more information about DoubleClick DART cookie.
RSS Feeds
If you subscribe to our RSS feed with your email address, your email address will be saved at feedburner.com, feedblitz.com or any feed provider used and exforsys.com will have access to such email address. email addresses will be used ONLY for sending the RSS feed from our web site. email addresses will never be sold, disclosed or rented to any third party.
Ad Servers
Exforsys.com has relationships with different companies like Google www.google.com/adsense, indeed.com, yahoo, vibrantmedia.com etc., and or any other companies not specifically mentioned herein who place ads on exforsys.com pages. Whenever you visit exforsys.com or any of it pages, ad server companies, may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information with the help of cookies. If you need more information regarding google adsense, please go through Google privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html
Third Party Website / Other sites
We occasionally use third party companies to provide services on our behalf. We will only provide those companies the information they require to deliver their service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
You may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content, or third-party software.
Protection for Personally Identifiable Information Collected
We endeavor to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal Data including the use of encryption technology, butexforsys.com cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online.
User information
When you register in our website, You will be asked to provide exforsys.com with certain information including, without limitation, a valid email address (your “Information”). In addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any privacy policy on this website, You understand and agree that exforsys.com may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis, certain aggregate information contained in your registration application. exforsys.com will not disclose to any third party your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number without your prior consent, except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. exforsys.com reserves the right to offer third party services and products to You based on the preferences that You identify in your registration and at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by exforsys.com or by third parties. Please see the exforsys.com Privacy Policy for further details regarding your Information.
Exforsys.com does not independently verify the information provided by candidates or the identity of candidates or employers.
Exforsys.com does not intend to collect any information directly from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you may use exforsys.com website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. In the event that Exforsys.com learns that it has inadvertently collected information from a child under the age of 13, any and all such information will be promptly deleted from exforsys.com systems.
Access, update or delete your information
Once your register at exforsys.com, you are responsible for maintaining and updating, as applicable, your account Registration Data with current, accurate and complete information. You may view, update and/or edit the Registration Data you have provided to exforsys.com by logging in to your account and following the appropriate instructions.
Feedback, Support Mails and Member communication
Whenever you send any feedback and or email or any other communication to admin/support or use the “Contact Us” form, exforsys.com may retain such communications/emails in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and to improve our services.
Links
Our site may link to other web sites. This Internet Privacy Policy does not apply to such links or third party websites and we are not responsible for their data policies or procedures or their content.
Changes to this policy
Exforsys.com may revise these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy, because they are binding on you. The terms “You” and “User” as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing this web site for any reason.
If you have any question / clarification regarding information stated in privacy policy or If you want to remove links to your website, please feel free to use “Contact Us” for the same or send an email to.
You can even write to us regarding any clarification,
exforsys.com
248 Millington Road
Cortlandt Manor
New York 10567
If there is anything else we can do to protect your privacy, Please let us know by making use of “Contact Us” form or via above mentioned email id.
Terms and Conditions of Use
This page states the “Terms and Conditions” under which you may use exforsys.com. By accessing the exforsys.comwebsite, you agree to the following terms and conditions: Please read this page carefully. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions stated here, do not use this web site and service.
Exforsys.com, its owners, directors, managers, administrators, moderators, officers, employees, authors and its content providers make no representations as to accuracy, completeness, timeliness, correctness, suitability, or validity of any information on this site. exforsys.com content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Neither exforsys.com nor any of its owners, directors, managers, administrators, moderators, officers, employees, authors or content providers shall be liable for any accuracy, errors, adequacy or timeliness in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Exforsys.com is not liable for any damages or costs of any type arising out of any action taken by you or others based upon reliance on any materials on this site.
Any Job Postings, articles, tutorials, sample code, quiz, training or any other information from any individuals or company are not scrutinized and exforsys.com should not be held liable as a result of any outcome of the relationship between that consulting company and the job seeker.
Exforsys.com is not responsible for the contents and information contained in the linked websites.
Exforsys.com is not affiliated with any of the authors and the companies listed in its database and does not endorse or recommend any particular products or services.
Exforsys.com makes no claims that the Web Site Content may be lawfully viewed or accessed outside of the United States. Access to the Web Site Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If You access the Web Site from outside of the United States, You do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms and conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the Commonwealth of New York, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within New York. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided in additional terms of use for areas of the Web Site, a particular “Legal Notice,” or Software License or material on particular Web pages, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between You and the Company with respect to the use of Web Site.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold exforsys.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, managers, administrators, moderators, officers, employees, agents, co-branders, and other partners, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of
(i) any material or content or information You provide or post or transmit through exforsys.com website,
(ii) your use of exforsys.com, including your use of this website to provide a link to another website or to upload content or other information to Exforsys.com or
(iii) your violation / breach of the “Terms and Conditions of Use” or any applicable laws or the rights.
You agree to abide any posting guidelines or rules, which may be posted from time to time.
You agree the exforsys.com administrators, moderators and employee hold full rights to edit / correct / delete / approve / reject any type of content submitted by you with or without your consent.
You agree not to access exforsys.com by any means other than through the interface that is provided by exforsys.com for use in accessing the Site
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Site, use of the Site, or access to the Site, without the express, prior written consent of exforsys.com in each instance.
We expect that You will use caution and common sense when using this Web Site and/or the other exforsys.com sites.
Site Security Rules
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of any exforsys.com, including, without limitation,
(a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access,
(b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization,
(c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to exforsys.com, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mailbombing” or “crashing”, or
(d) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. exforsys.com will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
Specific Prohibited Uses
Exforsys.com may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals seeking computer/software related information, employment, career information and employers seeking employees. exforsys.com specifically prohibits any use of the Web Site, and all users agree not to use the Web Site, for any of the following:
i. Posting any incomplete, false or inaccurate biographical information or information which is not your own accurate resume (living individual seeking employment on a full-time or part-time basis on his or her own behalf).
ii. Posting any franchise, pyramid scheme, “club membership”, distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, pays commissions only (except for postings that make clear that the available job pays commission only and clearly describes the product or service that the job seeker would be selling, in which case such postings are permissible), requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents.
iii. Using the exforsys.com Database/Repository for any purpose other than as an user seeking more information, including but not limited to using the information in the repository to sell or promote any products or services of the same.
iv. Sending unsolicited mail or e-mail, making unsolicited phone calls or sending unsolicited faxes regarding promotions and/or advertising of products or services to a user of the exforsys.com website.
v. Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity (Only administrators, moderators and authorised personnel hold right to make corrections, accept, reject information wherever whenever deemed necessary).
vi. Using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of any exforsys.com website or any activity being conducted on this site.
vii. Taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on any exforsys.com Site’s infrastructure.
viii. If You have a password allowing access to a non-public area of this Web Site, disclosing to or sharing your password with any third parties or using your password for any unauthorized purpose.
ix. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, using or attempting to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search any exforsys.com Site other than the search engine and search agents available from exforsys.com on such exforsys.com Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
x. Attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of any exforsys.com site.
xi. Aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the Web Site Content or information available from any exforsys.com site.
xii. Framing of or linking to any of the Web Site Content or information available from any exforsys.com Site unless otherwise explicitly implied by exforsys.com.
User Submissions
As a user, You are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. By using exforsys.com Site,
i. You agree NOT to post material that is copyrighted, unless You are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it;
ii. You agree NOT to post material that reveals trade secrets, unless You own them or have the permission of the owner;
iii. You agree NOT to post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
iv. You agree NOT to post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity;
v. You agree NOT to post material that is off-topic on topic-specific message boards;
vi. You agree NOT to post a sexually explicit image or statement;
vii. You agree NOT to post advertisements or solicitations of business,
viii. You agree NOT to post chain letters or pyramid schemes;
ix. You agree NOT to impersonate another person; or
x. You agree NOT to post material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, bots or other computer programming routines or engines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information.
Exforsys.com acts as a passive conduit for the online distribution and publication of user-submitted information and has no obligation to screen communications or information in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users. If notified by a user of communications which allegedly do not conform to these Terms and Conditions, exforsys.com may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of the communication. exforsys.com has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities.
Exforsys.com reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to the Web Site for violating the Terms and Conditions or the law and the right to remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive. Exforsys.com may take any action with respect to user-submitted information that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion if it believes it may create liability for exforsys.com or may cause exforsys.com to lose (in whole or in part) the services of its ISPs or other suppliers.
By submitting content to any public or non-public area of any exforsys.com Site, including message boards, forums, contests and chat rooms, You grant exforsys.com and its affiliates the loyalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sub-licenseable (through multiple tiers), non-exclusive right (including any moral rights) and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You also warrant that the holder of any rights, including moral rights in such content, has completely and effectively waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to You the right to grant the license stated above. You also permit any subscriber to access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal use. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such content placed on the Web Site retains any and all rights that may exist in such content.
Any hyperlinks, “hidden” keywords or any keywords that are irrelevant to the job or are otherwise misleading contained in a job posting are prohibited.
We appreciate hearing from our customers and welcome your comments regarding our services and exforsys.com. Please be advised, however, that our policy does not permit us to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions, inventions or materials other than those which we have specifically requested. While we do value your feedback on our services, please be specific in your comments regarding our services and do not submit creative ideas, inventions, suggestions, or materials. If, despite our request, You send us creative suggestions, ideas, drawings, concepts, inventions, or other information (collectively the “Submission”), the Submission shall be the property of exforsys.com. None of the Submission shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submission. exforsys.com shall own exclusively all now known or later discovered rights to the Submission and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submission for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to You or any other person who submitted the Submission.
Registration and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by You. You agree to immediately notify exforsys.com of any unauthorized use of your registration or password
Termination
exforsys.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to deletion of your postings from exforsys.com website and immediate termination of your registration with or ability to access exforsys.com website and/or any other service provided to You by exforsys.com, upon any breach by You of these Terms and Conditions or if exforsys.com is unable to verify or authenticate any information You submit to the exforsys.com website registration.
Copyright Policy
Exforsys.com and all of our affiliated websites respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users, account holders and content partners to do the same. The unauthorized reproduction, copying, distribution, modification, public display or public performance of copyrighted works constitutes infringement of the copyright owners rights. As a condition to your use of this Web Site, You agree not to use exforsys.com to infringe the intellectual property rights of others in any way. We will terminate the accounts of any account holders, and block access to exforsys.com of any users, who are repeat infringers of the copyrights, or other intellectual property rights, of others. We reserve the right to take these actions at any time, in our sole discretion, with or without notice, and without any liability to the account holder who is terminated or to the user whose access is blocked.
If You believe that your copyrighted work has been uploaded, posted or copied to this Web Site and is accessible on this Web Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify us by providing our designated copyright agent with the following information:
1. The physical or electronic signature of either the copyright owner or of a person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf;
2. A description of the copyrighted work You claim has been infringed, and a description of the activity that You claim to be infringing;
3. Identification of the URL or other specific location on this web site where the material or activity You claim to be infringing is located or is occurring; You must include enough information to allow us to locate the material or the activity;
4. Your name, address, telephone number and, if You have one, your e-mail address;
5. A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that use on the web site of the copyrighted work in the manner You are complaining of is not authorized by the copyright owner, any agent of the copyright owner,
or the law; and
6. A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the information You have provided in your notice is accurate and that You are either the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
You can send e-mail to
Exforsys.com Liability
Exforsys.com is only a venue. This Web Site acts as a venue for those users who wish to meet with other users in their area of expertise solely for the purpose of provide support and information in that area of expertise; and does screen or censor the content / listings offered as per the terms and condition set forth above.
Exforsys.com is not involved in the actual transaction between employers and candidates. As a result, exforsys.com has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or information posted, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of employers to offer job opportunities to candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings.
In addition, note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical harm, of dealing with strangers, foreign nationals, underage persons or people acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom You come in contact through exforsys.com and/or the other exforsys.com affiliate websites.
Because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, exforsys.com cannot and does not confirm that each user is who they claim to be. Because we do not and cannot be involved in user-to-user dealings or control the behavior of participants on any of the exforsys.com websites, in the event that You have a dispute with one or more users, You release exforsys.com (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential, direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
If You are a California resident, You waive California Civil Code d1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”
We are under no legal obligation to, and generally do not, control the information provided by other users which is made available through exforsys.com. By its very nature, other people’s information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled.
Exforsys.com is not to be considered to be an employer with respect to your use of exforsys.com and exforsys.com shall not be responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reason made, made by any entity posting jobs on any exforsys.com websites.
Limitation of Liability
Exforsys.com’s maximum liability arising out of or in connection with any exforsys.com site or your use of the web site content, regardless of the cause of action (whether in contract, tort, breach of warranty or otherwise), will not exceed $100.
Additional Terms of Use
Certain areas of this Web Site and the other exforsys.com Sites are subject to additional terms of use. By using such areas, or any part thereof, You agree to be bound by the additional terms of use applicable to such areas.
Brand Names, Logos and Trademarks
All brand names, registered trademarks, logos or service marks, mentioned within Exforsys.com website, downloads, content are property of their respective owners.
Exforsys.com further will not ensure that files you download from this website will be free of viruses, Trojan horses, bugs, contamination, or destructive features. This Site, and its content, are delivered on an “as is” and “as available” basis. You agree to use this website at your own risk.
If you have any question / clarification regarding information stated in “Terms and Conditions of Use” or If you want to remove any links to your website, please feel free to use “Contact Us” for the same or send an email to.
You can even write to us regarding any clarification,
exforsys.com
248 Millington Road
Cortlandt Manor
New York 10567
If there is anything else we can do to protect your privacy, Please let us know by making use of “Contact Us” form or via above mentioned email id.
Ads
Free Training
RSSSubscribe
422
Followers
Ads
Popular
Recent
Exforsys Services
November 30, -0001 - 0 Comment
Exforsys Expertise
November 30, -0001 - 0 Comment
Expertise – SQL Server Database and BI
November 30, -0001 - 0 Comment
Expertise – Oracle and BI
November 30, -0001 - 0 Comment
Expertise – Oracle RAC
November 30, -0001 - 0 Comment
How to prepare for an Interview
July 18, 2004 - 0 Comment
Resume Preparation Tips
July 18, 2004 - 0 Comment
Technical Support Position Interview Questions
August 4, 2004 - 0 Comment
Benefits of Oracle Certification
August 27, 2004 - 0 Comment
Tips on How to face an Interview!
September 3, 2004 - 0 Comment
Project Management Techniques
October 24, 2017 - 0 Comment
Product Development Best Practices
June 5, 2017 - 0 Comment
Importance of Quality Data Management
May 28, 2017 - 0 Comment
How to Maximize Quality Assurance
May 24, 2017 - 0 Comment
Utilizing Effective Quality Assurance Strategies
January 3, 2017 - 0 Comment
Difference Between Quality Control and Quality Assurance
September 9, 2016 - 0 Comment
Determining Quality Needs for Stakeholders
August 31, 2016 - 0 Comment
Create a Successful Quality Management Plan
August 30, 2016 - 0 Comment
Post-Seminar Evaluation
August 23, 2016 - 0 Comment
Seminar Closing Notes
July 26, 2016 - 0 Comment
Exforsys e-Newsletter
Latest Articles
Project Management Techniques
Product Development Best Practices
Importance of Quality Data Management
How to Maximize Quality Assurance
Utilizing Effective Quality Assurance Strategies
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
DMCA
Trademark Information
Contact Us
© 2020. All Rights Reserved.IT Training and Consulting
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled