https://www.justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk/privacy.html
Just
Software
Solutions
Training
Consultancy
Just::Thread Pro
News
Blog
Contact Us
About Us
Our Services
Consultancy
Workshops and Training
Custom Software Development
Our Ethos
Contact us
Technical Writings
C++ Concurrency Book
Articles and Publications
Conference Presentations
Recent Blog Entries
Multithreading Blog Entries
C++ Blog Entries
Subscribe to Blog
Subscribe by RSS
Enter your details below to receive updates by email
Name:
Email:
We respect your email privacy
Privacy Policy
Just Software Solutions Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you
provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our
views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting any of our
websites or purchasing products or services from us, you are accepting and consenting to the
practices described in this policy.
References to "we", "our" and "us" in this Privacy Policy are references to Just Software
Solutions Ltd of 15 Carrallack Mews, St. Just, Penzance, Cornwall, TR19 7UL, United
Kingdom, registered in England as company number 5478976.
References to "our websites" refer
to https://www.justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk, http://www.stdthread.co.uk,
and any other websites registered to us.
Information we may hold about you
Information you give us
We may collect and process data that you give us by submitting a form on one of our websites, or
by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes, but is not limited to,
information you give us when registering with or participating in a discussion or support forum,
subscribing to a service we provide, or purchasing a product from us. The information you give us
may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card
information, personal description and photograph.
Information we collect about you
Whenever you visit one of our websites, we may automatically collect information about that
visit. The information collected may include:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your
computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, time zone setting,
browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full URL of the pages you visit, time spent on
each page, and links you follow;
information provided to us about you by third parties, such as payment processors (e.g. PayPal).
Cookies
Our websites may use cookies to identify you and distinguish you from other users of our
website, in order to provide any products or services accessible through our websites.
Cookies may be used to collect information about you as described above. This information is only
used for the purposes described below.
Some products or services available through our websites may be inaccessible, or function
incorrectly if cookies cannot be stored.
If your web browser is configured to submit a "Do Not Track" request when obtaining web pages,
cookies will only be used where necessary for the website functionality you are using, such as to
maintain a login session.
Our use of this information
We may use the information we hold about you in the following
ways:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and
to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to contact you regarding our storage and use of that information;
to provide you with information related to bug fixes, upgrades and new versions of products
you have purchased from us;
to provide you with information about any changes to services you have purchased from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that we feel may
interest you;
to ensure that the content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and
your computer;
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis,
testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you
and for your computer;
to produce anonymized statistical data about the use of our products, services or websites;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do
so.
Disclosure of information held about you
We will only share the information held about you with third parties in the following cases:
where we are using a third party in order to fulfil the uses of that information described
above (e.g. payment processors, storage providers and web analytics services);
where the data was collected by us as part of a service we are providing for a third party
with which you have a relationship (e.g. where we are providing a widget for a third party to
embed in their website), in which case their use of the information is covered by their privacy
policy;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share the information we hold about you in order to
comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any licenses, terms of use, or
other agreements on products and services we provide, or to protect our rights or property.
Where we share information with third parties as described above, those third parties may be
located outside the EEA. We will, in all circumstances, safeguard personal information as set out
in this Privacy Policy.
Access to and changes to information held about you
You may ask us to provide you with a copy of all the information we hold about you by emailing a
request
to info@justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk.
You may ask us to update the information we hold about you by emailing the changes
to info@justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk.
You may ask us not to contact you. If you are subscribed to a mailing list, then there will be an
"unsubscribe" link at the bottom of every email. In all cases, you can request that we no longer
contact you by sending an email
to info@justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk.
You may ask us to delete all the information we hold about you by emailing a request
to info@justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk. Doing
so may mean that we are no longer able to provide you with products or services which you have
purchased from us. If we need to continue storing information about you in order to fulfil legal
obligations we will inform you about what data we are required to retain in response to such a
request.
Changes to this policy
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time. The latest version will always be available
on this web page, so please check our website periodically for the latest version.
Contacting us about this policy
If you have any questions about this policy or our use of information we hold about you, please
email info@justsoftwaresolutions.co.uk.
Design and Content Copyright © 2005-2020 Just Software Solutions Ltd. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy