http://www.onlinecomputertips.com/privacy-policy
Home
Support Categories
PC Troubleshooting
Windows
Networking
Hardware
Microsoft Office
Spyware
Virus
Software
Tech News
Videos
Search OCT
Common Q & A
Windows Q & A
Hardware Q & A
Networking Q & A
PC Troubleshooting Q & A
Microsoft Office Q & A
Software Q & A
Spyware Q & A
Virus Q & A
Contact
Details
David
Uncategorised
31 October 2017
Email
Legal information
Online ComputerTips make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Online ComputerTips hereby disclaim all warranties.
And conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Online ComputerTips be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server.
The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Online ComputerTips reserves the right, in its discretion, to change or modify all or any part of this agreement and the content on its respected sites at any time, effective immediately upon notice published on the service. Your continued use of the service constitutes your binding acceptance of these terms and conditions, including any changes or modifications made by Online ComputerTips as permitted above. If at any time the terms and conditions of this agreement are no longer acceptable to you, you should immediately cease all use of the service.
Offline reading
OnlineComputerTips.com contents are to be only viewed and used under the OnlineComputerTips.com domain any offline or online duplication through other domains are explicitly prohibited unless written approval is provided by Online ComputerTips.
Links to third-party sites
Third-party links will let you leave Online ComputerTips's site. The linked sites are not under the control of Online ComputerTips and Online ComputerTips is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. Online ComputerTips is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Online ComputerTips of the site.
Incoming links
Online ComputerTips visitors are encouraged to link their web page or blog to any page on Online ComputerTips. There are no restrictions or special requirements from Online ComputerTips.
File downloads
All files on Online ComputerTips are kept in their original format and are only posted on Online ComputerTips if users contact us regarding issues obtaining the files or the files are no longer available through the respected third-party computer company. Before any file is posted on Online ComputerTips they are verified to work and scanned for any viruses. Online ComputerTips or the respected third-party companies of these files are not responsible for any potential issues that may arise when running these files.
Governing law
This agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the state of Californa.
Referencing and citing information
To reference a page on Online Computer Tips include the full URL, the page title, and 'Online Computer Tips', which is considered the author.
E-Mail statement
If e-mail is submitted to Online Computer Tips the end-user grants Online Computer Tips the right to use its contents on all programming, including web and Internet. However, Online Computer Tips respects the end-users privacy therefore none of the end users information will be submitted to any third-party company nor will the e-mail address be supplied to any third-party company endorsing various e-mail messages.
Visitors recorded information
Each visitor to our web page(s), our web server automatically recognizes only the visitors domain and the pages visited on Online Computer Tips and uses Google Analytics to collect visitor information to help improve its site and understand how visitors browse its site. However, no information regarding the visitors e-mail address or any other personal information is recognized.
Security statement
By using any of the Online Computer Tips services you agree that the Internet is not a secure medium, and that the visits to Online Computer Tips, any communications, or your user information cannot be ensured.
Anti-spam policy
Online Computer Tips does not and will not relinquish any of its end-users e-mail addresses to any third-party. Online Computer Tips respects its end-users privacy and time and does not mass market or e-mail its users. All e-mail sent by Online Computer Tips is sent as a reply to the original e-mail message sent.
Online Computer Tips does not support or participate in e-mail address exchanging or swapping and will not accept any e-mail database list from any person or company.
Online Computer Tips Address
364 Turin St.
Oak Park, CA 91377
help(at)onlinecomputertips dot com
Tweet
Prev
Next
Join Us On FaceBook
We Recommend:
Join Us On Twitter
Get insights into the computer industry and regular updates on our site. Click Here
OCT Youtube Channel
New tech tip videos posted on a regular basis. Subscribe today! Click Here
Sponsored