http://www.isis-papyrus.com/e15/pages/1/terms-conditions.html
Contact Us
ISIS PAPYRUS Privacy Policy
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. USING THIS WEB SITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS ("TERMS"), DO NOT USE THIS WEB SITE.
Commitment to User Privacy
ISIS Papyrus Europe AG (short: “ISIS Papyrus”) is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our website without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request. This document is designed to give a clear explanation of ISIS Papyrus’ data processing practices. Please see below for further information.
If you have any questions or concerns relating to ISIS Papyrus’ website or would like to find out more about how we collect, store or use your personal data, please send an e-mail to dataprotection@isis-papyrus.com.
Contact of data protection responsible
If you have a question to this sensible topic the data protection team is available for you under dataprotection@isis-papyrus.com.
For further information about ISIS Papyrus as a company, please have a look under the ISIS Papyrus Corporate Profile.
The information we collect and the primary purpose for collection
The personal information you provide is being collected for legitimate business purposes, which includes recruitment, processing registrations or enquiries, keeping you informed about events, news on software updates and new Papyrus Software Solutions and Products or offers and providing the best possible service to you. Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of these rights.
The provision of this information is voluntary. However, if you do not provide the information requested, we may be unable to process your application, registration or enquiry. All information provided by you will be held in the strictest confidence.
We will only collect the personal information that is necessary for the purposes mentioned above. It includes the following (however is not limited to):
Marketing/Customer Care purposes:
Full Name & Job TitleCompany Name & AddressPhone & Fax NumberEmail AddressInterest Areas & Preferences
Recruitment purposes:
Full NameAddress and Telephone numberEmail AddressArea of job interestCurrent EmployerCurrent Job TitleCurriculum Vitae
ISIS Papyrus is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
Use of Cookies & Log Files
Some of ISIS Papyrus’ web pages will utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used for setting a key on your browser that links to the current state of your web session. The purpose of the cookie is to let us know when Customers visit our site and where Customers visit. Some cookies and other technologies may be associated with Customers’ Personal Information provided during an earlier visit. Site functionality requiring a login will utilize cookies. Other tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names, internet protocol (IP) addresses (additional detail below), operating types, browser software, clickstream data and time frames of when the site is accessed.
Most commercially available internet browsers allow users to block cookies. However, doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of our site.
When visiting our website, each file request is logged by our web server. The information gathered includes the name of the file requested, time of the request, and the IP address of the machine requesting the file. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track site movement, and gather non-individually identifying demographic information.
Links to other websites
The ISIS Papyrus website may contain some links to other sites. Please be aware that ISIS Papyrus is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to the information collected by ISIS Papyrus.
Security
ISIS Papyrus takes precautions to protect your information. Access to all of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers that store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment.
Correction, Updating or Removing your personal information
ISIS Papyrus will make every attempt to keep your personal data accurate, complete and up to date. If your personal information is incorrect, changes or if you no longer wish to receive information from ISIS Papyrus, we will endeavor to correct, update or remove your information as swiftly as possible. This can be done by e-mailing to news@isis-papyrus.com with subject "Correct Contact Data".
Correct Contact Data
Direct Marketing
If you no longer wish to receive newsletters, promotional materials or information to workshops and the Papyrus certification program, you may opt-out of receiving these communications. You can do it by following the unsubscribe link placed in the footer of the promotional email or, if by post, by returning the letter to us with "unsubscribe" marked upon it. Or you send an e-mail with subject "unsubscribe" to news@isis-papyrus.com.
unsubscribe
Notification of Changes
ISIS Papyrus reserves the right to amend the privacy notice. In such case the ‘last updated’ date will be amended accordingly and you will be informed via statement prominently displayed on the website.
GDPR Compliance
ISIS Papyrus respects your right to privacy. We ensure all data is managed lawfully, fairly and transparently. We use third parties to also acquire data, we hold those parties to the same high standard. You have a right to be forgotten and can email us to dataprotection@isis-papyrus.com with subject "Delete GDPR" to request your personal data or any information related to privacy to be forgotten.
Delete GDPR
Data Storage and Retention
The personal data we hold is stored on ISIS Papyrus servers in Austria (EU). ISIS Papyrus retains data for the duration of the customer’s business relationship with ISIS Papyrus. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure, please contact the data protection team at dataprotection@isis-papyrus.com.
Transfer
The internet is a global environment. The data that we collect from you may also be processed by our international staff, who may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your application and the provision of support services.
ISIS Papyrus will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
If you do not consent to this transfer, storing or processing of your personal information please email news@isis-papyrus.com indicating your wishes.
Use of Site. ISIS Papyrus ("ISIS Papyrus") authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Web site ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For purposes of these Terms, any use of these materials on any other Web site or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Privacy. ISIS Papyrus respects the privacy of our customers and visitors to our Web site.
Use of Software. If you download software from this Site ("Software"), use of the Software is subject to the license terms in the Software License Agreement that accompanies or is provided with the Software. You may not download or install the Software until you have read and accepted the terms of the Software License Agreement.
User Submissions. Any material, information or other communication you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary ("Communications"). ISIS Papyrus will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. ISIS Papyrus and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
User Chat Rooms. ISIS Papyrus may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where users transmit or post Communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums, and the content of any such Communications. ISIS Papyrus, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.
Links To Other Web Sites. Links to third party Web sites on this Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. ISIS Papyrus has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, ISIS Papyrus does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Disclaimer. THE MATERIALS PROVIDED AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. ISIS Papyrus further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials at this Site. ISIS Papyrus may make changes to the materials at this Site, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials at this Site may be out of date, and ISIS Papyrus makes no commitment to update the materials at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Consult your local ISIS Papyrus business contact for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL ISIS Papyrus, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ALL COSTS THEREOF. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights. Government users will receive no greater than Restricted Rights as defined in FAR 52.227-14, FAR 52.227-19(c)(1-2) (Jun 1987) or DFAR 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (Oct 1988), DFAR 252.221-7015(c) (May 1991), DFAR 252.227-7014, or DFAR 252.227-7018 as applicable in any Software at this Site. Government users will secure no greater than limited rights as defined in FAR 52.227-14, DFAR 252.227-7015, DFAR 252.227-7018, or DFAR 252.227-7013 as applicable in any technical data at this Site.
Applicable Laws. This Site is administered by ISIS Papyrus from its offices in Maria Enzersdorf, Austria. ISIS Papyrus makes no representation that materials at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside of Austria, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation Austrian export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside of Austria, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Austria, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
General. ISIS Papyrus may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.