https://www.teen-chat.org/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy for teen-chat.org
The following is the privacy policy for our website, teen-chat.org. We value the privacy of all our members and this policy is to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
Teen Chat requires users to be 13 years or older in order to chat. Teen Chat will never require users to submit any more personal information other than what is required for activity participation. Users under the age of 13 are not allowed to participate on this website.
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. This information is used for tracking purposes only and are not and cannot be used to obtain personal information about you.
Teen Chat does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. The only information recorded is the IP address of each visitor. This information will never be shared or sold. All users known to be under the age of 13 will be IP banned.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Teen Chat contains links to other chat sites. Teen Chat is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Teen Chat makes free chat rooms available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information to others. This site does not collect any personal information from the chat rooms that can personally identify you in any way. Chat conversations are NOT recorded or archived.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this Website, you may contact us using our feedback form.