http://www.sxc.hu/terms
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Find out more here. Got it!
About Us
Contact Us
Send a Message
Report a Bug
Legal
Content License
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
FAQ
Terms of Use
The following is a legal agreement between You and the owners and operators of freeimages.com ("Website"), Getty Images International ("freeimages", "We"). By using the Website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree with the Terms of use, please do not use the Website.
This agreement may be revised or updated without notice. You are advised to review it regularly.
The use of this Website
You warrant that you are of legal age to use the Website and to create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur as a result of the use of the Website. You agree that you are responsible for all of your use of the site including for the use of your account by others.
The Website contains images uploaded by its members. All images and their descriptions and presentation in general ("Images") on the Website are the property of either freeimages and/or its members and are protected by international copyright laws. Use of these Images without license is prohibited.
The use of Images identified as ‘free images’ are governed by the Image license agreement.  Premium images and images from iStock by Getty Images are subject to the legal terms set out on the iStock website.
Freeimages and its members do their best to provide accurate information on Images and on the services of the Website, however against all our efforts there can be some typographical and technical errors on it. Freeimages cannot be held liable for any losses or damages resulting from the inaccurary of any information on the Website.
Uploading Images
Both parties acknowledge that from time to time You may upload photographs or graphics to the Website, and freeimages will screen these uploads to see if they are suitable for distribution. The policies behind this procedure are described in the Upload rules section of the Help.
You authorize freeimages to be your non-exclusive agent that licenses Images FOR FREE to third parties. You authorize freeimages to market and sublicense the right to copy, reproduce, modify and use your Images on such terms as may be determined by Freeimages.
Freeimages agrees that it shall not license your content for uses that are defamatory, pornographic or otherwise illegal. Freeimages agrees not to sell these Images under any circumstances and not to distribute them outside the Website.
You acknowledge that under no circumstances can you demand money from freeimages or those using the Images for the use of said Images. You may ask payment for a higher resolution version of an Image but only if it's not stored on the Website.
You also acknowledge that the Images may be used for promotional purposes for the Website or your gallery on freeimages.
Furthermore, You acknowledge that freeimages does not allow the upload of Images that infringe on any copyright, property right, trademark or any other applicable right.
You are solely responsible for the Images you upload. By uploading Images, you are warranting that you own all proprietary rights or are the authorized representative of the applicable copyright owner(s) of such Images, including copyright, in and to the Images with full power to grant the rights contemplated in this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you have obtained a valid and binding model release from all required parties in substantially the same form as [model release] that will permit the uses for such Images contemplated in this Agreement and that you will keep the original release and provide a copy to freeimages if requested. You also warrant that where required by applicable law, you have also obtained a valid and binding release in substantially the same form as [property release] relating to identifiable property contained in the Images that might sensibly lead to the identity of or be required by the owner of such property.
You acknowledge that even though We do our best to prevent it from happening, freeimages cannot be held responsible for the misuse or abuse of any Image.
We also reserve the right to remove any approved Image at any time if we believe it is defective, of poor quality or infringe on any right. Serious copyright infringement issues such as uploading Images found on other stock photography sites result in the termination of this Agreement, the termination of your membership, and all other available remedies.
Termination
Both parties can terminate your membership account for any reason with a written notice and proof of identity. Upon termination freeimages removes all your Images from the Website. You acknowledge that because of copyright infringement or other kinds of serious - or even malicious - acts, you may face more serious consequences.
Privacy policy
We have adopted the privacy policy of our affiliate company Getty Images.
Cookie policy
Freeimages uses "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize and improve your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive or device. Cookies contain information, including personal information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. The information that cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, your registration information, session identification number and your navigational history and preferences.
Cookies offer you many conveniences:
They allow us to identify registered users when they return to the site so that they can retrieve previous image search results, access Lightboxes and shopping baskets and view their previous invoices.
Cookies save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information.
Cookies allow us to deliver personalised content to you, including search results and targeted advertising.
Cookies help to protect your security by checking your login details and may help prevent fraud.
Cookies remember your preferences when using the site.
Cookies also identify particular customers in the event such customers would like assistance from a live, online customer service representative.
We strive to make this site user-friendly and relevant. Our goal is to deliver more personalised products and services to you.
For this purpose, Getty Images also works with third-party partners, who use cookies on our site to:
Measure and analyse aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our users on our site. Information gathered may include, but is not limited to the following: activity of the user browser when the user is visiting the site, the site path of users, general information regarding the visitor’s Internet service provider and host, and the time users come to the site.
Remember our users’ previous search of products and services, and dynamically display more relevant content to them.
Record users’ behaviour on our site, such as pages visited, emails clicked, forms completed and products and services purchased to create customised advertisements and communications that better meet your needs.
Evaluate user traffic and behaviour on the site to compile activity reports for our internal use only.
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve our products and services.
Identify users arriving at the site via a referral from an affiliate website or sponsored link.
This privacy policy covers the collection of information and use of cookies by freeimages only, and does not cover the use of cookies or other technologies by third parties to collect information. If you would like to know more about this practice and your choices about not having this information used by third-parties, please visit www.networkadvertising.org or email us by using this form at http://www.freeimages.com/contact
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. Please be aware that the site is optimally designed to operate with cookies enabled in your internet browser. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our sites and services that depend on cookies but you will be able to perform basic navigation through the site. Disabling cookies may negatively impact your experience of the site.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless freeimages and its officers, employees, shareholders, directors and suppliers against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to a breach of this Agreement, the use of this site and the use or the inability of use of any Image, your failure to abide by any restriction regarding the use of an Image, or any claim by a third party related to the use of an Image.
Warranty and Liability
THE WEBSITE AND THE IMAGES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". WE OFFER NO WARRANTY, EXPLICIT OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ANY IMAGES, THE WEBSITE, THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION, OR ANY RIGHTS OR LICENSES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FREEIMAGES DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE IMAGES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THEIR USE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.
FREEIMAGES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY GENERAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, COSTS OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR THE IMAGES.
Copyright Infringement Policy
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable laws, Getty Images has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Getty Images' sole discretion, account holders who infringe the intellectual property rights of Getty Images or any third party.
Copyright Complaints
If you believe that any material on the Site infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below:
Copyright Agent
Getty Images Legal Department
605 5th Ave South, Suite 400
Seattle, Washington 98104
Phone: (206) 925-5000
Fax: (206) 925-5623
E-mail: copyright@gettyimages.com