https://www.kelros.com/privacy-statement/
My Bookings
Home > Privacy Statement Privacy Statement
Cookies & Internet Advertising
Visiting our website with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you want to use our products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies to provide them to you as described in this notice.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s local storage through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and allow our site navigation to function.
Browser Settings
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Internet Advertising
Personal details stored by Kelros will not be passed on to any third party for marketing or any other purpose unless explicitly agreed with the individual. Kelros do not retain credit card details. Individuals are welcome to enquire about details that we hold about them and we will respond within 10 working days. The above statements are in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act (1984).
Discover How We Deliver Social Collaboration To The Entire Enterprise:
Finance
Human Resources
Sales & Marketing
Operations
Case Studies
How can manufacturers use collaboration to drive global growth?
Download our infographic showing how Vispring, a leading UK manufacturer of luxury beds is working with Kelros to use its dual entitlement licences to migrate from IBM Domino to IBM Verse and IBM Connections Cloud.
Franchise business OSCAR was using a fragmented combination of Lotus Notes and personal email addresses to communicate with customers and each other.
Kelros introduced IBM Verse to bring all email and calendar systems under the company brand – enabling more informed sales, and setting OSCAR apart.
Kelros helps Westlea Housing Association raise the standard.
See all case studies
Kelros Insights
Panagenda MarvelClient
09.08.2020 |
0
Comments
Top 10 Things You Need to Know About Domino Volt
07.05.2020 |
0
Comments
See all Insight articles
Get in Touch
72 Shrivenham Hundred, Swindon, Wiltshire SN6 8TY
01793 784666
INFO@KELROS.COM
x
Demo request
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Fields marked with an * are required
Which product demo(s) do you require?
x
Proposal request