http://www.koretech.com/kore_privacy
Kore's Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Revised: August 11, 2014
This Privacy Policy covers our use and disclosure of information we collect on our website. All data collected is owned by Kore Technologies, and by using the Kore Technologies website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Information We Collect
We collect personally identifiable information on our website such as: your name, organization, e-mail address, home or work address and telephone number when you submit forms, request information and/or send an email to us.
We automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software such as: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used to improve website content, maintain service quality and to provide us statistics regarding use of our website.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Our website uses text files called "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer or mobile device. Cookies help us "remember" the web pages you visit, your account log-in information, and when you come back to our website. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies through your web browser. If you decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all of the interactive features we provide.
Web beacons are used on our website and email. Web beacons are electronic images used to monitor web activity, how the site is used, and if an email has been opened and/or acted upon. Web beacons are another method we use to gauge the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and the content and quality of our website.
Third Party Analytics
We may use third party applications like Google Analytics, to help us collect information about our website. These companies may use their own cookies and Web beacons. You may opt-out of Google Analytics on our website by installing a browser plug-in from Google. For more information refer to the Google Privacy Center.
Use of your Information
By communicating electronically, you will receive direct communications from us that include but are not limited to:
Company News
Product Releases
Account Service Information
Electronic Transactional Receipts
Requested Information
Customer service requests
Conferences and events
If/when you make changes to your personally identifiable information
Kore Technologies does not use or disclose sensitive personally identifiable information without your explicit consent.
We may use your personal information to, among other things:
Improve and operate our website.
Provide customer service
Communicate with you by email, phone, postal mail, or other ways about promotions, company news, events, and/or special offers that pertain to you.
Contact you for survey requests for internal research purposes to determine customer interest, opinions, and other feedback regarding current products and services or potential new products and/or services that may or may not be offered in the future.
Keep a customer database and other business/transaction records for a reasonable period of time.
Send you business communications including confirmations, account updates, maintenance services, and other administrative messages.
Meet legal, insurance, security or other regulation requirements required by law.
We do not sell, rent or lease client lists to third parties for profit. We, from time-to-time, may share your personal information with third-parties for business, legal, and/or marketing and advertising purposes. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Kore Technologies, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Examples of how the collected information is shared include, but are not limited to the following:
Third-Parties for legal purposes: In response to a subpoena, court order or other request from a law enforcement or government agency; to protect and defend the rights and/or property of Kore Technologies, and/or other circumstances required by law.
Third-Party Marketing Services: The information is used by the service providers to contact you on our behalf about products, services, and/or surveys.
Social Media
We use third party social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn as an additional means of reaching our clients, business associates and members of the public for directing people to www.KoreTech.com, the official website of Kore Technologies.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes Social Media widgets and buttons such as the Facebook "Like" button and the Twitter and LinkedIn "follow" buttons. These sites likely collect and record information if you use those buttons. For more information refer to the privacy policies of Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.
Opt-Out
If you do not wish to be contacted electronically by us and/or our third party partners you may opt-out at anytime. You may opt-out in the following ways...
Email support@Koretech.com
Call 866-763-KORE
By clicking "unsubscribe" feature at the bottom of every email as required by law.
Send a written request to:
Kore Technologies, LLC
5186 Carroll Canyon Road, Suite B
San Diego, CA 92121
For business communications contact us by phone or email so we can best service your request.
Security of Personal Information
We store your personally identifiable information in a controlled and secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. If you have any questions about security on our website contact us at support@koretech.com.
Client Testimonials
We obtain client consent via email prior to posting the testimonials, comments and reviews on our website. The testimonials, comments and/or reviews may contain personally identifiable information and if a client wishes to have it removed they may do so by the opt-out options described in this policy.
Changes to this Statement
We may update this policy from time-to-time. Refer to the "revised date" listed at the top of this policy. If we intend to use or disclose personal information in any way materially different than what we say in this policy we will notify you by the email specified in your account.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this policy or if you believe that Kore Technologies has not adhered to this Statement of Privacy please contact:
Kore Technologies
P.O. Box 26760
San Diego, California 92196-0760
P: 866-763-KORE
F: 858-300-2600