http://www.timesys.com/privacy-policy/
Login   |
1.866.392.4897
|
sales@timesys.com
Timesys Privacy Policy
March 1, 2017
Timesys Corporation (“Timesys”) respects your privacy.
We describe our privacy practices in this Privacy Policy so that you understand what Personal Information we collect about you and your company, and how we use such information.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” as used in the Privacy Policy refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains.
This includes information that is linked with personally identifiable information from other sources, or from which other personally identifiable information can easily be derived.
Personal Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personal Information does Timesys collect and how?
When you register on our Web Site, we will ask you for certain Personal Information such as, for example, your name, company name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
We may also ask you to complete a questionnaire about your company and provide information such as type of company, size of company, and information related to your potential interest in Timesys and our products.
If you send Timesys correspondence through e-mail, in the course of technical support, or through any other means, or if other users or third parties such as businesses send us information about your activities in connection with your use of our Web Site, Timesys may retain that information subject to this Privacy Policy.
Timesys may use cookies, or functionally equivalent technology, to collect certain information about you based upon your behavior while visiting our Web Site.
This information may include the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that you just came from (whether this URL is on the site or not), which URL you
next go to (whether this URL is on the site or not), what browser you are using, your IP address, and your e-mail address. Certain features of our Web Site may be available only through the use of such tools. For example, cookies allow us to recognize you on your return visits to our Web Site and eliminate the need for you to register to receive software downloads each time you visit our Web Site. Cookies can also help us provide you with product and general information that is targeted to your particular interests. Cookies are stored on your local machine, not on the site. You are always free to decline cookies if your web browser has this functionality, although if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features on our Web Site which are dependent on the information those cookies collect, and you may be required to reenter certain information more frequently during a session.
Who collects this information?
Timesys collects this information, and may use the services of a third party web site host who operates, manages and maintains our Web Site. Any such web site host acts solely as an agent of Timesys in the collection of such information and is required to comply with this Privacy Policy. Timesys does not sell, rent or share Personal Information except in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How does Timesys use Personal Information?
We use the information you provide through the registration process: to provide you with the information and products you request; to communicate with you on matters relating to our Web Site and your account with us (if any); to understand your interests and requirements, as well as those of our other visitors in order to develop and provide new products and services; and to provide you with information about related products or services. If you provide credit card information to purchase any products, we will use that information solely for purposes of charging your account for the related fees. We will disclose to you any such fees prior to charging your account and request your approval (by clicking agreement).
Information that is automatically collected regarding your activities while visiting our Web Site is used to enhance your interactive experience during your visit. Use of this information helps us to better understand and immediately respond to your particular interests while you navigate our site.
This information as well as demographic information derived from your registration and others may be aggregated and shared with associates and third parties, but only in aggregated form that does not contain any Personal Information.
In addition, Timesys uses information maintained about you, and other information obtained from your current and past activities to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and, if necessary, to enforce our rights.
At times, Timesys may review the information of multiple users to identify problems or to resolve disputes.
What choices are available regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information?
You may at any time choose to disclose or not disclose the Personal Information we request; however, if you choose not to disclose the requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the products, information or services you request.
If you do not wish to receive certain communications from Timesys or its associates, such as marketing communications, you may opt out by declining the service offered or informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications by contacting us at the e-mail address of U.S. mail address listed at the end of this privacy Policy.
We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request unless such communications are necessary for the administration of your account, required by law, or necessary to protect our rights.
Who does Timesys share Personal Information with?
Timesys will not sell your Personal Information to third parties in the normal course of its business, however, Timesys may disclose your Personal Information to its distributors, affiliates, and other business associates for purposes of providing you with updates and other information related to your fields of interest. If you do not wish to receive such information, please notify us by contacting us at the e-mail address of U.S. mail address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Timesys may disclose your credit card information to financial institutions involved with the processing of your credit card transactions solely to facilitate your payments and/or credits related to your product or service purchases. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information to certain intermediaries (third party services providers, such as web site hosts, who do not store, retain or use your Personal Information) solely to the extent necessary to provide the products, information and services you request through Timesys.
Timesys will disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena or other court order.
In the event of a corporate restructuring, sale of assets, merger, divestiture and other changes of control or financial status affecting Timesys, Personal Information could, be disclosed or sold as an incidental result of a transfer of assets by operation of law or otherwise.
Timesys will not use or disclose your Personal Information in any way except as specified in this Privacy Policy with your prior written or active e-mail consent.
How does Timesys or its providers protect the security of Personal Information?
Our Web Site employs a number of current technology security measures to protect the security of Personal Information. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
All Personal Information is stored in password protected storage facilities, accessible only to authorized personnel.
However, although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot completely assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
How can I correct any inaccuracies in my Personal Information?
You may at any time request access to the Personal Information we have collected about you, and may request corrections or updates to that information. Timesys will make reasonable efforts to respond
promptly to all such requests, but reserves the right to limit such requests to two per year per individual. You may e-mail your request
to legal@timesys.com.
In addition, you may at any time request Timesys to delete/deactivate your Personal Information by sending a request to the above e-mail address. Please allow at least thirty (30) days for us to fully implement such requests. In the event that we are unable to physically delete all Personal Information, we will deactivate such information, e.g., we will maintain it in a secure area, but will not use, transfer, sell or disclose the Personal Information to any third party.
Additional Information:
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by Timesys.
Any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites, if any.
We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit.
It is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your Personal Information, and Timesys and affiliates shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your Personal Information by any third party.
You should also be aware that if you submit information to “chat rooms,” “forums” or “message boards” such information becomes public information, meaning that you lose any privacy rights you might have in that information.
Such disclosures may also increase your chances of receiving unwanted communications.
Timesys reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy on our Web Site. However, if we change our Privacy Policy to permit a new use or disclosure of Personal Information, we will not so use or disclose your Personal Information collected prior to posting of the new policy unless we first notify you via e-mail of the new policy and provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the new use or disclosure provisions.
You may at any time print, download, or request a printed copy of this Privacy Policy. If you believe that this policy has been violated, please contact Timesys at 1905 Boulevard of the Allies, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219, or by e-mail to legal@timesys.com. Our response to such inquiries may be limited to information under our direct control.
This website uses cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. To avoid the collection of cookie-based information, you can visit this site with cookies turned off in your browser.  OKRead More