http://www.trihedral.com/terms-of-use
What is VTScada Software?
Free SCADA Software
SCADA Software Pricing
SCADA Software Licensing
SCADA Features
Industries Using VTScada
Software and Support Testimonials
Installation Maps
SCADA System Recommendations
Request a Quote
This website is owned and maintained by Trihedral Engineering Limited (“Trihedral”, and “we”). The following terms of use apply to any person (“you”) accessing or using this website or any website linked to this Website and operated by us, or a subsidiary or affiliated company of Trihedral (the “Website”). By using the Website, you agree to abide by these terms of use. Authorized access to the Website is conditional upon the acceptance of the terms of use by you.
From time to time, we may change these terms and conditions. It is your responsibility to become aware of, and comply with, the set of terms of use which are current at the time of access of the Website, by reference to this notice webpage.
We will make every reasonable effort to ensure that all content of this Website is current and accurate. We have included in the Website links to websites operated by third parties solely for the convenience of our customers and other persons using the Website, and we do not imply any endorsement or association with those parties.
Although we believe all material presented on the Website is true and correct, we cannot accept responsibility for any errors or inaccuracy in statements which appear on the Website, or for the content of third party websites which may be linked to the Website. As a user of the Website, we expect you to exercise due diligence in the examination of and use of the Website content to prevent loss or damage. Our obligations to our customers with respect to the licensing, specifications and performance of our software products and our standards of professional service are governed exclusively by the terms of our software licenses and agreements for provision of services.
In using the Website, you are not permitted to employ any system or technical means which would adversely affect the commercial value of the Website to Trihedral, or diminish or deny the functional use of the Website by others.
The information and features we present on the Website are provided for the purpose of assisting our customers and informing the public concerning the software and professional services available from Trihedral. The alteration, distribution or publication of content or software obtained from the Website for commercial advantage, and the use of the Website or information derived from the Website for any unlawful purpose is prohibited.
Trihedral, VTS, VTScada and associated graphic designs are trademarks of Trihedral and are protected by law from unauthorized commercial use by others. Third party trademarks which may appear in the Website content are referenced only as descriptive terms, and are the intellectual property of the respective owners of such marks.
In the determination of any issue involving us and concerning the Website or the terms of use, you agree that the governing law will be that of Nova Scotia and Canada, and that the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia will have exclusive jurisdiction over the adjudication of the matter.
© Trihedral Engineering Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
TEL Website TOU v1.0 2013-06-05
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
VTScada Software License Agreement
Get Notified When a New Version of VTScada is Released
×
Name *
Email *
Country *
State/Area
Industry
I consent to receiving email notifications from Trihedral.**
* Required fields. ** Email Privacy Policy
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Close