http://www.eyemg.com/cms/privacy/index.html
Home
About
Why eyemg?
We're open source!
Our personality
Meet our team
Peek inside
Our data centers
Doing good
Awards
Latest news
We're Hiring!
Our history
Services
Web design
Responsive web design
Web development
Content management
Wordpress
Hosting and co-location
Search engine strategy
Social media integration
Identity design
Our process
Our Work
Client testimonials
Our latest projects
Web design
Responsive sites
App development
Mobile websites
Intranets & Extranets
Custom development
Identity design
Meet our clients
Free quote
Contact
Contact us
Get a free quote
Emergency?
Data center alerts
Staff directory
Getting to eyemg
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Edited on February 6, 2020EYEMG.com LLC is the owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to others.  If you provide us with your contact information, we will contact you to assist you in any way possible, and you will receive email broadcasts from us regarding new opportunities. You may opt out of our email distribution list at any time.  If you do not wish to receive our e-mails, please contact us at info@eyemg.com or 330-434-7873. This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When filling in contact forms on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City Usage DataHow do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)How do we protect your information?We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.Personal information is processed through a secure TLS email gateway and are not stored on our web servers.Do we use 'cookies'?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.      • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If users disable cookies in their browser:If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for statistical, marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.CCPA PrivacyYour Rights under the CCPAUnder this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights: The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used. The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes. The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by email or telephone.
The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected The sources from which the Personal Data was collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your Consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection RightsIn order to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us by email or telephone.The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageYou can change your personal information:      • By contacting us. If we have your information, we will change that information at your request.How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We cannot honor Do Not Track signals. Therefore, we may track, plant cookies, and use advertising even when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. Wecannot honor them because there is no universally-agreed upon standard for what a company should do when it detects a DNT signal.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify the users via in-site notification within 7 business daysWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions      • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@eyemg.com. Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.EYEMG.com LLC190 North Union Street, Suite 300Akron, Ohio 44304Phone: 330-434-7873Fax: 330-253-2186info@eyemg.com
We want to work with you!
We are always looking to work with companies that have great products, services and people.
Get a Free Quote
socialize with us
GET IN TOUCH
eyemg - Akron
190 N Union St#300
Akron, Ohio 44304
Map & Directions
Email us
Online Form
Privacy Policy
Phone: 330-434-7873
After hours:
330-294-1058
Fax: 330-253-2186
Emergency Contacts
eyemg - Cleveland
1900 Westlake Ave #1206
Lakewood, Ohio 44107
Map & Directions
Phone: 216-245-1015
Community Involvement