https://www.softzsolutions.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
By browsing our website, you agree to comply with the following Terms and Conditions outlined in this document. These, in conjunction with our Privacy Policy, govern the relationship between you and Softz Solutions while you are viewing or using this website.
When using this website, you are bound to these Terms of Use
Softz Solutions reserves the right to change any of the content on this website at any time. The content is there for your information and convenience, should you choose to view it.
We do not provide any guarantee as to the timeliness, accuracy, performance, suitability, or completeness of the information offered or found on this site for any purpose. The user or viewer or ‘you’ agree that such information may contain errors or inaccuracies and acknowledge that we expressly exclude liability for any such errors or inaccuracies to the fullest permissible extent of the law.
The use of materials or information on this website is at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It is the viewer’s or user’s responsibility to ensure that the products and the services on this page herein meet your specific requirements.
This information and material on this website are owned by and licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, articles, copy, layout, design, look, graphics, and appearances. Reproduction is strictly prohibited, unless in adherence to the copyright notice, which is a part of these terms and conditions.
Softz Solutions acknowledges all trademarks used in this website that are not licensed to, or the property of, the website owner.
Unauthorized use of this website may give to a claim for damages and be construed as a criminal offence.
This site contains links to other websites. For information on outbound links, read our Privacy Policy. It governs the relationship between you and Softz Solutions while you are viewing or using this website. We are not responsible for any damages, loss of information, collection of information or content on any website that is not our own, even if you, as the user, follow a link from our site to any other website in question.
You must not create a link to this website, whether it is from another website, document, or other media, without Softz Solutions’ express prior written consent.
The (your) use of this website and any dispute regarding this website or document are subject to the laws of India.