https://www.wherescape.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions | WhereScape
Solutions
Data Automation Software
WhereScape 3D
WhereScape RED
WhereScape Data Vault Express
Automation for Snowflake
Automation for Teradata
Supported Platforms
Data-Driven Projects
Big Data Integration
Cloud Data Warehouse Automation
Data Mart Automation
Data Warehouse Automation
Data Vault Automation
Streaming Data Automation
Customers
By Region
EMEA
Americas
Asia Pacific
By Industry
Entertainment
Healthcare
Financial/ Insurance
Transportation
Utilities
Manufacturing
Construction
B2C
Marketing Services
B2B
Government
Agriculture
Technology
Education
Retail
By Platform
Microsoft Azure
Snowflake
Microsoft SQL Server
Oracle
Teradata
SAP
Amazon Redshift
Greenplum
Netezza
Partners
By Region
Americas
Asia Pacific
EMEA
By Partner Type
Technology Partners
Implementation Partners
Resources
All Resources
Data Heroes
News & Press
Events
Blog
Support
Login
Request a Demo
Terms & Conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the WhereScape website, and thank you for taking the time to read these Terms and Conditions, which apply to your use of our website.
By using the website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Some material on this website, including trademarks, is owned by third parties. If the copyright owner of any material (including trademarks and logos) published on this website is not WhereScape or if you have accessed material via a link provided on this website, your rights regarding that material will be as defined by the copyright owner of the material concerned.
Except as set out above, all rights to this website (including rights in text, graphics, selection, arrangement and overall website design) are reserved and no right or license is granted or implied under any copyright, patent, trade mark or other intellectual property right of WhereScape or any other party as a consequence of the publication of any material on this website.
No material from this website may be published in any media (including electronic media) without written permission from WhereScape.
PURPOSE OF INFORMATION
Information on this website is primarily of an introductory nature. WhereScape endeavors to ensure that the information is correct and fairly stated, but does not accept liability for any error or omission.
The development of WhereScape products and services is continuous, and published information may not be up-to-date. Not all WhereScape products and services referred to in this website may be available in your country.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
All material published on this website is provided "AS IS", and WhereScape gives no warranty of any kind regarding it. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Any information identified as provided by a third party is made available by WhereScape in good faith, however, WhereScape accepts no responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
WhereScape (including our officers, employees and agents) will not be liable (whether in contract, tort or otherwise whatsoever) to you or any third party claiming through you, direct, indirect or consequential damage, loss or expense (including loss of profits, loss of data or revenue, lost business or missed opportunities) arising from the use of, or inability to use, our website or its contents.
LINKED WEBSITES
WhereScape has no responsibility regarding any material you obtain from any other website, even if you access it via a link from this website. You should check the privacy policies of these individual websites to see how your personal information will be utilized by the operators of those third party websites.
For Freshdesk privacy policy, please refer to: http://freshdesk.com/privacy
Solutions
Automation Software
Project Types
About Us
Customers
Partners
Blog
Events
News & Press
Resource Library
Reviews
About Us
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Login
Register
Contact Us
Partner Portal
Support
Legal
© 2020 WhereScape Inc.
Sitemap
This site uses cookies in order to improve your website experience. You can learn more here.
OK