http://www.bbconsult.co.uk/aboutus/privacypolicy/
About Us
Privacy Policy
Blueberry has produced this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to respecting your privacy and personal information. The policy below outlines the information that we may collect and how we may use it.
Who are We?
Blueberry Consultants is a custom software development company formed in early 1997. Blueberry’s head office is at The Bond, 180-182 Fazeley Street, Birmingham, West Midlands B5 5SE. The registered address is 5 Clarendon Place, Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, CV32 5QL.
How we Gather and use Personal Information
Customers:As a nominated contact for a customer of Blueberry Consultants Ltd, we store and process:Your contact details.Communication sent between us.These are processed for the purpose of project management and/or billing. This information will be retained for three years after your last communication with us.This information is processed under the basis of Article 6(1)(f) – legitimate interest, of the EU general data protection regulation 2016/679 (GDPR). These regulations provide you with rights to request access to the information we hold about you, to request rectification of the information we hold about you, to erase the data we hold about you, to object to the processing of your information, and to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.We use data storage services provided by Amazon and email services provided by Microsoft. The data is physically held within the European Union and is not transferred outside the European Union. Data will not be used for the purpose of automated decision making.To enquire further about this statement, please reach us using the details at https://www.bbconsult.co.uk/contactusWebsite Visitors:We use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.Blueberry Consultants will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (e.g. name, address, e-mail address) without you expressly agreeing to provide it to us. We will ask permission to collect information if you sign up for any of our newsletters or online demonstrations so we can send you the information you have requested or other news items that you may be interested in. We may store and process this information to better understand your legitimate interest in our services and to personalise your experience. We may also monitor user traffic patterns and use of our site with this information to help improve our service to you.
Who Has Access to Your Information?
Blueberry Consultants will not give or sell your personal information to any outside organisation for that organisation’s own use without your consent. We may on occasion, team up with other businesses to enable us to provide special services to you during which we will use this information, but you will be expressly asked to opt-in to this new processing beforehand. Blueberry Consultants may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to a) conform with the law, or; b) protect and defend the rights or property of Blueberry, the site or the users of Blueberry sites.
How Long Your Information Is Kept
We will retain your personal information until you have not communicated with us for three years. We securely delete personal information as soon as requested by the customer.
Updating or Changing Information we Collect
The accuracy of your information is important to us. To review or edit the information in our database, please contact us at https://www.bbconsult.co.uk/contactus
Our Use of Cookies
Blueberry uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We can also use these cookies to record how often you visit the site and the areas you visit within it. Although they can identify a user’s computer, cookies themselves do not personally identify users. You can set your browser to refuse cookies if you wish to. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Blueberry website.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control and personal information collected by us is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public.
Your Rights
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information/data that we hold. You have the following rights:the right to ask what personal data that we hold about you at any time;the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about; and(as set out above) the right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you or delete the personal information/data entirely.the right to object to the processing of your information, andthe right to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
GDPR
Talk to Us
We're easy to talk to - tell us what you need.
Don't worry if you don't know about the technical stuff, we will happily discuss your ideas and advise you.
Birmingham:  0121 285 6404
London:  020 3867 9404
Stroud:  01242 650404
Email:  enquiries@bbconsult.co.uk
Enquiry Form
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Site Map