http://www.globalgold.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Domain names. Search Now
96% Chat satisfaction
(we are working on the other 4%)
read more
Find your dream domain name now
Easy to setup lightning fast email!
First class great value web hosting
Your new website custom made!
Web HostingUK based Web Hosting from £2.99
Custom Website DesignBuilt and designed in the UK
UK Dedicated ServersFrom £27.99 per month
Cloud ServersWith firewall management £19.99 pm
Easyspace provides Domain names, Web Hosting, Microsoft 365, Email Hosting, Dedicated Servers & UK Support
Domain Names
only £10.19/pm
Over 500 Domain extensions
Free email trial or forwarding
Domain Protection & Privacy
Full DNS Management - FREE
Domain names
Domain Names Information
Choose your domain names with Easyspace and you will receive a number of excellent benefits including FREE DNS management, access to domain privacy, free email and email forwarding.
Easyspace is one of the few ICANN accredited registrars in the UK. We have been trusted for almost two decades to manage domain names on behalf of our customers.Domain names
Microsoft 365
only £3.95/pm
Free UK Support
Free Managed Migration
Full choice of packages
Manage easily online
Microsoft 365
Microsoft 365 information
Microsoft 365 helps you to reduce costs, embrace the cloud, and use powerful business-ready tools across desktops, laptops, and mobile devices.
You can access your email, documents, calendar and contacts anytime, anywhere, making it easy to communicate and collaborateMicrosoft 365
Web Hosting
from £2.99/pm
Business grade UK hosting
UK based 24x7 Support
PHP 7
Secure and up to date
Web Hosting
UK Web hosting information
You've spent many hours nurturing your ideas and your designs and now you need a host who is equally committed to caring for them.
We've tailored our hosting to your needs: Simple pricing, simple setup and plain simple advice from our UK support teams - when you need it.
Web Hosting
Dedicated Servers
only £27.99/pm
UK Data centres - Full control
Lowest prices in the UK
Latest Operating Systems
UK Based Support
Dedicated Servers
Dedicated Servers - Information
Easyspace Dedicated Servers are perfect for designers and agencies and individuals who need reliabile resilience with genuine cost effective products.
We offer a full range of ongoing support and management options, from a basic foundation level for more confident customers to an advanced managed service.
Dedicated Servers
UK Cloud Servers
from £14.99/pm
SSD Based - Self-healing Cloud
Pay monthly - Pay as you go
UK Based Dedicated Cloud
FULL control panel
Cloud Servers
Cloud Servers - Information
Easyspace Cloud Servers are built on a resilient self healing platform based in the our UK Datacentres.
We offer a full range of Operating Systems, Control-panels and self-management options including Reboots - Re-image and fully loaded Cloud control panel as standard. Cloud Servers
Website Design
from £299
Full Design Consultation
Custom built in the UK - no templates
Mobile & Tablet friendly
Delivered and online in weeks
Web Design
UK Website design - Information
Easyspace has years of experience offering affordable website design services to businesses and individuals throughout the UK.
Every website we build is carefully designed to make your business stand out against your competitors, and is created from scratch by our dedicated, UK-based design and development team. Web Design
our mission?To be there when you need us!
Domain Name Registrations from £10.19
Easyspace Domain names come backed with the assurance from ICANN - the world body for the governance of Domain names. We host a full range of domain name extensions with domain protection features.
Domain Name Registration
Dedicated Servers from £27.99
A full range of pre-built and custom UK based Dedicated Servers. Our Dedicated servers are racked & ready to go and come complete with quick setup &dash UK Infrastructure &dash and a full range of options.
Dedicated Servers
WordPress optimised UK Web Hosting
Easyspace operate a dedicated hosting platform just for WordPress users. Complete with a range of features designed to make your website perform the way you designed it.
WordPress Web Hosting
Get Exchange email and the latest Office apps
Set your business free with Microsoft 365. Easy to setup - easy to manage and available anywhere. Reduce your software and email license costs in one simply package.
Microsoft 365
"Easyspace email hosting services are perfect for anyone seeking a reliable, robust and easy to use email solution. Send and receive business email securely via desktop, webmail or mobile, using your own domain name!"
Logic3
Why Choose Easyspace?Easyspace are the number 1 choice for uk web hosting
Welcome setup calls for new customers.
Brilliant talented staff – at your disposal.
10 self-owned UK Data centres & Network.
Support staff based in our data centres.
UK based - and proudly so.
Glasgow
Data Centre
Click for more info
St. Asaph
Data Centre
Click for more info
Manchester Data Centre
Click for more info
Nottingham
Data Centre
Click for more info
Leicester
Data Centre
Click for more info
Maidenhead
Data Centre
Click for more info
London
Data Centre
Click for more info
Gosport
Data Centre
Click for more info
= Easyspace UK data centre
Industry accreditations – ICANN, ISO, PCI etc.
Massive investment in web hosting architecture.
Over 12 years web hosting experience.
Financial stability and transparency.
100% network uptime – 100% Satisfaction.
Need more information? Click here for a callback
Control Panel
Webmail
Contact us