https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-siri-help-1994303
Apple
Apple
Macs
iPad
Tweet
Share
Email
Did you know your iPad comes with a personal assistant? Siri is capable of scheduling events, setting reminders, setting timers, and even booking reservations at your favorite restaurants. In fact, Siri extends a lot of the functionality of the iPad to your voice, including the ability to skip typing on the keyboard and take voice dictation instead.
How Do I Turn Siri On or Off?
Siri is probably already turned on for your device, but if not, you can activate or modify Siri by opening your iPad's Settings app, choosing General from the left-side menu and then selecting Siri from the general settings.
You can also turn on Hey Siri, which allows you to activate Siri by saying, "Hey Siri," rather than pressing down on the home button. For some iPads, "Hey Siri" will only work when the iPad is connected to a power source, and some older models do not have access to Hey Siri at all.
You can also use the Siri settings to change Siri's voice from female to male. You can even change her accent or language.
How Do I Use Siri?
You can activate Siri by holding down the Home Button on your iPad. After you press down for a few seconds, the iPad will beep at you and the screen will change to the Siri interface. The bottom of this interface has multicolored lines that indicate Siri is listening. Simply ask her a question to get started.
What Should I Ask Siri?
Siri is designed as a human language personal assistant. This means you should talk to her just like she was a human, and if she can do what you are asking, it should work. You can experiment by asking her almost anything. You might be surprised at just what she can understand or even some of the funny questions she can answer. Here are a few of the basics:
Find nearby restaurants and events: Just say or ask, "Find nearby pizza" or "What movies are playing?"Set a reminder: Just say, "Remind me to take the dog for a walk at 9 PM."Set a timer: Just say, "Timer 30 seconds." This one is great for cooking.Check the weather: With one word, just say, "Weather."Update your social media status: If you say, "Update my Facebook status to: Just watched Doctor Who and loved it," she will do exactly that. She can also tweet.Calculate a tip: "What's the tip for twenty dollars and seventeen cents?" Siri will give you the tip amount at 15 percent, 18 percent, and 20 percent.Answer complex questions and search the web: "Who wrote Harry Potter?"Open apps and play music: "Play Ed Sheeran" will play popular Ed Sheeran songs you have on your iPad. And if you have Apple Music, it will play a selection from the streaming service. You can even ask her to "play popular songs from the 60s."
Find out more about how Siri can make you more productive by reading about Siri's productivity capabilities.
How Can I Use Siri for Voice Dictation?
The iPad's keyboard has a special key with a microphone on it. If you tap this microphone, you will turn on the iPad's voice dictation feature. This feature is offered anytime you have one of the standard on-screen keyboards on the display, so you can use it in most apps. And voice dictation doesn't stop with words. You can insert a comma by saying "comma" and even command the iPad to "start a new paragraph."
How Does Siri Work?
Siri works by sending your voice to Apple's servers for an interpretation and then turning that interpretation into an action. Unfortunately, this means Siri will not work if you are not connected to the internet.
One major benefit of sending your voice to Apple is that the engine interpreting your voice commands is much more powerful than could exist on the iPad. It can "learn" your voice, picking up on your accent to better understand what you say, the more you use the service. You can even get your Mac to activate Siri by voice if you want.
Is Siri Better Than Google Personal Assistant, Microsoft Cortana, or Amazon Alexa?
Apple is known for setting trends and Siri is no different. Google, Amazon, and Microsoft have all developed their own voice recognition assistants. There's no easy way to judge which one is better, and for the most part, there's no real reason to pit them against each other.
The "best" personal assistant is the one you are tied to the most. If you mainly use Apple products, Siri will win out. She's tied into Apple Calendar, Notes, Reminders, and other iOS apps. On the other hand, if you mainly use Microsoft products, Cortana may work out better for you.
Perhaps the biggest factor is the device you are using at the time. You aren't going to use Siri to search your Windows-based PC. And if you have your iPad in your hands, opening up the Google app just to do a voice search is one step too many when you can just ask Siri.
More from Lifewire
Cool Siri Tricks That Are Both Useful and Fun
20 Ways Siri Can Help You Be More Productive
How to Use Siri on iPhone 12
How to Use Siri on the iPad
The 10 Best AirPod Commands
How to Use Apple Watch With Siri
How to Organize Your Life With Your iPad
How to Make Siri Mad
A New User's Guide to the iPad
Google Assistant: What It Is and How to Use It
How to Use Siri on a Mac
The Best Uses for the iPad
How to Use Your Apple Watch
How to Change Siri's Voice and Accent
Teach Siri to Pronounce Names and Use Nicknames
Siri vs. Google: Which Assistant Fits Your Needs?