https://www.actiontec.com/wifihelp/guide-to-moca/
Contact
Support
English
Chinese Traditional
Chinese Simplified
Japanese
Spanish
German
Your Complete MoCA® Guide
What is MoCA?
MoCA stands for Multimedia over Coax Alliance, which is an open industry standards consortium. It uses the existing coaxial cables already in most people’s homes to create an Ethernet-like “Internet Autobahn”. MoCA home networking technology will give you a reliable, ultra-high-speed connection over the existing coaxial wiring already in your home.
What is MoCA and why do I want it?
What is the difference between MoCA 1.0, 1.1, 2.0, and Bonded 2.0?
What is a coax network and how does it make my WiFi better?
How does MoCA work?
MoCA stands for Multimedia over Coax. It is a home networking technology that will give you an ultra-high-speed connection over the existing coaxial wiring already in your home. By simply using MoCA Network Adapters or MoCA WiFi Extenders, you can turn your home network into an “Internet Autobahn” with speeds of up to 1 Gbps*.
How does MoCA work?
MoCA makes WiFi Better
MoCA® might just be the best kept secret for giving your home network the WiFi boost it needs. WiFi Network Extenders with MoCA® can take your WiFi from “OK” to speeds up to 900 Mbps. Actiontec’s MoCA Network Adapters create a 1 Gbps “Internet Autobahn” between Wi-Fi access points in your home for an instant performance boost.
What does MoCA have to do with WiFi?
Want better WiFi? Try Wires.
How does Ethernet over Coax make my WiFi better?
Use Cases
Boost WiFi
When everyone in the house is using WiFi at once, things can slow down and get spotty. Traditional mesh home networks can be unreliable, signals often drop, and speeds may fluctuate. You may even have dead zones in and around your home where you get no WiFi. When streaming video, your screen might freeze or buffer for a few seconds intermittently. These things can be very frustrating. Thankfully there is a quick and affordable solution: MoCA®.
Can MoCA boost my WiFi Signal?How to get more reliable WiFi
What is an “Internet Autobahn” and how do I get one?
Improve Online Gaming
A gamer’s worst nightmare is network lag. Latency is the quality of your network, meaning how long in milliseconds it takes for data to reach back to its original destination. When playing games online, latency is critical. The lower the latency, the better the gaming experience. With high latency – boom – you’re dead while waiting for that connection to catch up with your actions.
Improve online gaming with MoCA
How to reduce latency or lag in gaming
How to get better Internet for your PS4
How to improve WiFi for your Xbox
OTT (Over-The-Top) Video
MoCA works great with any of the popular OTT media players like Roku, Apple TV, to name a few. It turns your WiFi network into an “Internet Autobahn” with speeds rivaling a wired Ethernet connection. With just a quick setup, you can stream high-definition video through any of your WiFi devices without interruption or degradation.
Buffering or streaming video problems over WiFi?
How to get more reliable WiFi
MoCA 2.5 Network Adapter
The ECB6250 MoCA 2.5 Network Adapter leverages the latest MoCA 2.5 specification to bring next generation speeds up to 2.5 Gbps to the home network. Get a blazing fast connection wherever you have a coax outlet for unbelievable HD video, online gaming and high-speed networking.
Product Info
REQUEST A TRIAL
CONTACT SALES
By continuing to use our website, you acknowledge the use of cookies.Cookie settings Privacy Policy XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  For more information see our Cookie Policy page.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Statistic cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Uncategorized cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Functional
functional
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertising cookies are set to display targeted promotions or advertisements based upon your interests on the sites or to manage our advertising. These cookies collect information about your activities on these and other sites to provide you targeted advertising.
Save & Accept