http://www.parsec.com/about/privacy.php
PARSEC Group Web Site Privacy Policy
PARSEC Group strives to protect your privacy whenever possible and appropriate while using our web site. We are very respectful of your privacy, but we do collect information that allows us to market our services intelligently. The information listed below is to help you understand the collection, use and security of information that may be obtained from your visit and use of this web site.
Basic Information Collected
Registration
If you choose to leave feedback and/or request a response through our on-line forms, you may be asked to give contact information (i.e. name and e-mail address). We use this information to contact you about the service and/or area of expressed interest.
You may also register for the newsletter, seminars and other promotional offerings where you will be asked to provide contact information.
Class registrations on the web site require contact information to allow us to send you confirmation to the training class, update information about courses, as well as new services and offerings provided by PARSEC Group.
Surveys
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our web site. If you voluntarily participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information, such as name and shipping address, and demographic information, such as zip code.
We do not use third-party service providers to conduct these surveys or contests.
Special Offers and Updates
We will occasionally send you information on services, special courses and/or promotions. You can sign up for these e-mails on our registration page or you can choose to opt-out of receiving future communications [see Choice/Opt-out section below]. Out of respect for your privacy, we present this option not to receive these types of communication.
In all cases, we use this information to monitor site traffic, respond to specific requests and/or to send participants an e-mail newsletter.
Log Files
As is true of most web sites, PARSEC Group may gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data.
We may use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Choice / Opt-out
PARSEC Group provides you the opportunity to "opt-out" of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when asked for information. For example, if you purchase a service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference at any time.
If you no longer wish to receive the e-mail newsletter and/or promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in the body of our e-mail.
Public Disclosure
PARSEC Group is the sole owner of the information collected on PARSEC Group's web site. PARSEC Group collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our web site. We will communicate with you via e-mail or telephone in accordance with your wishes.
We DO NOT share personally identifiable information with third parties.
We may, however, share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners. This information DOES NOT identify individual users personal profile information. We DO NOT link aggregate user data with any personally identifiable information.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site.
Cookies
We use cookies on this website. To learn more about cookies and how we use them, view our cookie policy here.
Links to Other Sites
This web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by PARSEC Group. Please be aware that we, PARSEC Group, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this web site.
Changes in This Privacy Statement
PARSEC Group reserves the right to change our privacy policy, and as such, will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate to ensure community awareness as to our data collection, the use of it, and under what circumstances, if any, that it will be disclosed.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, and we encourage you to review it frequently. If PARSEC Group makes material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page.
PARSEC Group Web Site Contact Information
To access your personal identifiable information we have collected, if any, or request correction of factual errors, contact us at 1-888-4PARSEC, or email us at experts@parsec.com.
Cookie Manager
We use cookies to enhance the features of our web site. We don't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Using this tool sets
a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. For more detailed information about the cookies we use,
see our Cookies page.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility.
You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
On  Off
Preference Cookies
Preference cookies enable this site to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks.
On  Off
Statistics Cookies
Statistic cookies help us to understand how visitors interact with the site by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
On  Off
Marketing Cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the
individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Close