http://www.playphone.com/legal/terms?type=privacy
Playphone Privacy Policy | Playphone Inc
Playphone | Building the World's Leading Mobile Gaming Network
HOME
PLAYEDGE
DEVELOPERS
TEAM
Our Products
PLAYEDGE
DEVELOPERS
Our Team
EMAIL ADDRESS
PASSWORD
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As of April 22, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains Playphone, Inc.'s ("Playphone", "our", "we") commitments and your rights concerning your information. The Privacy Policy is incorporated in and subject to the Terms of Service and governs the same Services and Sites as the ones mentioned in the Terms of Service. You should read the Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Sites or Services. By using the Sites or any of our Services, you consent to our collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in the Privacy Policy without defining them have the same definition given to them in the Terms of Service.
We ask that you read this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We may modify it at any time in our sole discretion.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal data that we have previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent, where required by law, either through your registered email address or by prominent posting on the Site.
Where permitted by law, your use of the Services indicates that you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
WE COLLECT INFORMATION THE FOLLOWING WAYS:
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
We may collect information from you in a variety of ways such as your name, email address and phone number. You may, however, visit our Sites anonymously if you choose to do so. We will collect information from you only if you voluntarily choose to submit such information to us. You can always refuse to provide this information to us. If you choose to subscribe to a Service from us, we or the mobile operator of your network will collect your information related to the payment for the subscription of our Services. Account and billing information collected by the mobile operator is subject to their respective privacy policies.
2. We get technical information when you visit our Sites and/or Services
We may collect technical information about you whenever you visit our Sites or use our Services. Technical information we collect may include the user agent, and technical information about your means of connection to our Site, such as the type of device you use, the device screen size, browser type, geographic location (country only), unique device identifiers, Internet Protocol address, mouse events (movements, location and number of clicks), landing pages, operating system, information about your use of our Services and other similar information.
We also use cookies and other technologies to collect technical information from you. A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your device's hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other redundant settings, so you don't have to set them up every time you visit our Sites or Services.
3. Our partners and advertisers collect and share information with us
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google") which assists website owners and operators in learning and understanding the usage patterns of visitors who use their websites by collecting information, namely; which individual web pages were visited, how long users spent on the website, which websites referred the most visitors, general geographic location of visitors, and other similar anonymous statistics.
For this reason, Google Analytics may create and store several cookies on your device. Google Analytics does not collect any personally identifiable information by default. Google Analytics collects anonymized IP addresses or internet connections used by visitors to websites on which Google Analytics has been installed. Google Analytics does not reveal or expose the IP address of visitors to the owners of the website on which Google Analytics is installed.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Provide the Service(s) you request;
Bill and collect for the Service(s) provided to you;
Send you marketing communications;
Provide customer care;
Protect our rights or property;
Enforce the Terms of Service;
Comply with legal requirements;
To improve our Sites and Services;
Respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests; and
Respond to court orders, subpoenas or other legal proceedings.
According to privacy legislation, we are required to disclose on what legal grounds we are able to use your information. We require your information because of the contractual agreements between you and us.
In addition, we can use your information in the case of legitimate interest. This means that we want to provide you the most optimal and personalized service possible. Of course, we keep your privacy in mind at all times.
In certain cases, we may have a legal obligation to use your information. For example, when we suspect fraud. In other instances, you may have provided us permission to use your information, for example when you sign up for a newsletter or other mailing lists.
In all cases, we keep track of this appropriately.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see our California Privacy Rights Notice for more information.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide our Services to you. We will retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We are concerned with protecting your privacy and data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized or accidental access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your information, transaction information and data stored on our Sites.
However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.
SHARING YOR INFORMATION
We share your personal information with third party companies who provide services on our behalf and support our operations.
These services may include product and/or experience customization, distribution of marketing and promotional material, Site and Services evaluation, data collection, storage, management, analysis, and deletion, and other support services as necessary, including ad delivery and analysis.
We may also share your personal information when we determine that doing so is appropriate to our and your security.
This may include verifying compliance with and to enforce our Terms of Service, to protect our property, the Services, Site and our legal rights, to protect the personal safety or the property of others, to respond to lawful requests from governmental authorities, to comply with applicable laws, and to support auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by sending an e-mail to help@playphone.com.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see our California Privacy Rights Notice for more information.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please see our California Privacy Rights Notice.
CONTACTING US
We want you to be in control of how your personal data is used by us. You can do this in the following ways:
You can ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
You can inform us of any changes to your personal data, or you can ask us to correct any of the personal data we hold about you;
In certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block, or restrict the processing of the personal data we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your personal data; and
In certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal data you have given us to a third party. Where we use your personal data on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time subject to applicable law. Moreover, where we process your personal data based on legitimate interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal data subject to applicable law.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal data is complete, accurate and current. Please inform us of any changes to or inaccuracies of to your personal data by contacting us immediately.
For any of your requests, as well as questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Sites, or your dealings with the Sites, please contact us by sending an e-mail to help@playphone.com.
You can contact the same e-mail address if you want to object to the processing of your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you directly.
Become a partner
Developers
Company
Team
Contact Us
Player Support
Loot Support
PlayEdge Support
Legal
EULA
Privacy Policy
Unsubscribe Mail
© 2020 Playphone Inc. All rights reserved.