http://www.speedguide.net/privacy.php
Main
Broadband
Reviews
Articles
Forums
Info
Main
Broadband
Reviews
Articles
Forums
Info
Login
Username:
Password:
forgot password?
Shortcuts
4600+ Routers
65535 Ports
FAQs
Glossary
SG Broadband Tools
SG IP Locator
SG Network Tools
SG Security Scan
SG Speed Test
TCP/IP Analyzer
TCP/IP Optimizer
Home
»
Privacy Policy
SpeedGuide Privacy Policy
(last updated: 25 May 2018)
When you use our services, you're trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information.
The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website,
including your rights under current laws and regulations. By using the Services or providing your personal information to us, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Speed Guide Inc. ("SpeedGuide.net", "SpeedGuide", "Site", "we", "us", "our") is a company providing information, forums, software and resources
relating to broadband internet connections,	online security, and wireless networks. This privacy policy outlines the practices of
Speed Guide Inc in connection with information that we collect through SpeedGuide.net (the "website"), through software applications made available by us,
through our social media pages that we control, through email messages that we send, and any other form of communication with you
in connection with your interest in or use of our products and services (collectively, the "Services").
Personal Information
"Personal information" means any personal data about an identifiable or identified individual,
such as, full name, mailing address, a photo, telephone number, login name, email address.
Information Collection and Use
We at SpeedGuide.net are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of our users.
We collect personal information about our users in order to provide our products and services.
While using SpeedGuide.net our our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used
to contact or identify you (such as your name, email address, etc.)
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privay Policy.
For example, we will not sell your e-mail address to any third party or divulge your address to vendors.
Public Forums
This site makes forums and message boards available to its users. Please remember that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public and you should exercise caution
when deciding to disclose any personal information. In addition, users have the option (when posting to the forums)
to be notified when there are replies, which, if chosen will send you e-mail notification of any replies.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit,
(like your preferred language and other settings) that can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you.
SpeedGuide uses the following types of cookies:
Site settings persistent cookies - to improve user experience by remembering your preferences and login information, so you don't have to sign in every time you visit;
Third-party features cookies - for example, cookies by Google Analytics of Facebook;
Statistical information - we may collect and compile anonymous, aggregated information for statistical and analytics purposes to help us understand how users use the site and improve our site services.
We may also use such information to help measure and research the effectiveness of our interactive online content, features, advertisements, and other communications
Advertising cookies - our advertising partners may use anonymous cookies to optimize advertising that is relevant to you and to measure their performance
Please also see the "Third Parties" section of this document.
Browsers can be configured to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Please note, if cookies are disabled, it may mean that you experience reduced functionality when browsing the website.
In addition, you can also visit the Network Advertising Initiative site and use their tool to opt-out of behavioral advertising from ad networks.
Interest-Based Ads
SpeedGuide displays interest-based advertising using aggregate information you make available to us when you interact with our site, content, or services.
Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as interacting with our website and tools.
In providing interest-based ads, we follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (a coalition of marketing, online advertising, and consumer advocacy organizations).
Like other online ad networks, we use cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies (collectively, "cookies"). Cookies enable us to learn about
what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our site. This allows us to provide you with more useful and relevant ads.
For example, if we know what ads you are shown we can be careful not to show you the same ones repeatedly.
We do not associate your interaction with unaffiliated sites with your identity in providing you with interest-based ads.
We do not provide any personal information to advertisers or to third party sites that display our interest-based ads.
However, advertisers and other third-parties (including the ad networks, ad-serving companies, and other service providers they may use) may assume that users who interact with
or click on a personalized ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards (for example, users in the Southeast who bought or browsed for classical music).
Advertising Preferences
SpeedGuide offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us. You can choose not to receive interest-based ads. You will still see ads but they will not be personalized.
To set, visit: Advertising Consent.
You can also generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
Third Parties
We use third-party advertising companies who serve ads to help keep content free. For these partners, we put additional restrictions on how your data
can be used to prevent it from misuse. For instance, we do not allow these partners to take your information for profiling and personalizing ads on other sites.
Please also review the following links for a list of partners and their respective privacy policies:
PubGalaxy (Titan Gate AD)
Google Privacy and Terms
Individual advertisers may sometimes also employ a third-party measurement service other than SpeedGuide.net for tracking the performance of an ad program.
We review the privacy policies of companies we work with, however, in these instances, we have no control over the information collected by the third-party,
and may not be held responsible for the actions of the third-party measurement service where collected information is concerned.
If you have questions regarding different third-party measurement services and their respective methods of information collection, please contact our webmaster.
Information Storage
SpeedGuide follows the principle of storing data in minimal volume and for a period not longer than necessary for the provision of the purposes for which they
were collected ensuring that they are stored securely and in compliance with the applicable legislation. For example, we store the following type data for the following periods:
- Customer data related to the registration, agreeement, declarations, etc. is stored for the duration of the agreement, and up to one year after termination of such agreement.
- Invoices and other financial information is stored for the duration of the agreement, and up to seven years from the termination of the agreement.
- IP addresses and aggregate user data is stored for a period of up to one year.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may share aggregated traffic information
(such as number of unique users, page views, or time spent on our site) with outside sources.
This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Notification of Changes
All changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted in this Privacy statement so that you are always
aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Regardless of later updates, we will never use the information you submit under this current policy
in a new way without providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use.
Contacting the Website
If you wish to learn more about our efforts to protect your privacy, please feel free to send
questions and comments to:
Copyright © 1999-2020 Speed Guide, Inc. All rights reserved.
About · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy ·
Change Ad Consent
Do not sell my data
News
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Polls
Cool Links
SpeedGuide Teams
SG Premium Services
SG Gear Store
Registry Tweaks
Broadband Tools
Downloads/Patches
Broadband Hardware
SG Ports Database
Security
Default Passwords
User Stories
Broadband Routers
Wireless
Firewalls / VPNs
Software
Hardware
User Reviews
Broadband
Security
Editorials
General
User Articles
Quick Reference
Broadband Forums
General Discussions
Advertising
Awards
Link to us
Server Statistics
Helping SG
About
News
FAQs
Glossary of Terms
Polls
Cool Links
SpeedGuide Teams
SG Premium Services
SG Gear Store
XML - RSS Feeds
Cable Modems FAQ
DSL FAQ
General Broadband FAQ
General Windows FAQ
Windows 7 FAQ
Windows 8 FAQ
Hardware FAQ
General Networking FAQ
Wireless Networking FAQ
Mobile Networking FAQ
Routers FAQ
Satellite FAQ
Security FAQ
Site FAQ
Speed Test FAQ
TCP Analyzer FAQ
TCP Optimizer FAQ
Tweaking FAQ
VoIP FAQ
General Links
Broadband Links
Networking Links
Registry Tweaks
Broadband Tools
Downloads/Patches
Broadband Hardware
SG Ports Database
Security
Default Passwords
User Stories
Windows 2k/XP Registry Tweaks
Windows 2k/XP - More Tweaks
Windows 9x/ME Registry Tweaks
Advanced Tweaking
System.ini IRQ Tweak
Host Resolution Priority Tweak
Linux Broadband Tweaks
Windows XP SP2 tcpip.sys connection limit patch
LAN Tweaks for Windows XP, 2000, 2003 Server
Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox Web Browser Tweaks
Windows 2003 TCP/IP parameters
Windows 7, Vista, 2008 Tweaks
Windows Vista tcpip.sys connection limit patch for Event ID 4226
Gaming Tweaks
LAN Tweaks for Windows 7, 8, 10
Quality of Service - ToS DSCP WMM
Windows 8, 10, 2012 Server TCP/IP Tweaks
Android TCP/IP Speed Tweaks
SG TCP/IP Analyzer
SG TCP/IP Optimizer
SG Security Scanner
SG Speed Test
IP Address Locator
MAC Address OUI Search
Network Tools
Bits/Bytes Calculator
RWIN/BDP Calculator
DSL Speed Calculator
WLAN Key Generator
Hash Generator
TCP Optimizer Download
TCP Optimizer Documentation
Scanned Ports
Commonly Open Ports
All Ports
Broadband Speed Test
Test Stats
Provider Stats
Country Stats
Mirror Stats
Cable Horror Story
Cable-Modem Security Worries
D-Link DFL-300 VPN Router
DSL Hell
Get a Cable Modem - Go to Jail ??!? (external)
Intermittent Cable signal
It Figures - The need for a firewall
MediaOne RoadRunner - Kicking in
Network adapter MAC/OUI/Brand affect latency
Road Runner Security - File and Print Sharing
Router speed drop solved
RR Tech Support Incompetence ...
Short Stories and Fixes
Squirrels and rain can slow down an ADSL modem...
Telefonica Incompetence, Xenophobia or Fraud?
The IP That Just Wouldn\'t Stick.
Wireless Networks and WEP
Broadband Routers
Wireless
Firewalls / VPNs
Software
Hardware
User Reviews
Belkin F5D5230
Compex NetPassage 15B
D-Link DI-701
Linksys BEFSR41 Router
SOHOWARE BroadGuard NBG800
WebRamp 700s
ZyXEL Prestige 310
Nexland
ISB2LAN Router Review
Nexland ISB-SOHO
Cayman 2E-H-W
Compex NetPassage 26G Wireless Gateway
Diamond HomeFree
SMC Barricade 7004AWBR
ZyXEL ZyWALL 10
Tiny Software Personal Firewall v1.0
WinGate 4.1.1
Linksys Instant GigaDrive
Acer TravelMate 292 XC Laptop
D-Link DI-524 Wireless Router
First look at Nexland Pro 400 ADSL with Wireless
Netgear RP614 Review
Broadband
Security
Editorials
General
User Articles
Quick Reference
Bits, Bytes and Bandwidth Reference Guide
Ethernet auto-sensing and auto-negotiation
How to Make Network Cables
How to repair TCP/IP and Winsock
How to set a Wireless Router as an Access Point
Internet connection Sharing
Network Adapter Optimization
Router Configuration Guide
The TCP Window, Latency, and the Bandwidth Delay product
Windows 10 Anniversary updates to TCP
Wireless Antenna Guide
Wireless Network Speed Tweaks
WLAN Primer
General Security Guide
How To Crack WEP and WPA Wireless Networks
How to Secure your Wireless Network
How to Stop Denial of Service (DoS) Attacks
IRDP Security Vulnerability in Windows 9x
Which VPN Protocol to use?
Why encrypt your online traffic with VPN ?
Cable Modems Technology Overview
CISCO/VALVE PowerPlay
MTU, what difference does it make ?
Satellite Internet - What is it ?
Server Based Network Guide
Tom\'s Easy Home Networking
Uncapping, The makings of a Semi-Myth
How to Backup using Batch Files
How to Backup using Batch Files under Windows 10
Ramdisk Guide
SSD Linux Tweaks
SSD Speed Tweaks
Windows 2k/XP Tweaks
Windows 9x Tweaks
5 Ways to Improve your Wireless Network
Cable modem signal levels
Cable Troubleshooting Guide
Crimson Editor
Difference between Routers, Switches and Hubs
How DSL Internet Access Works
ISPs hijack failed searches
The History of DSL Internet Access
Tips to improve your SNR
Wi-Fi Standards Glossary
Wireless Broadband service and LONG Range
ADSL VPI, VCI and Encapsulation settings
BIOS Error Codes
Choosing RAM Type
How to turn Wireless on/off in various Laptop models
Linux TCP/IP parameters reference
Subnetting and IPv4 Address Classes
TCP Structure - Transmission Control Protocol
The TCP/IP and OSI Network Models
TLD Country Code Reference
UDP - User Datagram Protocol
Wireless LAN Standards
Broadband Forums
General Discussion
Gallery
General Cable/DSL Forum
Broadband Tweaks
Routers/Internet Sharing
Networking
Wireless Networking
Network Security
Internet Providers
US Broadband Providers
International Broadband Providers
Dialup & Other connectivity
General Forum
Hardware & OCing
Software
Gaming
Digital Media
Automotive
SG Distributed Computing
Classifieds & Hot Deals
User Feedback
Cases & Modding
Programming
Console Gaming
Advertising
Awards
Link to us
Helping SG
About
Server Statistics
Copyright
Privacy Policy