https://www.iab.org/activities/programs/concluded-programs/privacy-and-security-program/
Home»Activities»IAB Technical Programs and Administrative Support Groups»Concluded Programs»Privacy and Security Program
Note: The Privacy and Security Program closed in July 2019.
Purpose
The IAB Privacy and Security Program is a successor to its previous Security and Privacy programs.  It provides a forum to develop, synthesize and promote security and privacy guidance within the Internet technical standards community.   While security and privacy have each been explicitly and implicitly considered during the design of Internet protocols, there are three major challenges which face the community:
most Internet protocols are developed as building blocks and will be used in a variety of situations.  This means that the security and privacy protections each protocol provides may depend on adjacent protocols and substrates.  The resulting security and privacy protections depend, however, on the initial assumptions remaining true as adjacent systems change.  These assumptions and dependencies are commonly undocumented and may be ill-understood.
many security approaches have presumed that attackers have resources on par with those available to those secure the system.  Pervasive monitoring, distributed networks of compromised machines, and the availability of cloud compute each challenge those assumptions.
many systems breach the confidentiality of individuals’ communication or request more than the minimally appropriate data from that communication in order to simplify the delivery of services or meet other requirements.  When other design considerations contend with privacy considerations, privacy has historically lost.
This program seeks to consolidate, generalize, and expand understanding of Internet-scale system design considerations for privacy and security;  to raise broad awareness of the changing threat models and their impact on the properties of Internet protocols; and to champion the value of privacy to users of the Internet and, through that value, as a contributor to the network effect for the Internet.
Public comments can be sent to privsec-discuss@iab.org.
Membership
Volunteers should send a statement of interest to privsec-program@iab.org, specifying which focus area or areas are of interest.  The current IAB members are:
Stephen Farrell (IAB Co-Lead)
Wes Hardaker
Ted Hardie
Christian Huitema
Mark Nottingham
Gabriel Montenegro
Martin Thomson (IAB Co-Lead)
Melinda Shore
Brian Trammell
Suzanne Woolf
Non-IAB members include:
Roman Danyliw
Joe Hall
Russ Housley
Benjamin Kaduk
Xing Li
Lucy Lynch
Kathleen Moriarty
Karen O’Donoghue
Christine Runnegar
Eric Rescorla
Wendy Seltzer
Dave Thaler
Chris Wood
Juan Carlos Zuniga
Areas of Focus
Confidentiality
After helping develop initial text for the  IAB’s statement on Internet Confidentiality, the group described the threat models related to surveillance, published as RFC 7624.  The program is now working to describe the building blocks which may be used to mitigate pervasive surveillance and the impact of specific design patterns on information leakage.  It will also develop a systems engineering description of how to build a confidential application which flows across the open Internet.
Work products anticipated:
Mitigations document
One or more design pattern documents
Systems engineering document
Trust
The program’s work on trust is coordinated work with the relevant IETF and IRTF working groups.  Its first related work product, on cryptographic algorithm agility, was moved to the IETF for consideration as a best current practice and eventually published as BCP 201 (RFC 7696). The program is currently working on a document examining the current Web Trust model.  The program also plans to document  general considerations for managing protocol systems in which there are multiple sources of truth which may provide assurances related to identity, authorization, or repudiation.
Work products anticipated:
Examination of the Web’s Trust model and implementation
Considerations for designing protocols with multiple sources of truth.
Recent Posts
IAB Reappoints Warren Kumari to the ICANN Technical Liaison Group
Reappointment of Colin Perkins as IRTF Chair
IAB Report to the Community for IETF 109
Call for nominations: IETF appointment to the ISOC Board of Trustees
Call for Feedback on the ICANN Technical Liaison Group Appointment
Search for:
IAB Work
IAB Agenda
IAB Minutes
IAB Documents
IAB Open Meetings
IAB Wiki
Technical Plenaries
IAB Programs
Evolvability, Deployability, and Maintainability Program
IANA Program
Internet Threat Model Program
Liaison Oversight
Plenary Planning Program
RFC Editor Future Development Program
RFC Editor Series Oversight Committee (RSOC)
Related Organizations
IETF Administration LLC
RFC Editor
IANA
IRTF
IETF Trust
ISOC
Privacy Statement
IETF/IRTF/IAB Privacy Statement
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org