http://www.dataprise.com/privacy
Client Center
Services
Support365® IT Managed Services
Endpoint Management Plan
End-to-End IT Management Plans
Dataprise CYBER Security
IT Consulting & Strategy
Monitoring & Management
Telecommunication Solutions
24x7 Help & Support Desk
24x7 Support365® Help Desk
Outsourced Help Desk
myHelpDesk™ Experience
Project Services
Cloud Services
Web & Mobile
Emergency Support
Industries
Industry Specific Solutions
Non-Profit
Legal, Law Firms
Accounting, Finance
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Government
Education
Real Estate
Additional Industries
Partners
Dell EMC
Project & Deployments
Storage
Servers
Microsoft Solutions
Microsoft 365
Azure
SharePoint
Teams
Power BI
Dynamics 365
Mitel Solutions
Premise and Hosted Services
Resources
Remote Workforce Resource Hub
Discover best practices for remote employees and business leaders.
VIEW NOW
Resources
Blog
Webinars and Events
Video
Success Stories
Downloadables
News and Awards
Why Dataprise?
About
Leadership
History
Community
Office Tour
Approach
Dataprise Xperience
Our Technology
Our Credentials
Winning with IT
Careers
Contact Us
Office Locations
SALES:
888.519.8111
SUPPORT:
888.414.8111
SALES: 888.519.8111 SUPPORT: 888.414.8111
Services
Support365® IT Managed Services
24x7 Help & Support Desk
IT Consulting & Strategy
Information Security
Other Services
Why Dataprise
Leadership
Locations
Industries Served
Contact Us
Client Center
Careers
Privacy Policy
Legal
Sitemap
Questions?
Contact Us
888.414.8111
Dataprise Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Home  //  privacy
At Dataprise, We Take Your Privacy Very Seriously
Please read our privacy statement concerning any information we may collect about you.
Dataprise ("Dataprise") has adopted the following privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"), which is applicable to
all information you provide during your use of the web site on the World Wide Web at www.dataprise.com
(referred to as the "Site").
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy may be revised at any time. Dataprise will display a notice when the Privacy Policy has been revised. Your continued use of the Site after the notice is published constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.
The Information You Submit to Dataprise
As of the date of this Privacy Policy, Dataprise provides you an opportunity for you to input personally identifiable information. This information is collected by Dataprise for the use of contacting you for purposes of addressing your business needs. Your registration information might also be used in the following ways:
(1)
For demographic profiling. Dataprise may use your personally identifiable information to assess the demographics (e.g. the size, location, and business needs) of its audience.
(2)
To personalize the Site. Dataprise may use your registration information in order to personalize your
experience with the Site by displaying or otherwise providing content Dataprise believes might interest 			you based on your information. This should make the Site more practical and useful for you.
(3)
To provide you account related information specific to your business relationship with Dataprise should 			 you become a Dataprise customer.
Dataprise Use of "Cookies"
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow Dataprise to recognize you and information about you that aids in our ability to meet your business needs when you reenter the Site.
Dataprise uses cookies in the following ways:
(1)
To personalize the Site: As with your registration information, Dataprise may use cookies in order to personalize your experience with the Site by displaying content Dataprise believes might interest you based on your information.
(2)
To estimate the size of our audience: Each browser accessing the Site is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the size of our audience and the extent of repeat usage.
(3)
To track visitor trends and patterns: We use the information provided by cookies to improve, update and revise the features offered by Dataprise. This, we believe, will provide our visitors with more useful content and services.
The cookies Dataprise uses on this Site can be classified into one of the following categories:
(1)
Essential Cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
(2)
Performance and Functionality Cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Site, but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functions may not be available.
(3)
Analytics Cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use a website, for instance which pages you go to most often, what searches you perform, and whether you receive error messages from the visited web pages. These cookies are associated to your web browser and may be linked to any personal information we may have about you. At Dataprise, we use Google Analytics for our website analytics.
(4)
Social Media: We use cookies to personalize your interaction with social media sites including (but not limited to) Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram and YouTube.
Such cookies recognize users of those social media sites when you view social media content on our Website.
They also allow you to quickly share content across social media, through the use of simple "sharing" buttons.
(5)
Advertising Cookies: These cookies record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
(6)
Third Party Cookies: Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical, performance cookies, or targeting cookies.
By using the Site you are deemed to accept the use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Typically, however, you may configure your browser to refuse all cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent.
If you do not accept the use of cookies you may disable them by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. The ability to enable, disable, or delete cookies can be completed by following the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility).
Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser; you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access our Site at all or certain parts of it and some parts of our Site may not work properly.
For further information on cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
We may update this section of our Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Please therefore re-visit this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
Sharing of Personal Information
Dataprise does not share your collected information with third parties.
Information Security
Although no system can be made totally invulnerable to unauthorized access, Dataprise uses industry standard procedures to store information, storing information on secure computers located in locked data centers.
Children's Privacy
The Site is intended only for use by adults and, in light of the business-oriented content of the Site, it is not foreseen that this Site will be used or accessed by children. Dataprise shall not seek to obtain, store, distribute or use any information regarding children.
Questions or Comments?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please submit your questions by email to:
privacy (at) dataprise.com.
Date of Last Change to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 05/25/2018.
Search
Services & Quick Links
Support365® IT Management Plans
Strategic IT Consulting
24/7 Help & Support Desk
Cloud Services
About
Blog
Careers
Connect With Us
Office Locations
Rockville, MD HeadquartersWashington, DCNorthern VirginiaBaltimore, MDPhiladelphia, PAJersey City, NJNew York CityNashville, TNMiami, FLScottsdale, AZ
News & Information
Dataprise Ranked #4 on Crain’s 2020 Best Places to Work in NYC List (12/07/20) - Dataprise was ranked #4 by Crain's New York... read moreDataprise Ranked Among World’s Most Elite 501 Managed Service Providers (8/17/20) - Dataprise has ranked as one of the world... read more
See all news...
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
|
Legal
|
Site Map
© Dataprise 2020 All Rights Reserved. All other marks are the properties of their respective owners.
{"Address":"9600 Blackwell Road,
4th Floor
Rockville,
Maryland 20850","AddressRaw":"9600 Blackwell Road,
4th Floor
Rockville,
Maryland 20850","City":"Headquarters Rockville","DisplayDirectionsLinkSeparately":true,"DistanceFromCurrentLocation":0,"Fax":"Fax: 301.945.0601","IsActive":-1,"Lat":39.101,"Lon":-77.193,"MapAddressID":1,"Office":"HQ","PageUrl":"\/locations\/rockville-md","Phone":"301.945.0700","WebsiteOfficeDesc":"Rockville, MD Headquarters"}
×
Dataprise
Close