http://www.select.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement and Notice of Privacy Practices
Last Modified: July 2020
Please note that our Privacy Statement and Notice of Privacy Practices has changed.  The new version of our Statement is below.  We have updated this Statement to provide additional details regarding how we manage data in compliance with state and federal laws.  To view the prior version of this Statement, click here.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AND NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Statement and Notice of Privacy Practices (the “Privacy Policy”) sets forth the principles governing EmployBridge and its subsidiaries’ (including but not limited to ProLogistix, ProDrivers, ResourceMFG, RemX, Remedy Intelligent Staffing, Select, Westaff, Decca Energy, and Resdin (collectively, “EmployBridge,” the “Company,” “We,” or “Us”)) collection, use, and protection of personal information that individuals share with Us when they visit www.employbridge.com and other Company websites (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy Policy also describes the rights of individuals who share personal information with EmployBridge as applicants for employment with the Company or as employees of the Company. Finally, this Privacy Policy applies to the Company’s collection, use, and protection of personal information in the Company’s day-to-day business operations.
EmployBridge respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through compliance with this Privacy Policy. We want you to understand what personal information (which is defined below) the Company collects and how it is used.Some privacy laws require that We provide specific information about individual rights to applicable consumers. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires that We provide California residents with specific disclosures concerning the collection, use, and protection of personal information. If you are a California resident, please review those disclosures below.
This Site is intended for, and directed toward, individuals and applicants in the United States of America and is not at this time directed to any individuals that may reside outside of the United States. If you are not located in the United States, please do not use this Site or submit information to Us through this Site.
Acceptance of the Privacy Policy and your consent.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated as part of the Website Terms of Use that apply with respect to your use of the Site. The information you provide to Us is governed by the Website Terms of Use. If you are submitting your personal information through the Site as a job applicant, this Privacy Policy applies to your submission. Please note that at the time of hiring, however, additional policies and procedures may apply to the collection of your personal information during the Company’s onboarding procedures and policies. This Privacy Policy is in conjunction with any applicable policies provided and accepted by you at the time of your onboarding. Those policies and procedures, along with this Privacy Policy, will govern the Company’s privacy practices.
How you are notified if this Privacy Policy changes.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If We do, We will post the updated Privacy Policy with the last revised date. Your continued use of the Site means that you consent to the updates to the Privacy Policy. You should periodically read the Privacy Policy to understand EmployBridge’s privacy practices.
If We make material changes to this Privacy Policy, then We will publish notice on www.employbridge.com or e-mail you to seek your affirmative consent if required by law.
What information do We collect?
We collect two types of information from you when you visit the Site: (1) “personal information” (as defined below); and (2) “non-personal information” (as defined below). In addition, should you become employed by EmployBridge or one of its clients, EmployBridge may collect biometric data from you.
Personal Information
We may collect, store, and otherwise process the personal information (“PI”) of:
visitors to the Site;
employees;
officers of EmployBridge and other business partners (or other representatives and agents of EmployBridge’s clients);
job candidates; and
other individuals who enter into a business relationship or apply for a job with Us or who receive or request information about products or services from EmployBridge.
Such PI includes: name; age; date of birth; phone number; social security number; country of residence; driver’s license number; insurance policy numbers; bank account numbers; medical information; health insurance information; professional and/or private address; e-mail address; title and working position; employer; education history; professional interests; professional and/or private telephone numbers; previous work experience; skills; referral information; and other information voluntarily submitted.
For job candidates applying for positions in the United States, such PI includes: sex; age; race; ethnicity; disability; and veteran status. In some cases, We may also collect geolocation data and audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information from applicants and/or employees.
The Company uses PI to: administer contracts; conduct its internal and external business operations; administer employee benefits; activate and maintain client accounts; onboard external vendors; fulfill requests for or respond to inquiries about EmployBridge’s staffing services; analyze how its websites are used and how they are performing; provide offers and information (as permitted by law) about products, services, or events offered by EmployBridge or that the Company thinks may be of interest; facilitate the recruitment process; and to complete processes necessary to act as an employer.
In certain situations, where required by applicable law, EmployBridge will seek your express consent to collect or process your personal information. You may withdraw that consent at any time by e-mailing EmployBridge at webmaster@employbridge.net.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information (“NPII”) can be technical information or aggregated, non-identifiable, or anonymized information. NPII does not identify you personally. If you provide Us with NPII, We may use it for the purposes described in this statement or any other legal purpose.
Automatic collection of NPII
When you use the Site, We may automatically collect certain information by automated or passive means using a variety of technologies described below. We use these technologies across the Site to enhance your user experience. These technologies may allow Us to personalize your online experience, recognize you as a previous visitor, save your user preferences, and/or maintain your login and password information on secure portions of the Site. We also use these technologies to analyze how users use the Site and to monitor the performance of the Site. To be clear, We do not combine the general information collected through these technologies with other personal information to render you identifiable.
By using the Site and accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy, you agree that We can place these technologies on your computer or device. You have the option of adjusting your browser or device settings to restrict or limit the use of these technologies. However, if you choose to do so, the functionality of the Site and your user experience may be affected.
When you visit the Site, We automatically collect certain information about your device, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Information about your device and internet connection, including your web browser, IP address, operating system, time zone, and cookies installed on your device.
Details of your visits to our Site, including individual web pages or products viewed, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and other communication data and resources that you access and use on the Site.
Use of cookies on the Site.
EmployBridge uses cookies on its websites. We use cookies to track your preferences and activities while on the Site and to help ensure that all features of the Site can be used by visitors. Cookies are small data files saved by a website on your web browser that keep a record of your preferences, making your subsequent visits to the site more efficient. Cookies may store a variety of information, such as the number of times you access a website. EmployBridge sets its own cookies on the domains operated by EmployBridge (collectively, the “Sites”) and also uses certain third-party cookies on the Sites.
Because cookies are commonly used, most web browsers are designed to accept cookies. However, you can easily modify your browser preferences to block or disable cookies. Please see your browser’s Help section or files for details on how to block and/or disable cookies. Please note that if you block or disable cookies, some website functionality may not be available, which may lessen your overall user experience.
For even more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential to the functionality of the Sites in order to facilitate your use of the Sites and its features, and in order to enable you to move around the Sites smoothly. Without these cookies, We may not be able to provide certain services or features, and the Sites will not properly function. Unfortunately, these cookies cannot be disabled or modified, which is why We refer to these as “Necessary.”
Analytics and Reporting Cookies: EmployBridge and its third-party vendor service providers may use analytics cookies, which are sometimes called reporting cookies, to collect information about your use of the Site in order to enable Us to improve the way it works and prepare statistical analysis of such data. For instance, analytics cookies may collect information about which pages you visit most. The information gathered via analytics cookies allows Us to see the overall patterns of usage of the Site, helps Us record any difficulties you have with the Site, and shows Us whether our advertising is effective or not. We use Google Analytics to help measure how users interact with the Site. If you have questions about Google Analytics, you may obtain more information about its policy privacy, which can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Social and Content cookies: Many social media plugins use social and content cookies (for example, the Facebook ’like’ button), and other tools meant to provide or improve the content on a website. We integrate these modules into EmployBridge’s platform to improve the experience of browsing and interacting with the Site. Please note that some of these third-party services place cookies that are also used for things like behavioral advertising, analytics, and/or market research.
EmployBridge does not set any additional cookies relating to your use of this embedded social and content cookies. However, if you choose to click on these links and they take you to a third-party website, the third-party may place additional cookies of its own. These third-party cookies fall outside the scope of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to reach out to the third party if you have any questions about how they track your use of the embedded content on the sites.
How long will cookies remain on my computer or mobile device?
The length of time that a cookie remains on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies last until you stop browsing, and persistent cookies last until they expire or are deleted. Most of the cookies We use are persistent and will expire between 30 minutes and two years from the date they are downloaded to your device. See the section below on how to control cookies for more information on removing them before they expire.
How do I accept or reject cookies?
You can choose to disable or enable cookies at any time on your browser.
Your browser can be set to notify you of the cookies that are deposited in your computer and ask you to accept them or not. You can accept or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis or reject them consistently once and for all. We remind you that the refusal of cookies is likely to modify your conditions of access to the Site. In order to manage the cookies as close as possible to your expectations, We invite you to set your browser taking into account the purpose of the cookies as mentioned above.
You may outright refuse to accept cookies from the Site at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse cookies. You may also adjust the settings on your browser to clear cookies. You may also opt out of cookies by refusing to accept cookies when prompted by the disclosure banner that appears on your first visit to the Site. Please note that by disabling or blocking any or all cookies, some features of the Sites may not operate as intended, or you may not have access to features or personalization available through the Site.
For the management of the cookies and your choices, the configuration of each browser is different. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the website AboutCookies.org, which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Use and disclosure of Personal Information.
EmployBridge currently, or may in the future, collect, use, and disclose your PI as authorized or required by written law and/or for any or all of the following purposes (“Purposes”) to:
Fulfill a service or a service request to you;
Determine your eligibility for employment with EmployBridge or its clients for staffing and temporary employment engagements;
Establish and verify your identity;
Conduct EmployBridge’s internal business operations, i.e. human resources activities and processing of salaries, other compensation, benefits, and other employment related matters;
Protect and improve EmployBridge’s services;
Obtain services from EmployBridge’s authorized third-party agents or contractors;
Respond to your questions, inquiries, comments, and instructions;
Prevent, detect, or investigate crime and other unlawful activities, including fraud and money-laundering or terrorist financing, and analyzing and managing commercial risks;
Comply with applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
Manage the legal response in connection with any claims, actions, or proceedings (including but not limited to drafting and reviewing documents, transaction documentation, obtaining legal advice, and facilitating dispute resolution), and/or protecting and enforcing EmployBridge’s contractual and legal rights and obligations;
Update EmployBridge’s records and keep your contact details up to date;
Monitor and maintain the performance and functionality of the device consistent with your choices;
Gather data for statistical purposes to help improve the functioning and availability of the Site;
Protect against fraud and potential fraud;
Notify you of any known breach of your Personal Information;
Maintain the security and integrity of EmployBridge’s systems and services;
Transmit to any of EmployBridge’s affiliated entities and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, for the aforementioned Purposes; and
Assist with any other related purposes that would reasonably be expected for which you provided the information in accordance with consent obtained from you and in accordance with the applicable law.
These Purposes may continue to apply even in situations where your relationship with EmployBridge has been terminated or altered in any way. In such cases, EmployBridge may still retain Personal Information relating to you and use or disclose such information for legal and/or business purposes, including for compliance with applicable law.
Sharing your Personal Information.
EmployBridge shares your Personal Information with third parties to help Us use your Personal Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information, for the Purposes described above. The third parties include vendors who collect and use your Personal Information for employment-related purposes such as background checks and benefits administration.
We may also share your Personal Information with a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance, or financing of all or any portion of the Company’s business. In order for you to continue to receive the same or similar products and services. In these circumstances, Personal Information may be shared with the actual or prospective purchasers or assignees, or with the newly acquired business.
Finally, We may also share your Personal Information or Non-Personally Identifiable Informationto comply with applicable laws and regulations, enforce this Privacy Policy, respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information We receive, or otherwise protect EmployBridge’s rights.
How We protect your Personal Information.
We use commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical controls best practices to protect your Personal Information, including data encryption where appropriate. Since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, however, We cannot ensure the security of Personal Information during its transmission between you and Us. Accordingly, you acknowledge that when you transmit such Personal Information, you do so at your own risk. Nevertheless, We strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing EmployBridge’s information security measures. We will notify you of any confirmed security breach of your Personal Information to the extent required by and in accordance with local laws.
EmployBridge will retain your Personal Information as long as necessary to fulfill the Purposes outlined in this Policy and in accordance with applicable law.
Children under the age of 13.
EmployBridge’s websites and services are not directed to children or any individuals under the age of 18, and EmployBridge does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided EmployBridge with Personal Information without their consent, the parent or legal guardian should contact EmployBridge at webmaster@employbridge.net, and EmployBridge will take steps to delete any such Personal Information.
Communicating with you electronically.
By using the Site and providing your Personal Information, you agree that We can communicate with you electronically. This includes any required notifications (i.e. legal, technical, regulatory, security, privacy) relating to your use of the Site or EmployeBridge’s services.
Where required, We will seek your express consent to send electronic messages. You may withdraw your consent by using the "unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of EmployBridge’s messages, contacting us at the address listed below, or by e-mailing webmaster@employbridge.net.
Where to turn with questions and how to contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, about the Site, or want to request access to, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information, or have a privacy-related complaint or question, please contact Us by e-mail at webmaster@employbridge.net.
Effective Date: July 8, 2020
California Consumer Privacy Policy
Last updated July 2020
Important Information for California Residents
EmployBridge takes data privacy very seriously. This California Consumer Privacy Policy sets out the principles governing EmployBridge’s use and protection of personal information that individuals and clients share with us, as well as describing the rights of individuals regarding their personal information for residents of the State of California. This California Consumer Privacy Policy applies to EmployBridge’s data collection and use through this website and through its domestic operations in the United States and is incorporated by reference into EmployBridge’s Privacy Statement and Notice of Privacy Practices.
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California consumers (“California residents”) with specific rights regarding their personal information. We have provided a detailed description of your rights under the CCPA and how to exercise them in this California Consumer Privacy Policy.
Rights of California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California consumers (“California residents”) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes those rights and explains how to exercise them.
As a California resident, you have the right under the CCPA to exercise, free of charge, the following:
a. Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:
i. The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
ii. The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
iii. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
iv. The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and
v. The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Please note that we are not required to:
i. Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained;
ii. Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or
iii. Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
b. Disclosure of Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
i. The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and
ii. The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.
c. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
Under the CCPA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. Please be aware that EmployBridge is not currently in the business of selling personal information. Nevertheless, if you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, we will add you to a “Do Not Sell List.”
d. Right to Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
i. Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform services under a contract;
ii. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
iii. Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
iv. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
v. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
vi. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
vii. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
viii. Comply with an existing legal or contractual obligation; or
ix. Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
e. Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:
i. Deny goods or services to you;
ii. Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
iii. Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
iv. Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to you by your personal information.
Submitting Requests
Requests to Know, Requests to Delete and Do-Not-Sell (Opt-out) Requests* may be submitted by either:
Calling us at (800) 605-8304; or
E-mailing EmployBridge at webmaster@employbridge.net.
*Please note that EmployBridge is not in the business of selling Personal Information.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”).
Categories of Personal Information Collected
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected (Yes or No)
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, identification badges with photograph(s), or other similar identifiers.
Y
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Y
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Y
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
N
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Y
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Y
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Y
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Y
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Y
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Y
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Y
This Section on the rights of California residents does not address or apply to EmployBridge’s handling of:
Publicly available information from government records;
De-identified or aggregated consumer information;
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994;
Personal information we collect about job applicants, independent contractors, or current or former full-time, part-time and temporary employees and staff, officers, directors or owners of EmployBridge; and
Personal information about individuals acting for or on behalf of another company, to the extent the information relates to our transactions with such company, products or services that we receive from or provide to such company, or associated communications or transactions (accept that such individuals have the right to opt-out of any sale of their personal information and to not be subject to any discrimination for exercising such right).
Sources of Information Collected
We collect personal information directly from you, as well as automatically related to your use of our websites and other services, and from third parties. For example, we collect personal information:
From any form you may complete and submit through our websites, for example information collected from the "Contact Us" page of our websites;
From the content of surveys that you may complete;
From 'cookies' and other similar tools deployed on parts of our websites that can only be accessed by authenticated users who are logged into the website (for further information regarding cookies used on our websites, please see Privacy Policy);
When you provide information as a client in connection with us providing professional services to you;
From other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (including from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected), and from other third parties; and
From or on behalf of clients when we provide professional services, which could include personal information about their employees, benefits recipients, insureds, etc.
Purposes of Collecting Information
Our collection, use and disclosure of personal information about a California resident will vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or relationship with such resident. The table above sets out generally the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) about California residents that we collect and disclose to others for a business purpose. We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in the Sources of Information Collected section above, and for the following purposes:
Contract administration;
Executing and performing our client engagements;
Providing various professional services to our clients;
Activating and maintaining client accounts;
Fulfilling requests for or responding to inquiries about our products or services;
Analyzing how our websites are used and how they are performing;
Performing business development analysis;
Providing offers and information to you (as permitted by law) about products, services, or events offered by us or that we think may be of interest to you;
Facilitating the recruitment process; and
To complete processes necessary to act as an employer
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Categories A-I in the above table.
We disclosed your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers and independent contractors we use to help deliver our products and/or services;
Other third parties we use to help us run our business, such as marketing agencies, website hosts, technical security solutions;
Third parties approved by you, including social media sites you choose to link your account to or third-party payment providers;
Our insurers and brokers; and
Our banks.
We may disclose your personal information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose personal information in order to enforce or apply our rights and agreements, or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is necessary or advisable, including, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of our businesses, our websites, our customers, our users, or others, as permitted under the applicable laws, or as otherwise required by law or by government and regulatory entities. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Changes to Our California Privacy Disclosures
We reserve the right to amend these California specific privacy disclosures at our discretion and at any time. EmployBridge therefore asks all concerned California residents to check it occasionally to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version.
Offline, leave a message
X
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us. We will reach out to you within the next 24 hours.
An error was encountered and your message was not submitted. Please try again later.
Chat is Currently Offline,Please leave a message.
Name:
Email:
Message:
EmployBridge uses cookies on this website to track your preferences and activities to ensure effective use of the site. For more information, visit our privacy policy.