http://www.nomensa.com/privacy
Privacy policy
Who are we?
When we say ‘we’, we mean Nomensa who is the data controller for the information in this overview. This means we are responsible for deciding how we use your information in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We want you to be confident in the way we handle your data and we take your online privacy seriously. We process your data in accordance with UK data privacy laws and only process personal data when it is relevant to our dealings with you.
What kind of personal data do we collect from you?
When the enquiry form is completed we collect personal data such as first name, last name, organisation name, email address, and contact phone number for the purpose of dealing with your enquiry. If you consent, we will also use that information for the purpose of keeping you up to date with our work.When you use the website the pages viewed are collected as aggregate data for the purpose of optimising and improving the website.If you take part in research conducted by Nomensa, that is covered by our participant data-protection policy provided to all participants.
How do we obtain personal data?
First of all, we collect personal data that you choose to voluntarily provide to us. We collect and receive personal data through marketing initiatives, usability testing programmes and other areas of legitimate interest such as recruitment. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
In addition, we collect certain personal data by using cookies, including similar technologies such as local storage when you visit the website.We may disclose your personal information to third parties that are specifically engaged by us to provide services to us, in which case we will require those parties to keep that information confidential and secure and to use it solely for the purpose of providing the specified services to us.
In order to optimise and improve our website we use some carefully selected tools that capture some of your activity: Google Analytics, HotJar and Pardot.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to view anonymised information about our website’s performance such as the most frequently viewed pages, average time on page and acquisition sources. This helps us understand which areas of our website are popular and which we need to improve.
For more information, please read Google’s Terms and Conditions.
HotJar
HotJar is a tool that aggregates anonymised data on how visitors to our site use are using it, such as which areas of the page are clicked most frequently, depth of scroll, how pages are used and interacted with, type of device and browser used and the country you are (probably) in.
For more information on Hotjar, how it collects data, what data it collects please and how to opt out of it collecting your information please read Hotjar's own privacy policy.
Pardot
Pardot is owned by Salesforce which is a Marketing Automation application that we use to analyse how visitors use our website. Pardot is used to analyse email campaigns and track onsite form completions.
For more information please read Pardot’s privacy policy.
Cookies
On the website, we use cookies for the following purposes:To gather website statistical data to analyse how our users use the website, such as which pages are visited, how long pages were visited and the paths taken by visitors to our website as they move from page to page. These cookies are placed by the domain www.nomensa.com
Each of these services will store cookies on your computer. Cookies do not contain any personal information about you. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive or mobile device when you visit certain websites. Cookies hold information that may be accessible by the party that places the cookie, which is either the website itself (first part cookie) or a third party (third party cookies). You do have control over cookies, and can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable or delete existing cookies. If you’d like to know more about cookies and how to delete them, we recommend the About Cookies website.
How long do we retain personal data for?
If you provide us with any data (for example your name or email address), we will retain your data for a maximum of two years in our Salesforce database. If you contact us through our website or sign up to our newsletter we will record your email address and any other information provided for the purpose of entering into correspondence with you about the matters raised in your form.You can contact us at any time to request visibility of what data we hold or request that we delete your records by emailing us on data@nomensa.com
If you’d like to find out more about Salesforce, please visit their Terms and Conditions page.
Email communications
If you have opted in to receive email communications from Nomensa, we will send you email newsletters approximately once a month. If you would like to opt out from these communications, you can unsubscribe following a link in the email or contact us at data@nomensa.com with 'Please unsubscribe me' in the subject line.
How do we protect your personal data?
To protect the security of your personal data, we implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures which include physical and technical security safeguards and a governance model that ensures that adequate policies, procedures and controls are in place within our organisation.If you would like any more information about how we manage data, please email us at data@nomensa.com
Your rights
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
The right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, information on whether or not your personal data are being processed and to receive the personal data that is being processed in an intelligible form
The right to have your personal data rectified, blocked or deleted if your personal data are incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate, irrelevant, outdated or processed unlawfully
The right to object on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal data
To exercise these rights, please contact us using our contact details set out below. We may request you to provide a copy of your ID card or otherwise evidence your identity. We will respond to your request within the applicable statutory term.
How to contact us
If you have any comments or enquiries about the information in this Privacy Statement, if you would like us to update your personal data, or to exercise your rights, please contact us by email at data@nomensa.com
We respect your right to ask Nomensa to delete all data we hold on you at any time. If you would like us to delete all data we hold on you, please email data@nomensa.com
Share this page:
Share this page on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share this page on LinkedIn (opens in a new window)