http://www.bytelevel.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
About
About us
News/Events
Consulting
Speaking
Contact us
Reports
2020 Web Globalization Report Card
2020 Web Globalization Best Practices and Emerging Trends
FLAG FREE: 10 Reasons to Remove Flags from Your Website
Destination: Marketing
Less Is Mobile: Strategies for Mobile Globalization
Geolocation for Global Success
The Web Globalization Report Card Library
All reports
Speaking
Design
Country Codes of the World
Super-sized Country Codes of the World
Think Outside the Country
Language Connects People
See the World: A Multilingual Eye Chart
Internationalized Domain Names (IDNs)
Coffee Codes of the World
Country Codes of Africa
Country Codes of the EU
Books
Think Outside the Country
Think Outside the Country (Japanese Edition)
The Art of the Global Gateway
The Savvy Client's Guide to Translation Agencies
Beyond Borders: Web Globalization Strategies
Byte Level Books
Consulting
Web Globalization Benchmark
Corporate Training
Resources
Global by Design
Spanish for the US
A Guide to Going Global
Articles & Interviews
Globalization Glossary
Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Byte Level Research uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Byte Level Research may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 24, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
payment information when an order is placed
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to keep in touch regarding news and events and also to provide online shopping. We may also reach out on occasion to learn more about what topics, books and products you'd like to see offered. Here are specific examples of what we may do with your information:
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
No more than once per year, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We would contact you by email only.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing John Yunker at jyunker (at) bytelevel.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. We will not charge any fee. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to John Yunker at jyunker (at) bytelevel.com. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Tweets by bytelevel
The Ultimate Web Globalization Guidebook
Also available in Japanese
A Web Globalization Pioneer
Founded in 2000, Byte Level Research was the first agency devoted to website and content globalization best practices. Over the years we have helped hundreds of companies improve their global content, websites and software through our reports, consulting, speaking and training sessions.
Questions?
Email John Yunker
Connect
"Think Outside the Country" is a registered trademark of John Yunker, Byte Level Research LLC.
Our Privacy Policy