https://www.1stonthelist.ca/privacy/
1st on the List Promotion Inc. – Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy page was Last Updated on June 11, 2018.
This privacy policy is for the website www.1stonthelist.com and served by 1st on the List Promotion Inc., 201 – 33119 South Fraser Way, Abbotsford BC, V2S 2B1, Canada, and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. 1st on the List near Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada specializes in custom SEO, SEO web design, and PPC advertising services. Your Privacy – 1stonthelist.com is committed to protecting your privacy whenever we collect, store, utilize or disclose the personal (and non-personal) information that you voluntarily provide to our Search Engine Optimization firm. This website and its owners, take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all Canadian national laws and requirements for user privacy as well as the new European Data Protection Law, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In compliance with the GDPR, Canadian Spam Laws, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2013, all email subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable, clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will by detailed instead. Security – Our SEO company also utilizes appropriate security measures during data collection, storage, and application to provide protection against any unauthorized access to (or inappropriate use of) the information stored on our website. Your information will never be sold, traded, or otherwise utilized for any purpose outside our contractual agreement(s). Privacy Policy Changes – At our discretion, 1stonthelist.com reserves the right to update and revise the content within this website at any time, including this privacy policy. Acceptance of Use – By voluntarily accessing and using this 1stonthelist.com website you are indicating your unequivocal acceptance to the terms and conditions of this website and the information contained within this Privacy Policy. CONSENT – By consenting to this privacy policy you are giving 1st on the List permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified. Consent is required for 1st on the List to process any data provided by you and must be explicitly given. 1st on the List will not pass on your personal data to any third party without first obtaining your consent. Where we are asking you for sensitive data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used. You can address any questions, concerns, complaints or withdrawal of your consent by notifying us through email, by phone, or through our online contact form noted below. Request User Data
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, about this 1stonthelist.ca website, or about any of the SEO services we provide, please contact us online, send us an email, or call office at 1-888-262-6687.
Trusted SEO Experts, Delivering Results Since 1997. GET PROPOSAL
COMPANY About Team What Makes Us Different Who We Work With
SERVICES SEO Local SEO Audits Pay Per Click Social Media Web Design
RECOGNITION Client Results Case Studies Web Design Portfolio Testimonials
CONTACT 201 – 33119 South Fraser Way Abbotsford BC, Canada V2S 2B1
1-888-262-6687  contact@1stonthelist.ca
By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies.AcceptRejectPrivacy Policy
Scroll to top