https://www.bes.com.au/privacy-policy
1300 237 487
sales@bes.com.au
Blog
Search
Cancel
Home
Solutions
Business Continuity
Business Continuity Audits
Disaster Recovery
Redundant Internet
Data Spot 365
Education Focused Solutions
IT Security Solutions
Managed Security Suite
End Point Security
Firewalls
Security Essentials Programme
Dark Web Monitoring
IT Security Audits
Security Awareness Training
IT Support
Desktop Support
Onsite And Remote Support
After Hours Monitoring Service
Servers And Networks
Work From Home Support
Managed Data Backup
Microsoft 365 (Office 365)
StorageCraft Cloud Backup
Products
Products
IT Procurement - Hardware, Software And Infrastructure
Audio Visual
Microfilm Scanners
IP Surveillance
Servers and Storage
Wireless Technology
Power Protection
Vendors and Partners
Apple
Apple for Education
D-Link for Business
Dell EMC
Eaton
Epson
Fortinet
Hewlett Packard
HP Enterprise / Aruba
Jabra
Jamf
Logitech
Microsoft
NBN Co
NCC Group
Nutanix
PC Locs
Saasyan Assure
STM
StorageCraft
Targus
Trustwave
VMware
WatchGuard
Webroot
Client Support
New Clients
Existing Clients
Client Resources
About us
Company
About BES IT Systems
BES Live: YouTube Channel
Events
Blog
Work for BES
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Credit Application Form
Customers
Customer Testimonials
Case Studies
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BES IT Systems Respects Your Privacy And Is Committed To Its Protection
We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principals of the Privacy Act 1988(Cth).
This privacy policy explains when and why we collect your personal information, and what use we make of that information. The policy also explains where and why your information may be disclosed to third parties, and the security measures used by BES IT Systems to help protect your personal information.
When and Why BES IT Systems collects your information
BES IT Systems collects the information you give us either via online or by email, post, facsimile, face to face, over the phone or through our reseller channel, including wholesalers and partners. In most cases, the personal information BES IT Systems will collect from you is the personal information required in order to provide services to you, and also for ongoing management and support of those services. This information includes your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, ABN and facsimile number. We also collect your payment details such as your credit card number or bank account details.
BES IT Systems makes limited use of cookies on this website. A cookie is a small message given to your web browser by our web server in order to store information about user preferences. We use cookies to provide information on our product offerings through content networks across the internet, to track your interaction within our website(s) as well as to personalise the experiences you have on our website(s). You always have the option to disable cookies by turning them off in your browser but you may find that this reduces the functionality of our website.
Information from Social Media Platforms: If you choose to engage with BES IT Systems via a social media account or channel, we may receive certain information about you from your applicable social media provider. Exactly what information we might receive will depend on your social media privacy settings, but will typically include your basic profile information and email address. We will process this information in order to understand how you engage with our Services. Our legal basis for processing this information is our legitimate interests in understanding how our Customers and prospective customers engage with our Services.
Information from Applicants. We may also receive your name, organisation name, telephone number, and/or email address, from an applicant seeking employment with BES IT Systems for purposes of contacting you for a professional reference. Our legal basis for processing this information is our legitimate interests in assuring that we hire the most qualified individuals for a particular role.
How BES IT Systems uses your information
We collect and use your personal information to deliver our services to you. This will include provision to you of sales and technical support, billing and credit control, renewal notices, maintenance notices, system changes and other functions relevant to your services with us.
We may use your information to contact you for marketing purposes including but not limited to new products, services, promotions, giveaways, via email and telephone. If you do not wish to receive any marketing communications from BES IT Systems, you may opt out and stop the delivery of future promotional material from BES IT Systems by following the special instructionsin the email you receive. These instructions will tell you how to remove your name from our promotional list.
We may monitor telephone conversations with you in order to facilitate staff training and to maintain our high levels of customer service. We will always inform you prior to any telephone conversation which is monitored in this way to obtain your prior approval.
Disclosure of your information to Third Parties
We may supply your personal information to third parties to perform services on our behalf.
Most often this information is supplied to manufacturers (eg. Microsoft, Hewlett Packard, IBM etc) so that they can supply software licences under your registered name/identity and it also enables the manufacture to perform authorise warranty repairs on purchased hardware.
Accuracy / Access
If you believe that BES IT Systems may hold personal information about you which is inaccurate, or you wish to change or update any of the personal information you have provided, please contact us by using this web form or email our Privacy Officer at privacy@bes.com.au
Security and Storage of your information
The transfer of information across any media may involve a certain degree of risk, and the Internet is no different. However, helping you to keep your information secure is very important to BES IT Systems.
In order to protect the security of personal information transmitted to BES IT Systems online, our Web servers support the use of the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Protocol where appropriate. Using this protocol, information transferred between our systems is encrypted.
You can also use simple precautions to help protect your security, such as protecting against the unauthorised use of your username or password or other authentication id.
We understand that the security of your personal information is important. We provide appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your personal information. We use appropriate security measures on our websites and in our products and Services to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information in our control. These security measures include use of Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”), firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention, network monitoring, physical and site security, encryption, and passwords. The Internet, however, is an open environment and information may flow across various networks, some of which employ inadequate security measures, resulting in unauthorized access to information. Transmission of such information is therefore entirely at your own risk. While it is impossible to protect a website or an online product or service completely, BES IT Systems works hard to keep your information safe.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone, you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
If we store information you provide to us, we do so on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions are transmitted using SSL technology.
BES IT Systems will not view the contents of the backup images or files you store using a BES IT Systems cloud product unless you request us to for technical support and then only if we are able. BES IT Systems and/or its products, however, may access file folder names, file extensions, file size information, and the like in order to deliver cloud products and associated technical support to you.
Special categories of Personal Information
BES IT Systems does not seek to collect or process sensitive personal information and takes affirmative action to avoid the inadvertent collection or processing of such information. If sensitive personal information is provided to BES IT Systems by a Customer (or you acting on behalf of a Customer), BES IT Systems will process such information in order to provide its cloud products to the Customer and only as instructed by the Customer.
Disclosure of your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
To our corporate affiliates, third party service providers and partners who process your personal information when assisting us in conducting our business, providing you with our products or Services, or offering our products or Services. These third parties may not use your information for purposes other than these.
To an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers), if, for strategic or other business reasons, BES IT Systems decided to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize any part of its business in any countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure or transfer to prospective or actual purchasers of personal information that BES IT Systems, or its designee, has in its possession. Should such a sale, merger, or transfer occur, we will inform the transferee to use your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy.
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with the law, including an order of any competent court; (b) protect and defend the rights, interests or property of BES IT Systems or any other person (including in connection the enforcement of our agreements); (c) protect your safety or the safety of others; (d) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (e) act in urgent circumstances or emergencies; or (f) provide the products or Services we have agreed to provide to you or to those you have asked to act on your behalf.
To any other person, when you agree and consent to such sharing, or when disclosure is necessary to deliver the products or Services you have contracted to receive from us.
International Transfers
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), the information that we collect from you, including personal information relating to you or Customer Relationship Information that we process in providing a Service, may be transferred to, and processed by, BES IT Systems corporate affiliates and service providers outside the EEA for the purposes described in this Policy. Our corporate affiliates and service providers operate around the world.
These affiliates and service providers may be based in territories whose data protection laws are different from those of the country or region in which you are based, but we will always protect your personal information in accordance with this Policy. In addition, we will protect transfers to countries outside the EEA with appropriate safeguards, such as using standard contractual clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission or by certification with the US-EU and/or US-Switzerland Privacy Shield regime.
Your Legal Rights
If you are a resident of the EEA you have the following data protection rights with regard to the processing of your personal information:
The right to access to your personal information processed by BES IT Systems.
The right to rectification of personal information held by BES IT Systems where it is incomplete or inaccurate.
The right, in some circumstances, to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) of personal information.
The right, in some circumstances, to restrict BES IT Systems processing of your personal information.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority concerning our processing of your personal information.
To the extent BES IT Systems processing of your personal information is based on consent, the right to withdraw such consent. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
The right to object to BES IT Systems processing of your personal information where such processing is based on legitimate interests.
The right to opt-out of BES IT Systems processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Where certain conditions are met, the right to have your personal information provided in a machine-readable format and that you may transmit to another controller.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
You can exercise any of the above rights at any time by contacting us via email privacy@bes.com.au
Third Party Sites
From time to time, our website may contain links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
Social Media
As outlined above, our website may include social media features, such as buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services, (e.g. a Facebook "Like" button). When you interact with these features, information that you have entered into the social media platform may be passed along to us. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view a BES IT Systems website containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the provider of the social media service. Please read the relevant social media privacy policy of the respective provider for more information regarding its use of that information.
Accessing and Updating your information
BES IT Systems gives you access to a range of information about your account and your interactions with BES IT Systems. If you are a user of a BES IT Systems web portal, you can view much of the information we have about you. You can also write to us at privacy@bes.com.au to obtain the information we have about you, as well as change, update or request deletion of that information. To protect your privacy and security, we may require that you complete certain steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your information.
Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information
BES IT Systems does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If BES IT Systems learns that we have collected personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online.
Data Retention
Please note that we need to retain certain personal information about you and our Customers where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. This for example might include providing you or our Customer with a Service you have requested, to comply with legal or other internal business requirements, such as fraud prevention and accounting purposes. In addition, we retain backup images that our enterprise customers store with us through our cloud products for the duration they instruct.
We will retain and use personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect rights and enforce our agreements. Although it is not always possible to delete all instances of an individual’s personal information from all backup media, our backup media is protected by robust physical security measures, as well as encryption, and is disposed of securely when the media is retired.
Changes
BES IT Systems may make changes to its privacy policy from time to time. You should check our privacy policy periodically to see if there are changes that affect you.
Head to our Terms and Conditions page to access our Standard T&C's and our Phone and Internet T&C's.
Get in touch with us
16 Cinderella Drive,
Springwood, QLD.
Get in touch with us
16 Cinderella Drive,
Springwood, QLD.
1300 237 487
info@bes.com.au
www.bes.com.au
Call 1300 BES ITS (1300 237 487) or email info@bes.com.au
Solutions
Business Continuity
Data Spot 365
Education Focused Solutions
IT Security Solutions
Managed Data Backup
Microsoft 365
Storagecraft Cloud Backup
Products
Vendors and Partners
IT Procurement Service
Audio Visual Products
Microfilm Scanners
IP Surveillance Products
Servers and Storage Solutions
Wireless Technology
Power Protection
About Us
BES YouTube Channel
Events
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Credit Application Form
Customer Testimonials
Case Studies
Client Support
New Clients
Existing Clients
Client Resources
Contact Us
BES IT Systems ©
All Rights Reserved
BES Information Technology Systems
www.bes.com.au
Reviewed by 43 Clients. Rated:
4.7 / 5