http://www.xigla.com/policies/privacy.htm
XIGLA Software
Web Based Software and ASP.NET Development
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
My Shopping Cart
Home
Products
Bundles
News
Testimonials
Contact Us
Our Products & Brands
XIGLA SOFTWARE PRIVACY POLICY
We at Xigla Software, recognize your right to confidentiality and are
committed to protecting your privacy. The information contained herein
strives to help you understand just how much personal information is
(and is not) collected on our web site and how it is used.
Please read the following disclosures to understand Xigla Software's
privacy practices.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Xigla Software is the sole owner of the information collected on this
site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in
ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Xigla Software
collects information from our users at several different points on
our web site.
FORMS
In order to use some of our services, users must complete various forms
on our site. These forms requires users to supply their contact information
(e.g., name and email address). We use this contact information to
respond to users about the services for which they have inquired or
to notify them of special offers.
ORDERING PROCESS
Customers who buy through Xigla Software are shopping on a secure server
hosted by ShareIT! (A service of Element 5 AG : http://www.shareit.com),
which is the company that receives payments on behalf of Xigla Software.
ShareIT, process all the orders for our products and encrypts all of
the customer's personal information including name, address, email
address and credit card numbers. Encryption ensures that no one can
access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.
After ordering our software from our web site or partner web site (www.shareit.com),
and once the order is verified an approved by ShareIT!, we collect the
purchaser's name, company, email address, mailing address, phone number,
state, city, country and URL (Xigla Software does not collect any credit
card numbers).
When installing our software, you should provide your Order ID and Company
name in order to correctly register it. Our applications, may collect
and send back information about the location where the application has
been installed. This information is entirely restricted to the IP address
where the application is installed, no other information will be collected
or sent back to Xigla Software.
COOKIES
As is the case with many web sites, certain portions of Xigla Software
site may utilize a common technology known as "cookies" to
collect and/or store information about you. We may save information
regarding your visit to our web site via cookies. We do not send out
cookies to any third parties except as described above.
A cookie is a small piece of information that is written to and read
from your hard drive by your browser at the request of our Web pages.
Information stored in cookies is not accessible to Web pages from other
web sites. Cookies themselves cannot retrieve any information about you
or your computer's configuration, as well as a cookie cannot be executed
as code or deliver viruses.
LINKS
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that
Xigla Software is not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected
by this web site.
EMAIL ADDRESSES USAGE
Xigla Software does not sell, trade or rent your email address to others.
We ask for your e-mail address so that we may contact you to inform
you of updates, special offers, or other software that we think would
be of interest to you. We know that our customers and visitors are
very sensitive to receiving spam, or unsolicited email; hence we are
very careful about what we send out and to whom.
When you participate in a contest, promotion or survey, we may ask for
your name, address, e-mail address or other information.
SECURITY
We also take precautions to protect visitor information off-line and
on-line. All of our visitor's information, not just the sensitive information
mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only authorized employees
who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a
customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable
information.
MODIFICATION
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect
and how we use it.
Please feel free to contact Xigla Software at info@xigla.com if
you have further questions regarding our privacy practices.
« Back To The Last Visited
Page
back to top
xigla.com |
xigla.tv |
online brands
Upgrade Policy |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Copyright© XIGLA SOFTWARE - Part of the JaxBird Technologies Network
Web hosting by DiscountASP.NET
- Security by Twilium - Site Optimization & SEO by Pogler