http://www.prospero.org/privacy.php
Privacy Policy Statement
prospero.org
Our postal address is:
Clifford Neuman
PO Box 12232
Marina del Rey, CA 90295
We can be reached at the address above, or via e-mail at
contactus@prospero.org
Privacy Policy
For each visit to our web page, our web server records the IP address
from which the connection originates.
This may be be used to determine
information about the visitors domain name, ISP, affiliated
organization, or location.
The server also collects information about
the user's computer, browser, operating system, and other information
sent by the browser including the URL of the last page visited from
which a link was followed to our site.
Cookies and/or web beacons may
be set and read by third party ad servers and web site analysis
software (such as Google Analytics) that enable repeat visits to be
recognized, and support the analysis of visit specific information
about the pages that are accessed.
The information set and collected
by such third party services could potentially be used to correlate
data about visits to pages on this site, with information collected
when the user visits other internet sites.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to message
forums available on our site, but only when such information is
specifically provided to us by the visitor.
We also collect the
e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
We use the information we collect to improve the content of our Web
page, and to respond to requests by users.
We do not use this
information for marketing purposes, although information collected by
the third party services described above might be used for such
purposes according to their stated policies (see the list of third
party services below).
Some of our sites have associated mailing lists which visitors may
request to join.
If a visitor joins a mailing list we will from time
to time send them messages that are posted to the joined list.
Visitors may request removal from the mailing list through the same
means by which they joined, or they may contact us for removal at the
e-mail address listed above.
The information collected by us is stored by our web site hosting
provider, and as a result is available to them (whether we
specifically choose to share it or not). Similarly, some of the data
described above is managed by analysis tools (e.g. Google Analytics),
and as a result is available to them. Our site uses ad servers to
display ads that are of interest to you - these are relationships with
other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a
result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect
information including your domain type, domain name, your IP address
and clickstream information.
Any breach in protection of such data
while it is stored on servers of these third parties could result in
the information becoming available to others.
For further information about the information collected by these other
companies, and what they do with this information, please consult the privacy
policies found on the websites for the following services:
ServiceWeb site
Google Adsensegoogle.com/adsense
Google Analyticsgoogle.com/analytics
Commission Junctioncj.com
Linkshare Corporationlinkshare.com
Performicsperformics.com
Amazon.comamazon.com
1 and 11and1.com
Additionally, clicking on an external link (a link that takes you to
web site other than our own) from a page on our site, may provide
information to the other site regarding the URL of page on our site
from which you clicked their link.
Such external sites may collect
information acording to their own privacy policy, or even without
limitation by a published privacy policy at all.
If you wish to block the setting of and or reading of cookies you
should consult the documentation for your web browser.
Even if you
block the use of cookies, certain other information including your IP
address, and referal URL (and other information provided by your
browser) may still be available and collected by this site, or by the
third party services listed above. For a good discussion regarding
internet privacy, including tips for limiting the information
available to websites, see
http://security.bcneuman.com/internetprivacy.php.
If you feel that this site (or any of the other sites we rely upon and
have listed above) are not following its stated information policy,
you may contact us at the address or phone number above.