http://www.datamininglab.com/privacy
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Elder Research Privacy Policy
Elder Research is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the Elder Research website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Elder Research website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collecting Personal Information
Elder Research may collect, store, and use personally identifiable information, such as:
Information, such as your email address, name, company, job title, address, or telephone number that you enter when you submit a form, respond to a survey, or register for subscriptions to our blog, webinars, emails, and/or newsletter on our website;
Anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your postal code, preferences, interests, and favorites;
Information about your computer hardware and software may include: your IP address, browser type and version, operating system, geographic location, or domain names;
Information about your visits to and use of this website including the referral source, length of visit, access times, page views, and website navigation paths;
Information that is generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it.
This information is used by Elder Research for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Elder Research website.
We do not collect sensitive personal data, e.g., personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, and the processing of genetic data or biometric data in order to uniquely identify a person or data concerning health, sex life, or sexual orientation.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through, for example, Elder Research public message boards, blog comments, etc., this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Elder Research does not read any of your private online communications.
Use of Personal Information
Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website. We may use your personal information for the following:
administering our website and business;
personalizing our website for you;
supplying services purchased through our website;
sending you non-marketing commercial communications;
sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
sending you marketing communications relating to our or our affiliate’s business which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
inform you of other products or services available from Elder Research and its affiliates;
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
providing third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website;
developing and improving the network security, efficiency, and technical specification of our IT systems and infrastructure;
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the limitations you stipulate to us.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
Except as provided in this policy, Elder Research will not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties. We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing. Elder Research may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Elder Research may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Elder Research, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Elder Research does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
International Data Transfers
Information that we collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States of America.
Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section.
Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Elder Research pages, or register with Elder Research site or services, a cookie helps Elder Research to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Elder Research website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Elder Research features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of websites you visit. You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer.
We use cookies from Google Analytics, Adwords and LinkedIn on our website to:
recognize a computer when a user visits the website
track users as they navigate the website
improve the website’s usability
analyze the use of the website
administer the website
prevent fraud and improve the security of the website
personalize the website for each user
target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users
Retaining Personal Information
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.
How long we retain your data depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process your data. Your data will not be retained for a period longer than necessary for the purpose for which we have processed your data, plus any statutory period during which we need to retain the data to resolve any legal claims. Your data will be retained until you request the deletion of your subscriber profile plus any legal statutory period and we will fulfill your deletion request without undue delay and within the time periods required by law. Information retained during the legal statutory period will be minimized to only the data strictly necessary to resolve any legal claims that may arise.
However, it may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all your personal data from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Security of your Personal Information
Elder Research will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, or alteration of your personal information. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Unfortunately, no security measures are completely secure. We therefore cannot guarantee that your personal data will not be disclosed, misused, or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others. Further, we cannot control dissemination of personal data you post in the public domain and you should have no expectation of privacy in respect to such data.
If applicable, you are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing any special password protected areas of our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
Third Party Websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to third party websites. Elder Research encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Updating Information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected, updated, or deleted (See Contact Information section below).
Amendments
Elder Research may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this statement or if you would like to exercise any rights you may have in relation to your personal data, please contact us at contact@elderresearch.com. Elder Research welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that Elder Research has not adhered to this Policy, please contact Elder Research and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.