http://www.ebusinessdomains.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyKevin Jackson2018-08-14T00:23:25+00:00
Privacy and Cookies
We take your privacy seriously.
Widest Media (eBusinessDomains.com) is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
During the process of delivering our content and information to you, we may collect some personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. We may also obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). This non-personally identifiable information collected by us is used for the purpose of analyzing our traffic and sometimes for targeting ads.
When you place a domain name or website for sale on our site, we may collect certain personal information to identify you, and to assist you in selling your site. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your permission, except in the following circumstances: (i) to protect ourselves from liability; or (ii) to respond to a legal process or comply with the law.
Cookies
eBusinessDomains.com, as well as most sites on the Internet, use cookies to enhance your experience on the Internet. Generally, we cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. The only time we can use cookies to personally identify you is when you use the password-protected areas of eBusinessDomains.com and you choose to enable cookie identification. Basically, we use cookies to allow you to enjoy our site more and to make your visit to our site easier. While we believe that cookies enhance your Internet experience, they are not required to use our site.
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser’s Help documentation for more information.
Third Party Ads
At times Widest Media works with third parties that serve ads to and on eBusinessDomains.com. Some of these third parties may also use cookies in conjunction with their ads. Widest Media may also work with advertisers who may collect information that you would voluntarily provide to them. Please refer to those advertisers individual privacy policies for information on how they manage the privacy of information.
Opting Out
If, at any time, you no longer wish to receive the information you originally requested to receive from us, please contact us and we will remove your information from our system.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about our dedication to consumer privacy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Buy DomainsDOMAINS FOR SALE
Browse our list of premium domain names that you can buy or make an offer for.
Read MoreDOMAIN ACQUISITION
We can help you acquire the right premium domain name to brand your business and/or website.
Read MorePREMIUM DOMAINSLearn why investing in a premium domain name for your brand is the right thing to do.Read MoreDOMAIN TUTORIALSLearn about domain names, and how you can acquire the right domain name for your brand.Read More
This website uses cookies and third party services for tracking and website performance purposes. You can read our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions to learn more.
Accept
Go to Top