http://www.hallnet.co.uk/privacy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
At Hallnet we are committed to protecting your information and respecting your privacy.
This notice sets out what personal information we may collect about you, how we may use it and your rights in relation to your personal information that we hold
Why we may collect your information
We rely on the following legal reasons for collecting and processing your personal information:
To fulfil a contract with you
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
In pursuit of our legitimate interests. This is when we have a reasonable business reason to use your information, including:
fulfilling our duties to our customers, colleagues and other stakeholders
selling and supplying services to our customers
protecting customers, employees and other individuals and maintaining their safety, health and welfare
promoting, marketing and advertising our products and services
sending promotional communications which are relevant and tailored to individual customers
understanding our customers’ behaviour, activities, preferences, and needs
improving existing
products and services
developing new products and services
handling customer contacts, queries, complaints or disputes
Where you give your consent. In general, we only rely on consent as a legal basis in relation to sending direct marketing communications to customers. See ‘Marketing’ for more.
What information we may collect
Throughout your relationship with us we may collect various types of personal information, which we classify as follows. Of course, we don’t collect all of this information from everyone, only as and when necessary.
Identifying (e.g. Name, user name, online identifier)
Contact (e.g. Email addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers)
Communication (e.g. Emails, letters, web chat, telephone conversations)
Social (e.g. Friends, colleagues, connections, groups)
Public (e.g. Information in the public domain such as Companies House and social media)
Preference (e.g. Consents, intentions, options)
Location (e.g. Country, coordinates)
Device (e.g. IP address, browser, device information)
Behavioural (e.g. How and when you use our websites and services)
Financial (e.g. Payment information)
Professional (e.g. Employer, Job title, employer contact details)
Demographic
(e.g. Age and individual characteristics)
Additional Information we may collect from job applicants & employees:
Identifying (e.g. National Insurance Number)
Professional (e.g. Work history, education, references, interviews, employee files, disciplinary actions)
Special Category (Only where permitted by law we may collect Medical Records through an Occupational Health service)
Criminal Offence (Only where permitted by law we may collect data on unspent criminal convictions through the Disclosure & Barring Service)
These lists are not exhaustive and, in specific instances, we may need to collect additional data for the purposes outlined earlier in this notice.
Our website and services are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
How we might collect your information
Your personal data may be collected:
Directly, for example when you:
Contact us via our websites, by phone, by email or by social media
Ask us for a quote or place an order
Sign up to our newsletter or updates
Enter competitions and prize draws
Interact with us in person including at exhibitions and networking events
Ask us to keep in touch with you;
Complete a survey or send us feedback about our websites, product or services
Apply for a job or begin employment with us
Indirectly, for example your browsing activity or IP address
This may include the use of ‘cookies. (See ‘All about cookies’ for more)
From third parties that have your consent to pass your details to us
From trusted third parties that we use to operate our business processes, products and services
From public sources
We may obtain information about your computer & usage of our website and online services by using ‘cookies’.
If you choose not to provide your information
If you choose not to provide the personal information that we ask for, it may delay or prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we cannot deliver or perform the products or services that you require from us.
Please note that any optional information that we ask for would be made clear at the point of collection.
Using your information for marketing
If you agree, we would like to send you information from our brands (Hallnet and Active Housing) about our products, services and events which we feel may be of interest to you.
If you have given your consent to marketing, you may opt out at a later date by contacting us (see ‘How to contact us’).
All about cookies
We may obtain information about your computer & how you use our website and online services by using ‘cookies’.
Cookies enable us to:
Give you a better online experience
Protect your security
Measure and improve our service
We may set the following types of cookie:
Strictly necessary cookies - necessary in order for you to use a feature
Functionality cookies - records your preferences, allowing us to remember these for next time you visit
Performance cookies - help us monitor usage to help us improve our products and services
These cookies may be ‘session’ or ‘persistent’.
Session cookies - not stored on your hard drive and only remain active until you close your browser.
Persistent cookies - stored on your hard drive and remain active until they expire or you delete them manually.
Cookies may be set by us (known as ‘first party’ cookies) or, where necessary, by third party companies (known as ‘third party’ cookies).
The examples below are cookies that may be set via this website:
laravel-session, XSRF-TOKEN
Purpose: Used for security purposes to mitigate Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks
Type: Security, First Party
_ga, _gid
Purpose: Google Analytics tracking code to enable us to monitor statistical usage data
Type: Performance, Third Party
cookieconsent_status
Purpose: Records the response to the cookie notice displayed on the website
Type: Functional, Third Party
Managing Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
How long we keep your information for
We will retain your personal information for no longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless we cannot delete it for legal, regulatory or technical reasons. We may also keep it for statistical purposes. If we do so, we will make sure that your privacy is protected and only use it for those purposes.
Sharing your information
We may share your personal information between our brands (‘Hallnet’ and ‘Active Housing’) and with these types of organisations:
Applies to Everyone
Only where necessary, third party organisations that we use to operate our business processes, products and services. This may include: Amazon Web Services, Atlassian, Clearbooks, Favro, Google, Hootsuite, MailChimp, Microsoft, Rackspace and SupportBee
Government and regulators
Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies
Individuals or companies that introduce you to us
Individuals or companies that we introduce you to
Market researchers
Any organisation that you request we share your information with
A prospective buyer of our business or assets
Applies to Employees
Our accountants, solicitors and payroll provider
Employee benefit scheme operators
Our pension scheme operator
Occupational health practitioners
Please note: We will not provide your personal information to other organisations for marketing purposes.
Sending information outside of the EEA
The personal information that we collect from you, or you provide to us, may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") only if necessary to:
Follow your instructions
Comply with a legal duty
Fulfil a contract with you or
Work with a third party that we use to operate our business processes, products and services
In such cases, we take reasonable steps to choose established companies in countries with privacy laws recognised as ensuring an adequate level of protection or established companies that employ measures deemed to give similar protection, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.
Your rights
Once we hold your personal information, you have the right to:
Request a copy of the personal information we hold about you
You can also request a copy of some of your information in an electronic format so it can be passed to another organisation.
Request that we rectify anything incorrect in your personal information
If something is incorrect, we’ll do our best to rectify it.
Request that we delete your personal information
Remember that if you ask us to delete your information we won’t be able to provide you with our services. There may be legal reasons why we can’t delete your information but we’ll tell you if this is the case.
Request that we restrict the processing your personal information
You can ask us to stop processing your data but not delete it, for example if something is incorrect and it’s not yet rectified, it has been used unlawfully or it is no longer relevant.
Object to the processing of your data
You can object to the way in which your data is used, including for direct marketing.
Withdraw any consent you have previously given
Remember that if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to provide you with our services.
Automated Decision Making
In certain cases under data protection law you have the right to request that your personal information isn’t used to make automated decisions, instead requesting human intervention.
At this time we don’t make any automated decisions based on your personal information.
Exercising your rights
You may exercise your rights under this policy by writing to us (see ‘How to contact us’).
How to contact us
Have any questions or feedback?
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation as needed.
You may ask questions or provide feedback on this policy or our approach to data protection either by writing to us or by emailing dpo@hallnet.co.uk.
Have a complaint?
If you wish to make a complaint about the way we have processed your personal information, please write to us.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, such as the Information Commissioner's Office. For more see https://ico.org.uk
Need to write to us?
You can write to us at the address below:
Data Protection Officer
Hallnet Ltd.
Lowton Business Park,
Newton Road,
Warrington
WA3 2AP
Third party websites
Our website or other online content
may, from time to time, contain links to other websites.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites are operated by third parties responsible for processing personal data in accordance with their own privacy policies.
We would advise that you check any such policies before you submit any personal information through these websites.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review.
This privacy notice was last updated in March 2018.
Home
More Resources
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Standard Terms & Conditions
Ongoing Services
Supported Browsers & Devices
Work For Us
Home
Our Services
Why Hallnet?
Recent Results
Hallnet By Numbers
Client Comments
Team Profiles
Our Philosophy
Our Approach
Common Questions
From the Blog
Contact Us
Vision / About Us