http://www.cyberscrub.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
CyberScrub Privacy Policy
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact CyberScrub LLC via email (sales@cyberscrub.com) or
Mail:
CyberScrub LLC
Box 165
1025 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Suite 310
Mableton, GA 30126
CyberScrub LLC (“CyberScrub LLC”) has the following Privacy Policy with respect to information gathered on Web pages hosted or authorized by CyberScrub LLC (“Service Pages”). Such information is received by both CyberScrub LLC and the owner of the Web site through which you may have requested CyberScrub LLC services (the “Client”). You should contact the Client to determine the privacy policy, if any, that applies to the Client’s collection and use of such information. However, in no event shall CyberScrub LLC be liable for the Client’s use or disclosure of such information.
The terms “we” and “us” refer to CyberScrub LLC.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption to secure personal identification. In addition, personnel who have access to our database are trained to maintain and secure all information.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected on any CyberScrub LLC Web site, its designees, entities or submitted to CyberScrub LLC at any time through any Service Pages or other means.
Personally Identifiable Information-When visiting CyberScrub LLC Web site, its designees, entities or any Client’s Web site and signing up for or using CyberScrub LLC, its designees, entities or Client services through any Service Page or other means, you may choose to supply CyberScrub LLC, its designees, entities or Client with your email address or other information that identifies you personally. For End-Users, this information may include your name and contact information, gender, birth date, occupation and industry, shipping and billing information, credit card numbers and other payment information, behavior patterns, purchase history, and other information. For Clients, this information may include the Client’s name and contact information, the Client’s Web site information (name, URL, visitors per day, page views per month, description, categorization), payment information (check payee, SSN/Tax ID, bank information), and user comments.
Aggregate Information—We collect non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web site and services, and share the aggregate data with advertisers and other third parties.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself or others for any reason. Such reasons may include: administering a service, such as email, search, community, advertising sales, ecommerce; completing an order; shipping a product; replying to support requests; or contacting you if you have granted us permission to do so. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy and the End-User Agreement, we do not share this information with outside parties without your permission except to the extent that is necessary to administer the services we offer our Clients and End-Users or to comply in responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal proceedings.
From time to time, we also use the information you provide about yourself or others to inform you of additions or improvements to the CyberScrub LLC, its designees and or entities services and products as well as conduct member surveys in order to improve our services. Any supplier of information, such as customers, End-Users, trial download participants or others agree to receive information about first or third party services, goods or products via email or other means. Any supplier of information will have the opportunity to opt out of receiving email notification(s) from CyberScrub LLC and or its designees. We may also use personally identifiable End-User information to provide targeted content and commerce opportunities to End-Users based on their demographic and behavioral information.
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us without also providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such uses. By accepting this agreement I agree and give my permission, approval and consent, without exception, to receive email or other notification from CyberScrub LLC, its designees, entities or others.
How You Can Update Your Information
You can change your email address that CyberScrub LLC collects online and maintains by contacting change@cyberscrub.com. We will need your old and new email address. You, End-Users, Clients and other suppliers of information can also correct factual errors in their personally identifiable information by sending us a written request that credibly documents and explains the error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us by email (sales@cyberscrub.com) or
Postal mail:
CyberScrub LLC
Box 165
1025 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Suite 310
Mableton, GA 30126
Email, Search, and Community Specific Terms and Conditions
Content posted to public community areas is publicly available, and CyberScrub LLC reserves the right to remove any publicly posted content that it deems to be objectionable.