http://www.mintsol.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About MIS
Contact MIS
Answers
How To Choose A Website Company
What Can MIS Do For You? Websites!
What Is Boutique Website Hosting?
Is Website Design Important?
Which Website Design Option Is Best?
How Much Does a Website Cost?
What Is MailMoat?
What Is POFox?
What MIS Does
Defining Website Goals
Full Service Website Management
Website Hosting
Website Consulting
Theme-Based Site Design
Semi-Custom Website Design
Custom Website Design
Web Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
E–Mail Services
Custom Database Applications
Portfolio
This privacy policy describes the practices used by this website and applies solely to information collected by this website.
This policy will explain the following:
What personally identifiable information might be collected from you.
How MIS uses your data and under what circumstances it might be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
MIS is the sole owners of all information collected on, by and through this website. The only information MIS can collect and access is that which you voluntarily give via email or other direct contact from you. MIS will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
MIS will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason for your communication. MIS will not share your information with any outside party or organization except as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, or as may be required by law.
Unless you ask otherwise, MIS may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control over Your Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from MIS at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting MIS via email or phone:
See what data MIS has about you, if any.
Change/correct any data MIS has about you.
Have us delete any data MIS has about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Please contact MIS immediately if you feel that we are not abiding by this policy.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that MIS is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any other sites. MIS encourages our users to be aware when they leave this website and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
734.997.7000EMAIL: ask@mintsol.com
Call Us TodayYou'll Get An Answer!
Need Something More Personalized?If big companies and "off the rack" solutions aren't working for you, Contact MIS for a custom fit!
POFoxSMDoes spam in your inbox leave a bad taste in your mouth? Let POFox gobble it up for you!
MailMoatIt's like having a moat around your inbox. You control who gets in with MailMoat.
Choosing A Website Company
You’re a small business owner in Michigan and you know you need a website. You don’t have the time, knowledge, or interest to do it yourself.
You’re not a Fortune 500 company, so you can’t afford a cost-is-no-object solution, and you can’t afford to get it wrong.
How do you decide which Website Solutions Provider is right for you? » Find Out How To Decide!
Defining Goals For Your Website
Almost every customer that calls or walks in our door wants us to improve their search engine rank, to get their site more visitors, more “eyeballs”. Most of them don’t come out and say it, but what they’re really hoping for is more customers.
But more customers isn’t necessarily the only goal you may have for your website, or even the reason you want to update and improve it.
» What’s Your Goal?
View Our Portfolio
We’ve helped hundreds of clients with website solutions since 1996. Chances are, we’ve helped a small business a lot like yours!
While we don’t have room to showcase every small business we’ve ever helped, we do feature a nice cross-section of client sites here on our portfolio page.
Take a look! » View Our Portfolio