https://www.sqlpower.ca/privacy-policy/
×
Search for:
Menu
About Us
About SQL Power
Executive Team
Clients
Success Stories
Technology Partners
Products
Overview
Power Designer
Power Forms
Power EAS
XBRL Analytics
Tech Talk
Implementation Services
Data Integration
BI Reporting
Why Choose SQL Power Suite?
Solutions
eGovt Solutions
Financial Regulation
Registration & Licensing
Banking Supervision
Insurance Supervision
Securities & Exchange Commission
Onsite Inspections
End-to-End Automation
Risk Management
Advanced Analytics & Artificial Intelligence
Resources
Real Data for Government
AI the Future of Financial Regulation
Demystifying XBRL
Business Case for XBRL
BI Productivity Tools
Whitepapers
Videos
News
Request a Demo
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
The materials, which include text, images, software and other materials on the SQL Power website are provided by SQL Power for informational purposes only. By accessing SQL Power's website or downloading any materials from it, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out in this privacy policy.
Your private information will be regarded with the utmost respect. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.
General Disclaimers
SQL Power Group assumes no responsibility to you or any third party for any errors or omissions of any kind in the content of the SQL Power website and disclaims all warranties and/or conditions, express or implied, as to the content and to any matter relating to the site.
In no event will SQL Power Group be liable for any damages whatsoever, including special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages, arising out of, or in connection with, the use or performance of this website or the content available or referred to on this website.
Links To Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the informational content and all other material on sqlpower.ca. The SQL Power website does contain links to other sites. These sites are provided as a convenience and are beyond our control and responsibility. You are advised to check the privacy policies of those sites that you visit.
Resale/Disclosure Of Information To Third Parties
SQL Power Group does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you with anyone for any purpose that is not specifically permitted by law.
Changes
SQL Power Group has the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, as well as the right to change or remove any materials and/or content from their website, at any time, without notice.
If you have questions or comments about our administration of your personal information or have any other concerns, please contact us at info@sqlpower.ca
©2020 SQL Power Group |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us |
Request a Demo |
Request a 30 Day Trial |
Connect with SQL
Power: