http://www.worthingtondistribution.com/info/privacy.php
Home
Store
Dealer Store
Consumer Store
Catalog
Download Catalog
Training
Worthington University
Knowledge Base
Community Forum
Resources
Line Card
Company Info
News
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Blog
YouTube
Current Dealers can Login to view order history, view product information, view dealer pricing, place orders and download our newest catalog.
If you would like to become a dealer or sign up for online access, you can do so by clicking here.
Privacy Policy
Worthington Distribution understands that you value your
privacy and the security of your personal information, and we have developed
our privacy policy with that in mind. Use of Worthington Distribution
online and offline services indicates that you accept our privacy policy
as outlined below.
Your Information
Worthington Distribution collects information necessary to process your
orders. This information may include your name, address, telephone number,
email address, credit card number, etc. Worthington Distribution does
not rent, sell, or otherwise provide customer information to third parties.
We may, at times, be required to release your information including name,
address and items purchased to our vendors for reporting purposes. Your
financial information, however, is never shared with any third parties
except as required to process your order. We may send mail and/or email
based on your previous purchase history. Worthington Distribution may
also use your mailing address to send catalogs, newsletters, training
invitations, etc. You may have your information excluded from this list
by sending an email to customerservice@worthdist.com.
Cookies
The Worthington Distribution web site requires the use of cookies. These
cookies are used to retain your login information so that you may view
your account history, look up pricing and add items to your shopping cart.
If you do not wish to enable cookies in your web browser, you may place
your order by calling toll-free 1-800-282-8864.
Security
Your personal information is stored on Worthington Distribution's servers
behind a secure firewall, and your web transactions are conducted using
SSL technology. Your credit card information is stored on our servers
in an encrypted format for additional security.
Changes
Worthington Distribution may periodically revise this privacy policy to
reflect our changing and growing business. Changes will be posted on this
page, and we encourage you to check back regularly.
Join our email list for specials and discounts:
Click Here to Join!
Top Trainings
-101 - HAI Wiring-102 - HAI PC Access 3.0 Setup-103 - HAI PCAccess 3.0 Automation Programming-104 - HAI Automation Studio-151-Choosing the Right Camera for Your Application
Copyright © 2020 Worthington Distribution