http://www.hipcast.com/signup/privacy.htm
Toggle navigation
Home
Features
Podcast Directory
Sign up
Login
Use of private information policy (GDPR)
Last updated: March 01, 2019
Summary:
We respect the EU's General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and this
policy explains how we collect and treat any information you give us.
You won't find any complicated legal terms or long passages of
unreadable text. We've no desire to trick you into agreeing to something
you might later regret.
Our policy covers
Why we value your privacy
How we collect information
What information we hold
Where we store your information
What we use your information for
Who's responsible for your information at our company
Who has access to information about you
The steps we take to keep your information private
How to complain
Changes to the policy
Why we value your privacy
We value your privacy as much as we do our own, so we're committed to
keeping your personal and business information safe. We're uncomfortable
with the information companies, governments, and other organisations
keep on file, so we ask for only the bare minimum from our customers.
We'll never use your personal information for any reason other than why
you gave it, and we'll never give anyone access to it unless we're
forced to by law or as outlined below in order to communicate directly
with you.
How we collect information
We ask for contact information including your name, email address, and
phone number, on our website so that we can reply to your enquiry.
Our website does not use or employ scripts that were designed to track
the websites you visit.
We only use cookies to ensure that you stay logged in to your account,
and we only do this because at any time your page requests may be
handled by one of many internally managed web servers.
Our website does use social media 'like' or 'sharing' buttons for
major social media outlets, and those services may build profiles of
your internet activity.
We neither store any information from the use of these buttons, nor
query those social media outlets for any information except for totals
(such as # of likes, share counts, retweet counts, etc.), and none of
those details are saved by us.
We collect your email address when you sign up for our service, and we
only use that information to communicate with you regarding
service-related matters.
We ask for your payment and contact information when you open an account
with us that requires payment, and validation of the instrument(s) you
provides to us for that payment.
Occasionally, we might receive your contact information from one of our
partners. If we do, we protect it in exactly the same way as if you give
it to us directly.
What information we hold
When you contact us by email or through our website, we may collect your
name, email address, phone number, a social media username, and the
company you work for, if you've given us that.
If you sign up for a newsletter, we only collect your email address and,
if you choose to give it to us, your name. We do not redistribute, sell, lease,
or otherwise engage in any sharing of that information with any outside
companies, unless you explicitly direct us to do so.
If you do business with us, we may also collect your business name,
payment information such as credit card details and keep records of the
invoices we send you and the payments you make.
All purchases are processed by our credit card gateway vendor, and we store your credit card information in an encrypted form for automated billing purposes that you agree to in our terms of service when you open an account.
If the subscription plan you selected when you opened your account does
not require payment, we do not ask for or collect payment information
(Fan accounts, for example.).
Where we store your information
We utilize a single third party service, which we use for the sole
purpose of sending you service-related emails and ensure that it is
delivered.
That service,
SMTP.com, commits
in their Terms of Service that it does not store your personal
information (name and email we may provide them when we send email
through them), except for the purpose of email delivery, and that they
do not share your information with third parties. We specifically chose
this service because of their reputation and history of data security.
When you contact us by email or through our website, we store your your
information in our database, and/or the database of the Customer
Relationship Management (CRM) software we use and manage.
With the exception of SMTP.com and our credit card processor(s), we host
and manage all software used by our service in one or more secure data
centers, on physical servers we own, manage, and control internally.
Any person with access to these databases is employed by Hipcast or it's
parent company, VocalSpace LLC.
We do not allow third parties access to our servers or databases, and we
maintain PCI compliance for our bank(s) and credit card processor(s).
We also employ reverse firewalls to ensure that no software that is not
explicitly authorized by us to communicate with the public Internet can
do so.
What we use your information for
We occasionally use your contact information to send you details of our
products and services. When we do, you have the option to unsubscribe
from these communications and we won't send them to you again.
We use your information to send you invoices, statements, or password
reminders, for as long as you maintain an open account with us.
In the event you close your account, we permanently change your email
address to ensure it can't be used to contact you. However, if we
close your account through automation due to billing failure, we will
wait up to six months to change your email address, so that you have a
way to re-activate your account should you chose to, unless you inform
us that you will not re-open your account.
Who's responsible for your information at our company
Hipcast is responsible for the security of your information. You can
contact us by email at
support@hipcast.com, or using our
Contact Us form if you have
any concerns about the information we store or how we store it.
Who has access to information about you
When we store information in our own systems, only the people who need
it have access. Our management team have access to everything you've
provided, but individual employees have access to only what they need to
do their job.
We internally limit access to information based on the role of the
person accessing it to ensure that those who do not need access do not
get it.
The steps we take to keep your information private
Where we store your information in third-party services, we restrict
access to those account to employees who need it. We store passwords in
our own internal encrypted password manager, use a different randomly
generated password for each service, and never use the same password
twice.
How to complain
We take complaints very seriously. If you have any reason to complain
about the methods we employ to secure the privacy of your information,
please contact us by email at
privacy@hipcast.com or via our
Contact Us form.
If you're the letter writing type, we will happily accept your letters
here:
Hipcast.com c/o VocalSpace LLC
Hipcast Privacy Coordinator
2450 Lakeside Pkwy, Suite 150
Flower Mound Texas, 75022.
Changes to the policy
If we change the contents of this policy, those changes will become
effective the moment we publish them on our website.
Hipcast
Home
What is Hipcast?
Contact Hipcast
7 Day Free Trial
Features
Podcast Hosting
Audio and Video Blogging
The Cloud
Podcast Pages
(NEW)
Daily Media Backup
Follow Us
Follow @hipcast
Did you know?
Podcasting
is the most accessible form of syndication. The number of multimedia ready mobile devices has skyrocketed in the past few years, and so has your potential audience!
Copyright ©2020 hipcast |
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy |
Support/Help
×
Sign In
Username:
Password:
Forgot Your Password?