http://www.apex-is.com/privacy
HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
BLOG
Contact
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
April 21, 2017
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for
[Apex Integrated Solutions] and our website; apex-is.com. This privacy notice applies solely
to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Cookies
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (e.g., advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to the privacy notice, we will publish it on our site by updating this page. We encourage you to check this page frequently to learn about new updates to our privacy policies.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone or email by going to our Contact page
Service Areas
South Jersey
Boston, MA
Washington, DC
New York, NY
West Virginia
Central Jersey
Frederick, MD
New York City
New Jersey
Washington, DC
Philadelphia, PA
Monticello, VA
CONTACT
Contact us and we'll get back to you in two business days.
550 State Rd. Suite 102
Bensalem, PA 19020
(856) 452-0500
(856) 988-8801