http://www.i-mediapub.com/index.php/terms-of-service.html
HomeCurriculumK-12 STEM and Coding PathwayAfter-School STEM ProgramsElementary (K-5)Middle (6-8)High (9-12)Home School (K-12)Exploring Robots CampsProfessional DevelopmentFor Directors and AdministratorsSTEM Lab StationsCOVID-19 Special OfferPurchaseSTEM Labs ItemsClassroom PackagesHome School ItemsRobots (K-12)ContactContact UsAbout UsFAQsGet a Quote for a PORequest a PD SessionSTEM Blog
Print
Email
Terms of Service
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to all Websites, services, software, applications, Content and Interactive Media Publishing Products (as defined below) (collectively, the “Services”) provided to You by Interactive Media Publishing, (“IMP”, “We”, “Our”). Please read them carefully. In addition to these Terms, Your access to and use of the Services are governed by the IMP Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.ExploringRobotics.com, and www.ExploringRobots.com  (the “Privacy Policy”), and which is incorporated into these Terms by reference. Please read these Terms and the Privacy Policy carefully. These Terms govern Your use of the Services and constitute a binding agreement between You and IMP, and are deemed accepted by You and IMP. Your access to or use of the Services indicates Your acceptance to these Terms. If You do not accept these Terms stated here, do not use the Services. IMP reserves the right to revise these Terms at any time, at its sole discretion, by posting an updated version to the Website. You should visit this page periodically to review the most current Terms, because they are binding on You. By continuing to access or use the Services after updated terms have been posted, You agree to be bound by the updated Terms. The IMP Products may have additional terms and conditions that apply.
Definitions
“Content” means all content contained in the Website, including all text, images, audio content, videos, designs, graphics, information, logos, downloadable content, software, and any other content contained therein and all related patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, intellectual property and/or other proprietary information of IMP.
“IMP Product(s)” means and refers to any curriculum, robots, STEM products, educational products, accessories or other products purchased from IMP through the Website, any mobile application or otherwise.  It may also refer to products not created by IMP but sold on IMP websites, as IMP is an authorized reseller for several manufacturers of educational robots and STEM products.
“Post or Provide” (or any derivative thereof) means to upload, post, transmit, share, store, submit, link to or otherwise make available on the Website.
“We,” “Us,” and “Our” mean and refer to Interactive Media Publishing and its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates.
“Website” means any websites, web pages, and any subpages (including any mobile websites, web pages and subpages) under IMP's control, whether partial or otherwise. This includes, but is not limited to www.exploringrobots.com, www.exploringrobotics.com, www.Ed4Tech.com, www.RobotCourse.com  any subpages, and the website from which these terms of use were accessed from. This also includes the Content.
“You,” “Your,” and “User” mean and refer to all individuals and/or entities who are accessing or using the Website or the Services for any reason.
Eligibility and Account
If You are accepting these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, You have the authority to bind that company or legal entity to these Terms. You also certify that You are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection and use of and access to the Services. You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through Your internet connection are aware of these Terms and that they comply with them. These Terms are void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.
You must be 18 years of age or older and have a valid credit card to purchase any IMP Products on Our Website. You must be over the age of 13 to create an account on Our Website. If you are under the age of 18, you agree and warrant that you have Your parent or legal guardian’s consent to access Our Website. Some Services require You to create an account to participate in such Service. By creating an account, You represent that (i) You are over the age of 13, (ii) You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account and password, and (iii) You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under Your account or password. You hereby represent that all registration information You submit is accurate, current and complete and that You are solely responsible for the accuracy of such information. You agree to update Your account information to keep it current and accurate.
You agree not to impersonate or misrepresent Your affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password or other account information, another person’s name or likeness or provide false details. IMP reserves the right to accept or refuse Your application for an account (in our absolute and sole discretion).
Usage
You agree and warrant that You will not use the Services in a manner that is illegal or otherwise inconsistent with these Terms. In addition, You will not use the Services in a manner that IMP deems, in its sole discretion, objectionable. You agree that You will access the Services only through the interfaces provided. You agree not to do any of the following:
·         attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer or otherwise hack the Website or any software, network or servers used to provide the Services, or to damage our Website, services or other property in any way;
·         attempt to breach any security or authentication measures of the Website or the Services;
·         avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by IMP or any other third party to protect the Services or the Content;
·         use the Services, Your account, or communications with other Users for any commercial purpose or solicitation;
·         interfere or attempt to interfere with other Users’ use of the Services;
·         impersonate or misrepresent Your affiliation with any person;
·         violate any applicable law of regulation;
·         defame, abuse, stalk, threaten, intimidate, harass or otherwise violate the legal rights of any User or employee, staff or agent of IMP;
·         do anything that could disable, damage, tamper with, impair or otherwise cause interruptions to the proper working of the Services;
·         use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access, data-mine, data-crawl, scrap or index the Services in any manner;
·         send spam or any other unauthorized advertisements or solicitations through or using the Services;
·         attempt to harvest, collect or use addresses, phone numbers or email addresses or other contact information of Users without consent from such Users and IMP;
·         solicit personal information (including social security numbers, credit card numbers and passwords) from Users;
·         provide any false personal information in Your account, create more than one account, transfer Your account or create an account for anyone other than Yourself;
·         offer any contest, sweepstakes, coupon or other promotion through IMP;
·         do anything that is illegal, infringing, fraudulent, malicious or could expose IMP or Users to harm or liability;
·         refer a friend by providing such friend’s e-mail address to Us, unless such friend is at least 13-years old;
·         allow a child under the age of 13 to provide any personal information in such child’s User Content (as defined below);
·         attempt, encourage or facilitate any of the above.
IMP will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent of the law. IMP may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users who violate these Terms. You acknowledge that IMP has no obligation to monitor Your access to or use of the Services or the Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure Your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
Purchases of IMP Products on Website
Customers who purchase IMP Products (and the products of manufacturers we represent) through the Website must be over the age of 18 with a valid credit card accepted by IMP or other permitted payment method accepted by IMP.
Availability: We cannot guarantee availability of IMP Products, even if We show that a particular IMP Product is available online or in stores. We may not have all IMP Products available online or in stores and We may discontinue products at any time.
Pricing: Prices for IMP Products (and products from other manufacturers listed on IMP websites) may change at any time and IMP does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering. IMP reserves the right to cancel an order for a Product in the event of a typographical or other error in the price listed for the Product. The price of a Product generally does not include delivery charges. We will charge taxes on Products purchased when taxes are applicable. The list price displayed for any Product generally does not include delivery charges or sales or other taxes unless specifically noted.
Delivery: IMP shall deliver the Products that You purchase to the place of delivery designated by You. If You choose to accept any type of express courier services for shipping, then any additional shipping fees will be paid by You. Shipping laws also vary from country to country, and it is Your responsibility to check with Your local customs office for details and to verify whether the country to which You are shipping permits the shipment of Your IMP Products. Please note that for international orders, customs and import duties may also be applied and will likely vary from country to country. You are solely responsible for any such additional charges.
Refunds and Exchanges: Any refunds or exchange of IMP Products are subject to the restrictions and requirements set forth in the User Guide included with Your IMP Product at the time of purchase or posted on the Website.
Transactions: We reserve the right to refuse any order You place with Us. We may, in Our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same payment method, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in Our sole discretion, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
Risk of Loss: All items purchased from IMP are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that title and the risk of loss for such items pass to You upon Our delivery to the carrier.
Warranty Information: Warranty information for IMP Products can be found in the User Guide included with Your Product and available at the website of the manufacturer of the product.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
If You are a copyright owner or a direct agent thereof and believe that any User submission or other Content infringes upon Your copyrights, You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Our Copyright Agent at the contact information below in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
·         a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; identification of the material claimed to have been infringed, and enough pertinent information about the location of the material to enable Us to locate it within the site;
·         Your contact information such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
·         a statement that You have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
·         a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that You are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
User Content
IMP may offer community features, such as forums, as part of the Services. You must be over the age of 13 to participate in any community features. In addition, IMP may allow you to submit information to IMP through forms and other manners in connection with obtaining customer support from IMP’s help center. You may Post or Provide reviews, comments, photos, images, logos, descriptions and other content and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, opinions and feedback (collectively, the “Provided Content”). In addition, You may include content in the coding and programming created by You for Your robot (the “Programming Content” and together with the Provided Content, the “User Content”)). You may not Post or Provide Provided Content or include any Programming Content in Your robot that is illegal, libelous, offensive, harmful, obscene, pornographic, threatening, defamatory or invasive of privacy, including User Content that advocates, endorses, condones or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any individual or group of individuals. You may not Post or Provide Provided Content, include Programming Content in Your robot or provide access to User Content that exploits people in an abusive, violent or sexual manner or that promotes illegal activities or provides instructions on how to conduct illegal activities. You also may not Post or Provide User Content or include Programming Content in Your Robot, including photos and videos, or files that contain software or any other material that violates the intellectual property rights (or rights of privacy or publicity) of any third party. In addition, You may not Post or Provide Provided Content or include Programming Content in Your robot that consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, objectionable materials, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of “spam”. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise Post or Provide any misleading information or Provided Content that You know is false or inaccurate. IMP reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such User Content, at its sole discretion.
If You do Post or Provide Provided Content or create any coding or programming for Your robot, You grant IMP a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such User Content throughout the world in any media, including, without limitation, for troubleshooting, marketing, product development and any other commercial or non-commercial purpose in IMP’s sole discretion, without payment or compensation to You of any kind. You grant IMP and Our sublicensees the right to use the name that You submit in connection with such User Content, if We or they choose to use it. You represent and warrant that You own or otherwise control all of the rights to the User Content that You Post or Provide or include in Your robot; that the User Content is accurate; that use of the User Content You supply does not violate the Terms or applicable laws, rules or regulations and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that You will indemnify IMP for all claims resulting from User Content You supply. IMP has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or Provided Content. IMP takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Provided Content Posted or Provided by You or any third party or any Programming Content created by You for Your robot.
IMP does not pre-screen, review, edit or approve any Provided Content. The IMP community may flag inappropriate Provided Content and IMP may, in its sole discretion, remove or disable access to any Provided Content.
By Posting or Providing Provided Content or otherwise sharing any information on the Website, You represent and warrant that You are the owner or otherwise have the right to publicly distribute the Provided Content. Any User Content Posted or Provided will be considered public, and IMP will not be responsible for the actions of Users with regards to any public information. By creating any Programming Content for Your robot, You represent and warrant that You are the owner or otherwise have the right to use such Programming Content.
Intellectual Property
The Services are protected under patent, copyright, trademark, and/or other laws. Subject to Your compliance with the Terms, IMP and/or its licensors provide You with a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Services. The Services and all Content, including, without limitation, any Provided Content, Programming Content or User Content, remain the property of IMP or its licensors and We do not transfer title to any portion of the Services to You. The compilation, collection, arrangement, or assembly of all Content is the exclusive property of IMP and protected as well. Any code or software code that IMP creates, generates or displays in the Services is also protected and You may not copy or adapt such code.
Unauthorized use of the Services may violate applicable laws and is strictly prohibited. You may not copy the Services or any part thereof without IMP’s prior written authorization. Any code or software code that IMP creates to generate or display the Services are also protected by IMP's copyrights, and You may not copy or adapt such code.
Limited Warranty
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE BY LAW, IMP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICES WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE, BE AVAILABLE, OR THAT THE SERVICES AND IMP’S SERVERS ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA OR ANY OTHER COSTS, IMP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. EXCEPT FOR ANY LIMITED WARRANTIES IN THE USER GUIDE AND OTHER PACKAGING MATERIALS INCLUDED WITH YOUR IMP PRODUCTS AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AND IMP, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IMP MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT IN THE SERVICES.
Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SERVICES REMAINS WITH YOU AND IN NO EVENT SHALL IMP BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, LOST EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES TO PROPERTY OF ANY KIND OR FOR PERSONAL OR BODILY INJURY OR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE IMP PRODUCTS, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT IMP IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL IMP’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR PRODUCTS EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO IMP FOR USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE AMOUNTS YOU PAID FOR THE IMP PRODUCTS. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN IMP AND YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless IMP, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, successors, subsidiaries, contractors, technology providers, advertisers, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions, losses, costs, liability or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from (i) Your use of the Services, (ii) Your breach of these Terms, including Your representations and warranties herein or (iii) Your violation of any applicable laws. IMP reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Us and You agree to cooperate with Our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of IMP. IMP will use reasonable efforts to notify You of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
Term and Termination
These Terms will remain in full force and effect while You are a User of the Services. IMP reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to suspending, disabling or terminating Your account and/or Your access to and ability to use the Services and/or any other services provided to You by IMP, at any time for any or no reason and without any notice. Even after You are no longer a User of the Services, the provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the Services. All sections which by their nature should survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous
Referral Program: You may refer a friend by providing Us with Your friend’s e-mail address. By providing Us with such friend’s e-mail address, You certify that such friend is at least 13 years-old and that You are not violating any applicable laws by sharing such e-mail address with Us.
Privacy: See the Privacy Policy for information and notices concerning IMP’s collection and use of Your personal information.
Commercial Use: Any and all commercial use of the Services is expressly prohibited without the written consent of IMP. This includes but is not limited to collecting names, information, contacting Users, lead generation, and all other commercial activities.
Third-Party Links: The Services may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience and not as an endorsement by IMP of the contents on such third-party websites. IMP is not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party websites. If You decide to access linked third-party websites, You do so at Your own risk.
Access Outside the United States: IMP makes no claims that the Services may be lawfully viewed, downloaded, or accessed outside of the United States. Access to the Services may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If You access the Services You do so at Your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of Your jurisdiction. When you access the Services you acknowledge and agree that information you provide may be transferred to a jurisdiction other then your country of residence.
Governing Law: These Terms are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Oregon. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within Salem, Oregon. If any provision of these Terms are found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. In addition, IMP's failure to enforce any term of these Terms shall not be deemed as a waiver of such term or otherwise affect IMP's ability to enforce such term at any point in the future.
Arbitration: Except as set forth in the paragraph below, You agree any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to an alleged breach of this Agreement or Your use of the Services shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association before a single arbitrator. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in Medford, Oregon, and the arbitrator’s award will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. Either You or IMP may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in Medford, Oregon, necessary to protect the rights of property for You or IMP pending the completion of arbitration. With respect to any claims or disputes You intend to bring on behalf of a class, You agree to arbitrate whether a class could be certified before bringing such action in a court of law. If the arbitrator refuses to certify the class, You will continue to resolve Your individual claims or disputes through binding arbitration. If the arbitrator finds that a class should be certified, You may file the class action in a court of law provided You waive any right to a trial by jury. Claims for injunctive or other equitable relief may also be brought in a court of law.
Additional Terms: If You purchase and/or use any mobile applications provided by IMP or any IMP Product, additional terms apply.
Waiver: No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. In addition, IMP’s failure to enforce any term of these Terms shall not be deemed as a waiver of such term or otherwise affect IMP’s ability to enforce such term at any point in the future.
Assignment: You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without IMP’s prior written consent. Any attempt by You to assign or transfer these Terms without such consent will be null and of no effect. IMP may assign or transfer these Terms, in its sole discretion, without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Headings: Headings provided in these Terms are included for reference purposes only and are not to be given any substantive effect.
Effective Date: These Terms are effective as of August 1, 2014.
Contact Information: If there are any questions regarding IMP or this Policy, please contact us at:
Interactive Media Publishing
PO Box 1407
111 E. 1st St
Phoenix, OR 97535
1-541-535-5552
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Facebook
Twitter
760-650-2687
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
S5 Box