https://www.commfront.com/pages/privacy
Call us: 1-800-490-8578
sales@commfront.com
COVID-19: As part of the global supply chain, CommFront has taken extra precautions to ensure its global branches remain fully operational. https://www.commfront.com/pages/covid-19-updates-and-bcp
Sign In
or
Create an Account
Products
Ethernet Switches
Managed Ethernet Switches
Unmanaged Ethernet Switches
SFP Transceivers
Serial Converters / Isolators / Repeaters / Hubs
Serial Converters
Opto Isolators
Repeaters & Hubs
Surge Protectors
Fiber Optic Converters
Ethernet to Fiber Optic Converters (Point to Point)
Ethernet to Fiber Optic Converters (Multi-Drop)
Serial to Fiber Optic Converters (Point to Point)
Serial to Fiber Optic Converters (Multi-Drop)
USB Converters / Isolators / Repeaters / Hubs
USB Converters
Opto Isolators
Repeaters & Hubs
Serial & TCP/IP Software
Advanced Serial Protocol Analyzer
Serial-TCP (More than just a Device Server)
Cables & Accessories
Ethernet Cables & Connectors
Fiber Optic Cables & Connectors
Power Supplies
Serial Cables & Connectors
USB Cables & Connectors
Solutions
Connectivity with Industrial Ruggedness
Conversion to Legacy and Leading-Edge Data Formats
Protection of Assets from All Elements
Extend Communication Without Limits
Explore and Unlock Serial Devices and Protocols
Support
COVID-19 Updates & BCP
Downloads
Videos
FAQs
Tech Notes
3 Easy Steps to Understand And Control Your RS232 Devices
5 Tips for Choosing Quality Converter Products
Advanced RS232 Serial Analyzer
ASCII Chart
Building a reliable RS485 / RS422 Network
Pelco-D Protocol Tutorial
Pelco-P Protocol Tutorial
Serial Port Monitor
Serial Port Terminal
USB Driver Installation Guide
Why choose CommFront
Compliances
Conformity
Testing Info
PCI Compliances
Conflict Minerals Reporting
Community
Facebook
Youtube
Purchase
Buy Online
Worldwide Distribution Channels
Wholesale & Custom Solutions
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Policies
Shipping & Return
Quality
Warranty
Privacy & PCI Compliances
Terms & Conditions
Sign In
Create an Account
Search
0 Items
Menu
0 Items
Home
›
Privacy & PCI DSS Compliances
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
Policies
Shipping & Return
Quality
Warranty
Privacy & PCI Compliances
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & PCI DSS Compliances
Last Revised: Dec 14, 2016
CommFront respects and cares for your rights of privacy. This policy explains how we handle the contact information you give us.
Information Collection and Use
CommFront is available for use by anyone, regardless of his/her willingness to disclose his/her contact information. We collect your contact information (name, address, telephone number, and email address) through the following ways:
1. When you order our products through us or our payment gateways, we will gather your name, address, telephone number, and email address to deliver the software license or hardware products to you.
2. When you submit your feedback or ask questions through phone calls, emails, online feedback form, or live chat program, we may ask you to offer contact information so we may respond to your needs.
3. When you participate any company events organized by us, we may gather your name, address, telephone number, email address or other contact information, as well as personal information such as photos, age, height, and weight, etc.
We use the information you provide about yourself only to complete your orders, to answer your questions or for you to participate the company events; in some rare cases, we might use your email address for important updates. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
PCI DSS Compliances
CommFront online store has been upgraded to certified Level 1 PCI DSS compliant since March 7, 2016. In addition, the entire CommFront website is secured by the latest TLS (Transport Layer Security) encryption.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, CommFront has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and offline.
TLS is the latest standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between our web server and your browsers remain secure, private, and integral.
What is PCI DSS Compliance?The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is an information security standard for organizations that handle credit card and debit card information. Defined by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, the standard was created to increase controls around credit card data to reduce credit card fraud via its exposure.
PCI DSS compliance has become a norm in the online shopping industry and If any vendor wants to sell online and accept payments from Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover credit cards, the software and hosting needs to be PCI compliant as otherwise, customers are taking risks of leaking their credit card information to 3rd parties.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@commfront.com.
Recently Viewed Products