https://www.cliktru.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyClikTru2019-04-02T18:01:07+00:00
This is the web site of ClikTru, LLC.
Our postal address is:
7270 Rookway Rd.
Bridgeport, MI 48722
We can be reached via e-mail at support(@)cliktru(.com) , or you can reach us by telephone at 877-870-0416.
ClikTru services are developed with your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather when you use ClikTru’s services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
The following principles apply to the personal identifying information we ask for and that you provide. “Personal identifying information” is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address.
Information sharing
We do not rent or sell our clients’ personal identifying information to other companies or individuals. Period.
We may store and process personal information collected on our site in the United States.
In the event of a transfer of ownership, such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before any personal identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share aggregated information with others. Examples of this include optimal search phrases or how many users clicked on a particular ad component.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. Updating your information
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for our services. Links
Optimized ads developed by ClikTru are typically deployed by Google™ or other pay-per-click engines, over whom ClikTru exercises no control. Google™ and other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information.
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more prominent notice. Each version will be noted at the top of the page. Prior versions of this Privacy Policy will be kept in an archive for you to view.
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us any time at support(@)cliktru(.com) This email address is being protected from spam bots.
Site Secured By: Website Guardian
Site Maintained By: Computer Geek