https://www.privacyguard.net/does-tiktok-have-privacy-issues/
Does TikTok Have Privacy Issues?
by Editor | Mar 26, 2020 | Technology | 0 comments
TikTok, just like Instagram a few years ago, is experiencing
a huge boom in terms of active users and popularity. The app has more than 1
billion monthly active users and it is one of the most popular downloaded
applications in the App Store. Such figures are astonishing, especially
considering that the app has been around for less than 2 years. Tik Tok’s user
base is also projected to grow in the next years.
If you have a smartphone or if you live with teenagers or
just like to keep up with technology, chances are you have already heard of
TikTok. In case you are not familiar with this social media app, you should at
least know that it is an application where users share short funny clips that
easily go viral. It is the potential for virality that made the app extremely
popular. Similar to Vine, the content shared on this platform varies greatly:
from make-up tutorials to world-history reenacting, TikTok offers content for
different users, predominantly teenagers.
However, lately, TikTok has been criticized by the US senators for censorship, privacy and for concerns about child safety. Are the concerns real? What should you know about the privacy issues related to Tik Tok? Should you be worried? If you want to find some solid answers to such questions, keep reading this article.
What Is TikTok and Why Is It So Popular?
TikTok is owned by the Chinese company ByteDance and its story is rather complicated. The TikTok was born out of an acquisition by the Chinese startup of Musical.ly, a rather popular app in the US and the Western world, but that had originally nothing to do with social media. ByteDance took the idea of the original app and innovate it to create the concept of what is now known as TikTok. Today, the Chinese startup is one of the most valuable companies in the world, rated at 75 billion dollars.
In terms of downloading, Tiktok has beaten Instagram, Snapchat, and Facebook. What seemed to make it popular is the spontaneity of the short clips, that allow users to goof around for a while, as opposed to Instagram, where the people have started to feel the pressure of having to post perfect pictures and amazing content. Videos are shared instantly and can quickly reach millions of users and go viral in a matter of minutes. The user base of TikTok is a lot younger than the average of the rest of the competitors, with the majority of users being less than 18 years old.
TikTok Privacy Issues
It is the younger user base that has brought TikTok into trouble. February of this year saw Tik Tok having to face accusation for child-privacy US laws violation. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States has opened an investigation against TikTok and its privacy policy and some issues have emerged. The company has mainly been accused to share user data with the Chinese Government. That is due to a Chinese law created in 2017 requiring companies operating in the country to cooperate on national intelligence. Some even argue that the app is susceptible to censorship by the Chinese government. While the company refuses to admit the truthfulness of such accusations, the senate is urging US citizens to be careful about the content and personal data shared in this platform.The Response From The Company and Further Investigations
The Response From The Company and Further Investigations
TikTok proactively responded to such accusations and tried
to improve its position and its privacy policy in order not to lose important
users and popularity. Indeed, to boost transparency, the social media app has
recently launched a content moderation center. The center is designed to
provide relevant information on the source code, the internal instructions of
the software and to offer better details on privacy and security. All this to
improve its efforts in terms of protection of users’ data.
The company is also looking for a new CEO to run TikTok in the US, to distance itself from the Chinese government, in an attempt to loosen up the worries of the US senate. How innocuous is the app in reality? How can we know whether the Chinese government is indeed surveilling the millions of teenagers using the app daily?
Content Removal and Data Breach
Many users have noticed a rather common trend in terms of
content removals. Some of the most obvious ones include videos concerning Hong
Kong protests. However, the company states that such removals have nothing to
do with requirements by the Chinese governments. The fault might be of poorly
trained moderators, but the US Senate does not seem to buy that idea. Tik Tok
claims to handle moderation separately for different regions, meaning that
censorship by the Chinese government would not affect US users, for instance.
The biggest fear related to the access of US users’ data by
the Chinese government is the creation of an accurate picture of people’s lives
and habits, which would create incredible opportunities to blackmail and to use
such information for making incredible amounts of income. This is why, for the
moment, the US Department of Defense is encouraging its employees to avoid
installing the app on their smartphones. Indeed, some investigation found out
that the application can collect not only location and images but also
biometric data. Because of Chinese law, the company cannot refuse to share data
with the Chinese government upon request.
The security research firm Checkpoint has discovered some of
the main weak points in terms of data security in TikTok. However, the same
company also going out that TikTok has developed an update recently to fix such
weaknesses which would allow attackers to compromise accounts.
Similar breaches of personal data have been experienced by Instagram and Facebook users as well, meaning that the threats to security and privacy that social media pose to users are not limited to TikTok. However, it is not an exaggeration to say that TikTok might pose greater threats due to the probable influence of the Chinese government on the app’s operations.
© 2016-2020 by LiVentures. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of LiVentures.
Submit a Comment Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Does TikTok Have Privacy Issues?
Privacy Issues with the iPhone X
What Are The Benefits of using a VPN
Apple vs. Government: Battle between Tech and Law
Recent Comments ResourcesDomains for SaleHair LossWeight Loss Resource