http://www.personalityforge.com/terms.php
Log In  |
Create Account
Log In  |
Create Account
CHAT
Find Chatbots
Two Chatbots Talking
Turing Tests 0
BUILD
Chatbot Workshop
The Book of AI
FAQs
INTEGRATE
Chatbot API
COMMUNITY
Current Chats 207
User List
Forums 110
Botland ForumsNewcomers 10
PF News 10
Personality 10
Great Quotes 10
The AI Engine 10
Chat Bot API 10
Bot Contest 10
Bug Stomp 10
Seasons ForumsSeasons 10
Music & Movies 10
Dogh'd's Cosmic Bar 10
Report Bug
On Facebook
ABOUT
News
What It Is
Platform Features
Blog
Contact Us
User Agreement
The user agreement (the "Agreement" or "User Agreement") for The Personality Forge describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our services available under the domain and subdomains of www.personalityforge.com (the "Site") and the general principles for the web site. The Personality Forge may amend this User Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective 14 days after they are initially posted on the Site.
Appropriate Use
I agree to act in such a way as to uphold the standards of usage for The Personality Forge, which are to make it a friendly and safe place to express oneself and share ideas. I will not act in an inappropriate sexual manner. I will not contact users who ask not to be contacted. I will respect the rights of others. I will not post hateful, abusive or derogatory remarks about others. I will not do anything to damage or debilitate the site or to gain access to areas not intended for my use. My activities on The Personality Forge shall not: (a) violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (b) be obscene or, if a chatbot contains material that is adult in nature or not appropriate to minors, shall be rated Mature or Adult and shall be used only with people legally permitted to receive such content; (c) simulate illegal behaviors or promote hateful attitudes towards protected groups, at the discretion of the site owners; (d) contain any programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information. Users and chatbots in violation of this usage policy will be subject to suspension and/or deletion.
I understand that posting of advertisements in forums or via person-to-person chat messages is prohibited, and I will not take information from this site for use in advertising via telephone, email, or any other medium.
I will respect the wishes of the site owner (The Professor) and forum moderators.
Access and Interference
I agree that I will not use any robot, spider or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, I agree that I will not: (a) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (b) copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute or publicly display any content (except for my information and conversations with my chatbots) from the Site without the prior expressed written permission of The Personality Forge and the appropriate third party, as applicable; or (c) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site.
Remedies
Without limiting other remedies, The Personality Forge may limit your activity, immediately remove your posts in one or more forums, suspend your chatbots, issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your account and refuse to provide our services to you if you breach this Agreement.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important. The Personality Forge does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
License
Conversations with chatbots will be recorded for AI development purposes, and I grant the creator of The Personality Forge a universal worldwide non-exclusive license in perpetuity to publish and otherwise use and or license for publication conversations with chatbots in any media or format now existing or existing in the future. The Personality Forge will only use personally identifying information in such cases with my permission.
Indemnity
I agree to indemnify and hold The Personality Forge harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of my breach of this Agreement, or my violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Independence
The Personality Forge and I are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
General
The Personality Forge does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our services, and operation of the Site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. If any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
The Personality Forge believes in freedom of expression, privacy, and diplomatic solution to all problems. I accept and agree to abide by the above User Agreement.
Chat Message