http://www.steema.com/privacy
Last updated: May 24 2018
Steema's GDPR Commitment
Steema Software, with its main office located at Av. Montilivi 33, Girona, Catalonia, Spain, operates http://www.steema.com, is committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), coming into effect on May 25, 2018.
The General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) is designed to give European Union (EU) citizens more control over their personal data.
The GDPR applies to all companies that do business with EU citizens or process data of EU citizens regardless of the location of the company that is processing such data.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection and use of Personal Information we receive from users of the website.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact info@steema.com.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Steema's treatment of personally identifiable information that Steema collects when you are on the Steema web site, and when you use Steema's services. This policy also covers Steema's treatment of any personally identifiable information that Steema's business partners share with Steema. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Steema does not own or control, or to people that Steema does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Steema collects personally identifiable information when you register for a Steema software product. When you register with Steema, we ask for at least your name and email address to be able to send confirmation details to you.
Steema also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, and the page you requested. Steema website does not make use of cookies.
If you purchase a product or service at our site, we collect data such as your full name, phone number, email address, company name, billing address and credit card number that you wish to be charged. The credit card details are not stored after use.
Steema uses your information basically to facilitate communication, process orders, provide maintenance and support services, respond to an email or other inquiry, help improve our products, service or website, send updates or notices about our organization and the products we offer that we think may be of interest to you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Steema will not sell, lease or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Cookies
Steema web site does not make use nor places cookies on your computer.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
Steema gives you the ability to edit your information at any time, including whether you want Steema to contact you about specials and new product releases.
You may request deletion of your Steema account by sending an email to info@steema.com.
Security
Your Steema Information is password-protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas Steema uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Steema may amend this policy from time to time. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information
we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by posting a prominent announcement on our website.
Children's Privacy
Steema's website and any product or service is intended for adults. Steema does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18.
If we are made aware that such information has been submitted or collected, it will be promptly deleted.
Sensitive Information
Steema does not collect sensitive data, such as health, racial, sexual orientation, political, religious or other. If we are made aware that we have received such information, we will promptly proceed to its deletion.
Retention of Personal Information
Steema may retain your personal information to permit agile response to your license queries unless you expressly direct us not to or we are obligated not to by applicable law.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Steema Software SL
Avda Montilivi 33
17003 Girona, Catalonia
Spain
info@steema.com