http://www.certifi.ca/_privacy.html
Certifi.ca Secure OpenID provider
Home
Get a Cert
Privacy policy
This privacy policy outlines our commitment to certifi.ca users.
Profile information added by you is private. We will not
sell or distribute your private information without your knowledge and
consent.
Profile information is shared with sites you trust.
certifi.ca supports the Simple
Registration Extension for OpenID. When logging in to a site for the first
time, you can decide which private information to share with the
your OpenID.
Updated information is passed to trusted sites each time you
log in. If you update your profile in certifi.ca, that updated
information will be passed to your trusted sites each time you log
in.
Certifi.ca cannot control your private information after you've
shared it with a trusted site. Once you've shared private info
with another site, it's up to that other site to protect it.
You can change your trust relationships at any time. If you
choose not to trust another site, or to change what information you
want to share, you can delete that trust relationship. The next time
you log in to the site, you will be asked to set a new trust level.
Your OpenID page is public. If you have an OpenID account
with certifi.ca, the page at the endpoint of your OpenID URL is
public. Other people and programs can read that page and any
information on it, including your username.
You control what information appears on your OpenID page.
We will eventually support sharing hCard information on
OpenID pages. Except for your username, which is shown by default, you
will control what private information appears on your OpenID page.
Administrators may contact you for problems with your
account. If you have registered an email for use with certifi.ca,
administrators may contact you by email if there are problems with
your account.
Administrators will use digitally-signed email.
Adminstrators will use S/MIME digitally-signed email when contacting
you. If you are contacted by someone not signing their email, they
do not represent certifi.ca.
Private information may be published in aggregate for
analysis. We may publish publicly, or share privately, information
about numbers and percentages of users with certain profile
characteristics. Example: "14% of certifi.ca members come from
the UK".
We will comply with court orders to share your private
data. When compelled by applicable courts, we will share the
registration data requested. Unless prevented by law, we will try to notify
you of this activity.
Privacy policy
Certifi.ca
admin@certifi.ca