http://www.isomedia.com/privacy-policy.shtml
ISOMEDIA - Business Internet Solutions
SSAE16 Accredited
About Us
Site Search
Contact Us: 1-866-838-4389
ISOMEDIA INFORMATION
Press Releases
Corporate Information
Data Center Policies
Terms and Conditions
Tax Information
Abuse Policy
Privacy Policy
Employment
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy for ISOMEDIA users (the "Privacy Policy") is applicable to customers ("You") who access or use ISOMEDIA sites or services.
This Privacy Policy is a part of the "Master Terms & Conditions Agreement" (the "Master Agreement") at www.isomedia.com. This Privacy Policy may be modified by ISOMEDIA at any time without prior notification to You unless a separate agreement exists between You and ISOMEDIA which requires advance notification or approval of such changes. As a user of ISOMEDIA's sites or services, You agree to abide by the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy and all subsequent modifications of this Privacy Policy. Failure to abide by these terms & conditions may, at ISOMEDIA's discretion, result in the termination of any or all services ISOMEDIA is providing to You.
If any part of this Privacy Policy is found to be unenforceable or unlawful, then that provision shall be deemed severed from these terms & conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Continuing to use an ISOMEDIA site or service following ISOMEDIA's posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy or the Master Agreement will constitute Your acceptance of such changes or modifications. If You do not agree to any such changes, do not use any ISOMEDIA site or service.
The version of this Privacy Policy stored at www.isomedia.com/privacy-policy.shtml is considered the current and binding version of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how ISOMEDIA treats personal information that ISOMEDIA collects and receives, including information related to your past use of ISOMEDIA sites and services. Personal information is information about You that is personally identifiable such as: your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card or billing information, and that is not otherwise publicly available. Our transmission, collection and storage of this information is necessary to render our services. We reserve the right to share your information as needed to collect our billings to You for our services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that ISOMEDIA does not own or control, or to people that ISOMEDIA does not employ or manage. The ISOMEDIA web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by ISOMEDIA.
ISOMEDIA collects personal information when You register with ISOMEDIA, when You use ISOMEDIA sites and services, and when You visit ISOMEDIA pages or the pages of certain ISOMEDIA partners.
ISOMEDIA may combine information about You that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When You sign up for a service we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, personal interests, credit card and billing information. Once You register with ISOMEDIA and sign in to our services, You are not anonymous to us.
ISOMEDIA collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners.
ISOMEDIA servers automatically receive and record information from your browser, including your IP address, ISOMEDIA cookie information, and the page You request.
ISOMEDIA uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content You see, fulfill your requests for sites and services, improve our services, contact You, billing, collection of charges, technical support, fraud detection, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
ISOMEDIA does not provide sites or services for children. Users under the age of 18 may only access ISOMEDIA sites or services with permission and supervision of their parent or legal guardian. You and not ISOMEDIA, are solely responsible for costs, charges or expenses that You incur as a result of the use of our site or services by a minor.
ISOMEDIA considers the personal information contained in our business records to be confidential.
ISOMEDIA does not rent, sell, or share personal information about You with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide sites and services You've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with ISOMEDIA under confidentiality agreements which limit their use of your personally identifiable information with terms identical to those enumerated in this Privacy Policy. These companies may use your personal information to help ISOMEDIA communicate with you about offers from ISOMEDIA and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
As needed to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
When we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of ISOMEDIA's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law or law enforcement agencies or for the purpose of national security.
We will transfer information about You if ISOMEDIA is acquired by or merged with another company or if your user account with ISOMEDIA is sold or transferred to another company.
ISOMEDIA may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria - for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.
From time to time, You may be asked to voluntarily "opt in" to marketing programs that will allow us to share your personally identifiable information with a third party. ISOMEDIA does not warrant that any third party to whom You agree to share your personal information will have or enforce a privacy policy. By "opting in" to any such program You specifically agree that ISOMEDIA has no responsibility to protect the privacy of any information provided to the third party participating in such a program.
ISOMEDIA does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when You interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad You are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that You meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
ISOMEDIA may set and access ISOMEDIA cookies on your computer. We reserve the right to send You certain communications relating to the ISOMEDIA service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the ISOMEDIA Newsletter, that are considered part of your ISOMEDIA account, without offering You the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
We limit access to personal information about You to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide sites and services to You or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about You.
Business Services
Colocation
Dedicated Servers
Internet Connectivity
Virtual Private Server (VPS)
Web Site Hosting
Business Voice
Hosted Exchange
Dedicated Wireless
Data Backup Solutions
Partner Network
Current Specials
Home & Personal Services
Web Page Hosting
DSL Services
TrueRing Phone
Dial-up Access
Support
Email
DSL
Web Hosting
VPS
Dial-up
Colocation
Dedicated Servers
Network Status
My Account
Account Menu
Service Details
Balance Information
Usage Information
Make a Payment
WebMail
© 2020 ISOMEDIA Inc.
1-866-838-4389
•
Contact Us
12842 Interurban Ave S, Seattle, Washington 98168
Terms & Conditions
•
Privacy Policy