http://www.dakcs.com/privacy-policy/
Questions?
+1 800 873 2527
Solutions
Collection Management Software
Contact Solution Software
Implementation Success & Service
QwikSolve Enterprise Suite
Industries
Accounts Receivable Management
Financial Services
First Party Accounts Receivable
Government
Medical & Healthcare
Legal
Media
Blog
Events
News
Resources
Company
About Us
Culture
Success Stories
Compliance and Security
FAQs
Values & Mission
Careers
Partners
Contact Us
Customer Portal
Privacy PolicyDAKCS Software Systems, Inc. Last Modified: February 5, 2020
Introduction This Privacy Policy (the “Policy“) sets forth privacy policies that apply to your use of the www.dakcs.com website, or any other websites owned or operated by DAKCS Software Systems, Inc. (individually, a “Site” and collectively, the “Sites“) and any cloud, hosted, or downloaded software applications or programs (individually, a “System” and collectively the “Systems“) owned or operated by DAKCS Software Systems, Inc. (“DAKCS” or “we” or “our” or “us“) and licensed to you. By visiting our Sites or using any of our Systems, you are subject to these privacy policies.DAKCS wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and share your information. This Policy outlines the types of information that we receive from you while you are using our Sites or Systems. Additionally this Policy identifies the ways in which we use, and under what circumstances we may share, such information and what control and choices you have with regard to the collection and use of your information. Please review this Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal information through our Sites or Systems. If you have any questions about this Policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, please contact us at support@dakcs.com. What this Privacy Policy Covers: The practices described in this Policy only apply to the following: Information collected online on a Site.Information collected when you license or use a System, or when such System interacts with a Site.
What this Privacy Policy Does Not Cover: This Policy does not cover any of the following: Information you give to us offline; for example when you send a letter or e-mail to our business address or email address, or when you leave a message on our voicemail system.Information collected by third parties, even if collected on or through a Site or other System. For example, we may embed a content feed, video player or other application from a third party on a Site or System.  These third party applications may appear to be part of our Site or System, but the content is provided by a third party server.  By accessing this third party application, the third party owner may send its own cookies and collect its own data regarding your interaction with the application and may solicit your personal information as part of your use of such application.  We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of these third party providers and you should review such privacy policies prior to providing any Personally Identifiable Information to them. PLEASE REVIEW THIS POLICY CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THIS SITEAND/OR SERVICE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS POLICY. Children under the Age of 13 The Sites and Systems are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received Personally Identifiable Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@dakcs.com.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It We collect information from and about users of our Sites and Systems: Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically when you use a Site or System.
Information You Provide to Us When you create an account with DAKCS, or when you download, register with, or otherwise use a Site or System, you may provide information by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, contact information, account username and password, and the IP address of the device or server you use to connect with a Site or Service online (collectively, “Personally Identifiable Information“). We understand that your Personally Identifiable Information is very important to you and, except as provided in this Policy, we will never divulge any of your Personally Identifiable Information to anyone without your permission. You may also provide, directly or indirectly, information that is about you, but does not specifically identify you, such as your age, gender, occupation, etc., or non-personally identifiable information relating to the device or server you use to connect with a Site or Service online (collectively, “Non-Personally Identifiable Information“). Automatic Information Collection And Tracking When you download, access, or use any Site or System online, the Site or System may use technology to automatically collect: Usage Details. Information relating to your access to and use of the Site or System, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Site or System.Device Information. Information about your computer, server, mobile device, and/or Internet connection, including the device’s unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, Internet service provider, and mobile network information.Location Information. Information about the location of your device or server. If you do not want us to collect this information, you should not access, download, or use the Sites and Systems, or, alternatively, delete them from your device or server. You may be able to opt out of our collection of location information through your device or server settings. Information Collection And Tracking Technologies The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include: A cookie is a small, unique text file that a website can send to your computer when you visit a website. Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely. If you do not want us to deploy cookies to your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site.Web Beacons. Pages of some of our Sites and Systems may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related statistics relating to the Site or System (for example, recording the popularity of content of a particular Site or System and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-party Information Collection When you use a Site or System, or the content of a Site or System, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device or server. These third parties may include parties such as Internet service providers; analytics companies; your mobile device manufacturer; your mobile service provider; and advertisers, ad networks and ad servers.These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you. This may include information about your use of the Sites and Systems in order to serve you interest-based (behavioral) advertising. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.If you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. How We Use Your Information Our primary purpose in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and error free experience while accessing or using our Sites or Systems, and to allow us to better provide the Services to you with minimal downtime or errors. We use Personally Identifiable Information solely for the purpose of contacting you with respect to your use of the Sites or Services, providing the Sites or Services to you, and generally facilitating your use of the Sites or Services, or informing you about features of our Services that may be of interest to you.In order to improve the functioning and reliability of our Sites and Services generally, we may collect and use certain anonymous and non-personally identifiable information, including, without limitation, usage information and error reporting. We will never use any such information in a manner in which your identity will be reasonably ascertainable.WE WILL NOT SELL, RENT, OR LEASE YOUR PERSONALLYIDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY. Disclosure of Your Information We may disclose aggregated Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties, without restriction. Additionally we may use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please indicate that preference when you register for the applicable Site or System, or contact us by e-mail at support@dakcs.com.In addition, we may disclose Personally Identifiable Information that we collect or that you provide: To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors and service providers we use to maintain and support the Sites and Systems. In some cases, this may require your information to be sent to other countries. By supplying your information to us, you consent to your information being transferred across national borders to our contractors and service providers who are subject to contractual obligations to safeguard your Personally Identifiable Information.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of DAKCS, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of DAKCS’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide such information.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including any License Agreement or Terms of Use, and for billing and collection.
Your Choices about Our Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Information We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your Personally Identifiable Information.Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of the Sites and Systems may then be inaccessible or not function properly.Location Information. You can choose whether or not to allow the Sites and Systems to collect and use information about the location of your device or server through the privacy settings of your device or server. Blocking the use of location information may affect the functioning of certain parts of the Sites or Systems.Notification of Features. If you do not want us to use your Personally Identifiable Information informing you about features of our Services that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out  by sending us an e-mail stating your request to support@dakcs.com. Data Security We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personally Identifiable Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Sites and Systems, you are responsible for keeping this password secure and confidential. You should not share your password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personally Identifiable Information transmitted through our Sites and Systems. Any transmission of Personally Identifiable Information is at your own risk.  We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may update our privacy policy from time to time. When we make changes, we will revise the “last modified” date at the top of this policy. If there are material changes to the privacy policy or in how we will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on our home page, or by sending you an email.The date the privacy policy was last modified is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this Policy to check for any changes. California Residents We do not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. The California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 (“CCPA”) applies to “businesses”. DAKCS is not considered a “business”, as that term is defined in the CCPA. If DAKCS is considered a business under the CCPA in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly. Contact Information To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
MAIL: DAKCS Software Systems, Inc.372 24th Street, Suite 410Ogden, Utah 84401 EMAIL: support@dakcs.com
At your service
The secret sauce of our products is our team behind it.
Explore our Services