http://www.mbsdirect.com/about-mbs/mbs-terms-and-conditions
Close Menu
HomeGovernmentBusinessServiceFeatured SolutionsAppleMicrosoftBlackmagic DesignJamfHasselbladEpson PrintersCanon PrintersLG DisplaysSearch
MBS Debug
(888) 354-0100
Contact Us
Online Store
.desktop_banner|background-position|center
.desktop_banner|height|150px
.mobile_banner|height|140px
#pushdownbanner|height|80px
.pageHero|top|215px
If you would like to make a service appointment, please create a service request at getsupport.apple.com
Toggle navigation
HomeGovernmentBusinessServiceFeatured SolutionsAppleMicrosoftBlackmagic DesignJamfHasselbladEpson PrintersCanon PrintersLG DisplaysSearch
MBS Terms and Conditions
Training
Service
MBS Store
Events
Training
Service
MBS Store
Events
Training
Training Terms and Conditions
Payment
Payment must be received before the start date of any class, at least 1 week prior to class start date or 30 days from registration, whichever comes first. For anyone who registers within 1 week of the start date, payment is due upon registration.
Rescheduling policy
Individual course clients may reschedule a class without charge if rescheduling is requested at least ten days prior to the class date.
Rescheduling within ten days of the class date will be subject to a $50.00 rescheduling fee. Payment is due on the day the rescheduling request is made, and will be automatically charged to those paying via credit card.
Mac Business Solutions, Inc. Reserves the right to reschedule a class if the number of participants drops below the minimum.
Cancellation policy
Individual course clients may cancel a class and receive a full refund (less a $50.00 administrative fee) if the cancellation is received at least fourteen days prior to the class date. Clients are not eligible for a refund if the cancellation is received within fourteen days of the class date (Rescheduling is permitted in accordance with the rescheduling policy).
At times MBS may have to cancel classes due to inclement weather etc.
Every effort will be made to notify the attendee in a timely manner.
In the event instructional time is lost because of class cancellations, we will make every effort to accommodate a class at a time that is convenient for all attendees.
If you choose to reschedule, you will be offered priority enrollment for any other class we offer.
In no event shall MBS accept liability or be liable for any incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages, resulting from rescheduling or cancellation of any training class.
No show policy
Due to limited class space, students who do not show up for class and do not call in advance to reschedule will be subject to a $100 “no show” fee. This fee is in addition to any cancellation or rescheduling fees incurred.
Substitution
Substitution of students is allowed at no charge, but must be approved prior to class.
Special Requirements
If you have special requirements or needs, contact us at (888) 354-0100.
MBS will be happy to accommodate your request to the best of our ability.
Class Policies & Procedures
Cell phones must be turned off or muted during class.
Food and Beverage is not permitted into the classroom.
The dress for class is casual. Please keep in mind that the class is conducted in an air conditioned room, so a removable sweater or jacket is recommended. In the afternoon, the room tends to heat up with the computers running.
You should arrive for class at least 15 minutes prior to class time. There will be a one hour lunch break and several short breaks throughout the day.
The use of audio or video recorders is not permitted.
Information regarding the closest hotels and Metro Rail is available upon request by calling (888) 354-0100.
We will provide free transportation to and from the hotel to our training center if requested.
Service
Service Term and Conditions
Diagnostic service is defined as only determining the cause of the problem and giving the customer an estimate of the cost to repair.
This is determined usually within two working days.
It MUST be paid even if no work is done.
Normal service is defined as requiring MBS to begin work on the equipment described on the work order as soon as possible.
Priority being based on the date and time of receipt (first in/first out.)
Emergency service is defined as requiring MBS to begin work on the equipment described on the work order within four business hours after receipt.
It will be the next unit scheduled to enter service as soon as bench space permits.
Warranty service is only provided for hardware repairs covered by the vendor’s limited warranty. All other services, including expired warranties, upgrades, software problems and data transfers are billable at normal hourly rates.
Replacement of damaged hardware parts and related labor costs covered by vendor warranties will be honored within the limitations of those warranties, but only if the required “proof of purchase”documentation is provided at the time that service is requested or before the work is done. Any diagnostic and shipping charges will be passed on to the customer.
Under no circumstances will MBS replace damaged computers, printers, or monitors with new ones. All claims for such replacement must be directed by the customer directly to the hardware vendor.
Warranty repair service will NOT be performed on any equipment that has been abused, misused, neglected or tampered with in any way by the customer or any third party.
MBS assumes no additional liability of any kind beyond that covered by the vendor’s limited warranty.
Software repairs/corrections are not warrantied beyond verification of operation of specified problems entered in the submitted work order.
All customer data should be backed up prior to leaving equipment for service. MBS will, at all times, perform all services to the best of its ability, but will NOT be liable for the customer’s loss of data or information, loss of equipment use, loss of revenue or increased business costs due to its service performance.
All repair parts are covered by a ninety day warranty.
All Non-Warrranty repairs must be paid for upon completion of service
Units left at MBS will be held for only 2 months. Unclaimed units will be disposed of at our discretion.
Please note, a member of our Service Department will call you when repairs are completed, or if we need more information or are providing hardware repair estimates.
MBS Store
MBS Store Terms and Conditions
Price availability, specifications and terms of offers are subject to change without notice. Mac Business Solutions is not responsible for typographical and/or photographical errors. Retail products are accompanied by the original manufacturer warranty. Customer pays return shipping charges for all returns and RMA services. Mac Business Solutions reserves the right to reject orders.
Payment Methods
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Check
Shipping Methods
FedEx Ground - 1 to 5 business days + 24-48 hours to process the order.
FedEx Express Saver - 3 to 4 business days + 24-48 hours to process the order.
FedEx 2nd. Day - 2 business days + 24-48 hours to process the order.
FedEx Standard Overnight - 1 business day + 24-48 hours to process the order.
All orders require 24-48 hours processing time before shipping.
Mac Business Solutions does not process orders during weekends.
No deliveries will be made on Saturday or Sunday.
Mac Business Solutions does not guarantee same day shipping.
Mac Business Solutions does not offer International shipping options at this time.
All orders shipped within Maryland will be charged sales tax.
Price Matching
Mac Business Solutions does not price match. For your convenience, all of our most current pricing is listed on our web site and updated in real-time. Prices are non-negotiable and are subject to change without notice.
Cross-Ship
Mac Business Solutions does not cross-ship CPUs under any circumstance. All other items may be cross-shipped if the following criteria is met:
The customer first agrees to purchase the replacement item.
The same make/model item is in stock. Return shipping costs are the sole responsibility of the customer. Return shipping is a service paid to a shipping courier so they will transport your authorized return to Mac Business Solutions.
Under no circumstance will Mac Business Solutions cross-ship merchandise beyond 7 days from the original invoice date.
Mail-in Rebates
For your convenience, Mac Business Solutions does its best to advertise any current rebates on our web site. It is the customer's responsibility to deal directly with the manufacturer regarding the use of any rebate.
Any use of these rebates is limited to the terms and conditions specified by the product manufacturer. If you have any questions regarding rebate terms and conditions, please contact the manufacturer directly.
Sales Tax
TBD
Product Testing
Mac Business Solutions performs thoroughly hardware and software tests on any Apple computer purchased through this website before shipping to the customer. Please take in account that this service can delay up to 24 hours the shipping arrival.
Any other product reselled through this website is shipped in the condition they were received from the original manufacturer/distributor.
"Must Be Purchased With Hardware"
The "must be purchased with hardware" precept is mandated by the software publisher. In accordance, Mac Business Solutions customers must purchase some type of product which falls under the general category of computer hardware in order to purchase applicable software.
Hardware is classified as any component that will be used when assembling a computer system (a hard drive, motherboard, processor and a floppy drive are all examples of merchandise that will qualify). There is no specific or set price the hardware has to be, merely that there is some sort of eligible hardware present in the order itself.
Money Back Guarantee/Refund Policy
All merchandise unless otherwise indicated may be returned within 7 days from the original invoice date for a refund providing the package is unopened or the product is defective. A return authorization number is required for all returns.
There will be a 15% restocking fee on any product. Customers must inform Mac Business Solutions of any order discrepancy within 7 days from the invoice date so that we may investigate and resolve the situation accordingly.
Physical Damage Policy
Physical damage to any product purchased at Mac Business Solutions will effectively void warranty coverage. Improper Installation of CPU fans and/or improper clocking may cause CPUs to chip. CPUs that are chipped, burnt or have bent pins are considered physically damaged and cannot be returned for refund or replacement. Physical damage includes but is not limited to improper handling and/or any other type of damage sustained by irregular usage.
Mac Business Solutions encounters bent pins regularly when inspecting physically damaged CPUs. Forcing a processor into position will not solve an installation problem and may consequently void any applicable warranty coverage. Intel and AMD will not accept physically damaged processors back from Mac Business Solutions. As a result, Mac Business Solutions will return any physically damaged CPU back to the customer at the customer's expense.
Technincal Support
Mac Business Solutions does offer email and phone technical assistance. We offer advice on compatibility of items, make product recommendations, and provide sales advice. We post all of the information the manufacturer provides us with for your convenience. Please contact us directly for accurate answers to your technical questions or for additional information or specifications that are not posted at Mac Business Solutions.
Processing Time
You can expect your order to be processed within approximately 24-48 hours, provided the items are in stock and there are no problems with payment verification. Mac Business Solutions does not guarantee same day-shipping. Orders are not processed on weekends and holidays.
Pre-orders
Click the Pre-order button in the item description and checkout as you normally would. A Sales Order number will be issued at the Order Confirmation screen just as if you were placing a conventional order, but your credit/debit card will not be charged until your pre-ordered product is in stock and ready to ship.
If you purchase an in-stock item with a pre-order item, you will be charged accordingly for the available product and the difference when your pre-ordered item is in stock and ready for shipment. In this instance, two Sales Order numbers will be issued; one for the in-stock merchandise and one for the pre-ordered merchandise. You will be kept up-to-date via our website and through standard Order Status emails to your account.
Back-orders
Mac Business Solutions does not sell backordered merchandise. We will never purposely charge a customer for an item that we do not physically have in stock at the time of purchase. Occasional inventory discrepancies may occur due to inaccurate inventory counts or possibly because the last few items on our shelves are damaged and/or not in a condition that we can in good faith sell to a customer.
In that instance we will refund your credit/debit card for the item, along with any applicable tax fees and shipping charges.
Order status
Mac Business Solutions will keep you informed of your order status via e-mail. All tracking information will be emailed to the email address linked to your Mac Business Solutions account once your order has shipped (except when an APO/FPO is the shipping destination). You may also acquire your order status and other live updates by logging in to your account on our website.
Security
Security is our number one priority. All on-line transactions are sent through our secure server and encrypted with 256-bit technology. Once we receive your information through the internet, only trusted, authorized employees will process the payment to make sure your information is handled with the utmost level of security.
Privacy
Mac Business Solutions respects your privacy. We will not under any circumstances sell or release your information to anyone except as outlined in our privacy policy. All of the information obtained from our web site will be used for processing purposes only. The only e-mails you will receive from Mac Business Solutions are updates to any recent orders and/or returns.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Fair Credit Billing Act: We guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at our online store. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 for fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00.
We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Change orders
You may request a change to your order provided the order has not already been charged to your account. Please call 1-888-354-0100 during Mac Business Solutions's hours of operation to request a change to your order. Please have your Online Order or customer number ready for better assistance.
We strongly discourage sending change order requests via email because it is unlikely we will receive the message in time to make an adjustment due to the sheer volume of emails we receive each day.
Cancel orders
You may request than an order be cancelled provided the order has not already been processed and shipped. Simply call 1-888-354-0100 during Mac Business Solutions's hours of operation to request an order cancellation. You will receive a credit for the full amount to your credit/debit card in approximately 1-2 business days.
We strongly discourage sending order cancellation requests via email because it is unlikely we will receive the message in time to void the order due to the sheer volume of emails we receive each day.
Resellers
We have a reseller discount program available. Please contact us at 1-888-354-0100.
Tax: All customers outside of Maryland will not be charged any tax. Therefore, there is no need to fax or set up any reseller tax exemption form.
For Maryland Resellers: please place your first order as normal, and fax over your reseller permit and this form with your Sales Order number. We will remove all tax from your order.
Product listings
Mac Business Solutions strives for accuracy in all item descriptions, photographs, compatibility references, detailed specifications, pricing, links and any other product-related information contained herein or referenced on our website. Due to human error and other determinates we cannot guarantee that all item descriptions, photographs, compatibility references, detailed specifications, pricing, links and any other product-related information listed is entirely accurate, complete or current, nor can we assume responsibility for these errors.
In the event a product listed on our website is labeled with an incorrect price due to some typographical, informational, technical or other error, Mac Business Solutions shall at its sole discretion have the right to refuse and/or cancel any order for said product and immediately amend, correct and/or remove the inaccurate information. Additionally, all hyperlinks to other websites from Mac Business Solutions are provided as resources to customers looking for additional information and/or professional opinion. Mac Business Solutions does not assume responsibility for the claims and/or representations made on these or any other websites.
Product Revisions
Mac Business Solutions is not responsible for changes or variations in product specifications and/or physical appearance. In the interest of our customers, Mac Business Solutions puts forth its best efforts to ensure that all product information is up-to-date and factual. Unfortunately there are varying determinates which, although infrequent, could cause the information on our website to become outdated without our immediate knowledge.
This includes but is not limited to new versions or revisions, color deviations, retail package alterations and other variations that may be considered inconsequential by the manufacturer. Mac Business Solutions relies on the manufacturer to communicate these differences. Presently we have no way of alerting customers prior to purchase in the event the manufacturer fails to do so. Consequently, Mac Business Solutions will not be held responsible for product revision changes.
Mac Business Solutions Purchase Agreement
By accepting delivery of any product delivered from Mac Business Solutions ("Mac Business Solutions"), you ("Customer") agree to be bound by the terms and conditions listed below. You and Mac Business Solutions agree that the following terms and conditions are the exclusive terms governing the sales transaction between Customer and Mac Business Solutions. Any attempt to alter, supplement, modify or amend these terms and conditions by the Customer will be considered a material alteration of this agreement and, therefore, are null and void.
In addition, these terms and conditions are subject to change at any time, without prior written notice. Therefore, please check these terms and conditions carefully each time you place an order with or accept delivery of any goods from Mac Business Solutions.
Product Return Procedure
Click here to read our Product Return Policy
1. WARRANTIES; ALL PRODUCTS SOLD "AS-IS" OR "WITH ALL FAULTS"
MBSDIRECT.COM IS A DISTRIBUTOR ONLY. PRODUCTS SOLD BY MBSDIRECT.COM ARE NOT MANUFACTURED BY MBSDIRECT.COM. THE PRODUCTS MAY, HOWEVER, BE COVERED BY EACH MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY, SERVICE, AND SUPPORT POLICY (IF PRESENT). MBSDIRECT.COM ASSIGNS AND PASSES THROUGH TO THE CUSTOMER ANY WARRANTY OF THE MANUFACTURER, AND CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT SHALL HAVE RECOURSE ONLY UNDER SUCH WARRANTIES AND ONLY AS AGAINST THE MANUFACTURER OF THE PRODUCTS. MBSDIRECT.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR EXPRESS WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT EXCEPT THOSE STATED IN THIS DOCUMENT. MBSDIRECT.COM DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY SUCH PRODUCT, INCLUDING AND WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM STATUTE, TRADE USAGE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.
ALL ITEMS SOLD THROUGH MBSDIRECT.COM ARE SOLD "AS-IS" OR "WITH ALL FAULTS." THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THESE ITEMS IS WITH THE BUYER. SHOULD ANY OF THESE ITEMS PROVE DEFECTIVE, DO NOT FUNCTION, OR FUNCTION IMPROPERLY IN ANY WAY FOLLOWING THEIR PURCHASE, THE BUYER, AND NOT THE MANUFACTURER, DISTRIBUTOR, OR MBSDIRECT.COM, ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIR.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES MBSDIRECT.COM'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCTS SOLD. MBSDIRECT.COM SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHER CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS IT SELLS WHICH EXCEEDS THIS LIABILITY LIMIT. MBSDIRECT.COM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES AGAINST THE CUSTOMER, OR FOR MALFUNCTION, DELAYS, INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT MBSDIRECT.COM HAS BEEN MADE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH CLAIMS OR DAMAGES.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Payment Terms; Orders: An order is not binding upon Mac Business Solutions until it is accepted; Mac Business Solutions must receive payment before it will accept an order. Payment for product(s) ordered is due prior to shipment. Customer can make payment by credit card, or some other method prearranged with Mac Business Solutions. You agree to pay the amount(s) due as specified on the invoice, and you agree to pay interest on all past-due sums at a rate of 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is greater.
Shipping Charges
Your total cost for purchase of any product will include shipping and handling charges shown on the Mac Business Solutions invoice.
Title Risk of Loss
Mac Business Solutions will arrange for shipment of ordered product(s) to the Customer, Free On Board (F.O.B.) shipping point, meaning title to the product(s) -- excepting software-- and risk of loss passes to the Customer upon delivery to the carrier. Mac Business Solutions reserves a purchase money security interest in the product(s) until its receipt of the full amount due. Customer agrees to allow Mac Business Solutions to sign appropriate documents on Customer's behalf to permit Mac Business Solutions to protect its purchase money security interest. Title to software will remain with the licensor(s).
All software is provided subject to the license agreement of the software maker. Customer agrees to be bound by any software license agreement once the seal on the package is broken. Mac Business Solutions will advise Customer of estimated shipping dates, but Mac Business Solutions will, under no circumstances, be responsible for delays in delivery, and associated damages, due to events beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, acts of God or public enemy, acts of federal, state or local government, fire, floods, civil disobedience, strikes, lockouts, and freight embargoes.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms and Conditions or the sales transaction between Mac Business Solutions and Customer shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to its conflicts of law rules. Specifically, the validity, interpretation, and performance of this agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
Mac Business Solutions and Customer consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and the exclusive venue of the State Courts of the State of Maryland, Montgomery County, to resolve any dispute between them related hereto, and the parities waive all rights to contest this exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such Courts. Finally, the Customer also agree not to bring any legal action, based upon any legal theory including contract, tort, equity or otherwise, against Mac Business Solutions that is more than one year after the date of the applicable invoice.
Severability
If any provision contained in this agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect the remaining provisions and portions of this agreement, and the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision shall be deemed modified so as to have the most similar result that is valid and enforceable under applicable Maryland law.
Waiver
The failure of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of this agreement shall not affect in any way the first party's right to require such performance at any time thereafter. Any waiver by either party of a breach of any provision in this agreement shall not be taken or held by the other party to be a continuing waiver of that provision unless such waiver is made in writing.
Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions, together with Mac Business Solutions's invoice regarding the products ordered by Customer, are the complete and exclusive agreement between Mac Business Solutions and Customer, and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous proposals, oral or written, understandings, representations, conditions, warranties, and all other communications between Mac Business Solutions and Customer relating to the subject products. This agreement may not be explained or supplemented by any prior course of dealings or trade by custom or usage.
Events
Disclaimer
Mac Business Solutions reserves the right to modify
the event format, content and all relevant materials without prior
notice. Mac Business Solutions may also substitute
instructors/presenters if necessary, and in rare circumstances cancel
the event.
If an event
is cancelled, Mac Business Solutions will notify registered participants
by email. Also a full refund will be given if you registered for a paid
event and does not include compensation for third party expenses
associated with travel and accommodation.
We reserve the right to refuse your registration at
our sole discretion. Registration fees will be refunded if you
registered for a paid event.
Mac Business
Solutions does not accept responsibility for any loss or damage to, nor
for any personal injury incurred by, attendees at our events, whether
within the event venue or otherwise.
In addition,
Mac Business Solutions reserves the right to limit the number of
attendees per client organization in cases where demand exceeds
availability of seats.
Fees (Paid events only)
The fees
listed for each event is per participant and includes seminar materials,
lunches and refreshments (if any). Payment must be received in full at
least two days before the event.
back to top
Our Company
About MBSExperience & CertificationsHours & LocationsMBS EventsPhilanthropyJob Opportunities
MBS Resources
MBS DownloadsService FAQReturn PolicyTerms and Conditions
News
BlogNewslettersSubscribe to our Newsletter
Main Office
9057 Gaither Rd.Gaithersburg, MD 20877
Phone: (301) 590-2555Toll-Free: (888) 354-0100Online Sales: (301) 850-1310Fax: (301) 590-8142