https://www.mattressfirm.com/terms.html
Skip Navigation
12/10/2020 23:59:59
Up to 44% OFF + FREE SHIPPING on Beautyrest Mattresses & More!
Sale ends in
Expired
Free Shipping to Your Door
120 Night Sleep Trial
Special Financing
Customized Shopping Options
America’s Top-Rated Brands
Low Price Guarantee
Nationwide Team of Sleep Experts™
Terms BS server-side Page
Terms of Use
Mattress Firm, Inc. is pleased to give you access to its website free of charge. You understand we may update the Mattress Firm website from time to time without giving you any notice. BY ACCESSING THE MATTRESS FIRM SITE AND SERVICES YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THESE TERMS OF USE AND THESE TERMS OF USE ARE A BINDING CONTRACT BY YOU AND MATTRESSFIRM.COM. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO EACH TERMS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY TERM OR CONDITION SET FORTH BELOW, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Modification and Changes: Mattress Firm.com reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. By using the Mattress Firm.com site and services, you agree in advance to accept any changes. You should review Terms Of Use frequently to ensure compliance with the most up to date Terms of Use.
Copyrights and Trademarks: The copyright in all material provide on this site is held by Mattress Firm, Inc. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Mattress Firm, Inc. or the copy write owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You also may not, without Mattress Firm Inc. permission, “mirror” any material contained on this site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
User Submissions: We welcome your comments and reviews of the products and services listed on our website(s) and other suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, and other information. However, you acknowledge that if you post to the site, or send us, any reviews, comments, suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, or other information (collectively, the “Information”), all such Information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of Mattress Firm, Inc. By submission of any Information on our website(s), you assign to Mattress Firm, Inc., and Mattress Firm, Inc. shall own exclusively, all rights to such Information of every kind and nature throughout the universe now known or hereafter existing. Mattress Firm, Inc. shall have the right to license the Information, in whole or in part, to its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and advertising agencies and service providers for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation the sublicense thereof, without compensation or further notice to you. Mattress Firm, Inc. shall further have the right to use, alter, publish, or delete the Information, in whole or in part, for any purpose whatsoever without compensation or further notice to you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mattress Firm, Inc. disclaims any and all liability and responsibility for the Information posted by users on our website(s).
Use of Your Information: You agree that by providing your information to us, or by registering for an account, on the Mattress Firm website, that Mattress Firm and its brands may enter your information (e.g., name, email address, etc.) in its and their marketing database and use the information you provide to contact you from time to time regarding special offers and promotions and for other marketing and business purposes.
Please also see the Mattress Firm, Inc. Privacy Policy for more details on how your information may be used by Mattress Firm and its brands.
Actions
Email
Twitter
Pinterest
Need help?
×
Chat with a Sleep Expert™ and Save Big! We are here 24/7 to help you
find the right mattress at the best price guaranteed.
Close
Start Chat
Speak with a Sleep Expert™.
Store Locator
Chat
(877) 346-8775
Are you still there?
Your Amazon Pay session will expire in:
Click 'Continue Session' to finish checking out.
CONTINUE SESSION
Close
Shipping to Hawaii?
Aloha! Unfortunately, some products on our website cannot be shipped to Hawaii. Please visit our Hawaii products page, or visit a Mattress Firm location near you to find products that can be delivered to your area.
SEE HAWAII PRODUCTS
VISIT A LOCAL STORE