https://www.coviantsoftware.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Coviant Software
Skip to content
Search
Request Demo
Free Trial
Products
Diplomat Managed File Transfer Automate, integrate and control secure file transfers
Basic Edition
Standard Edition
Enterprise Edition
Feature Comparison
Components
Diplomat OpenPGP Community Edition Free automated tool for open source PGP encryption
Diplomat Cloud Storage Community Edition Free automated tool for transfers to and from cloud storage sites
Diplomat MFT Pricing
Solutions
Automate File Transfer using PGP and SFTP Intuitive set-up of automated PGP and SFTP
Include Cloud Storage in MFT Workflows Take advantage of low-cost, reliable cloud storage as a modern FTP alternative
Centrally Control Managed File Transfer Manage, monitor and audit enterprise file transfer
Comply with Secure File Transfer Mandates Take 10 steps to secure file transfer compliance
Manage Secure FTP Transfers Transition to robust Managed File Transfer software
All Solutions… Click here for descriptions of solutions to real-world problems that Diplomat MFT solves
Resources
Recommend Edition
Request Demo
Free Trial
Literature
Technology Briefs
Compliance Briefs
Support
Support Portal (Login)
Report Problems
Blog
Contact
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Coviant Software LLC (“Coviant”) respects your privacy. We value our own privacy as well and are committed to a high ethical standard in handling, using, and protecting the personal information that you share with us. While most of our web site is available to the public without any requirement to provide your info, we do offer the option to provide us with your information and do require it for certain actions and for purchases. Here is how we collect and use that information. If you have additional questions, feel free to use the Contact link at the top of the homepage.
The policy outlined in this statement apply to services available under the domain and subdomains of coviantsoftware.com (the “Site”). By visiting this Site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
The primary purpose for collecting personal information is to provide you with an excellent customer experience, allowing us to provide products and services that may meet your needs. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.
Once you give us your personal information, you are no longer anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact information, billing information, shipping information, and so on.
Our Use of Your Information
We may use your information for general purposes, such as to fulfill your requests for products and services, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information we think you’d like to hear about from us. We may also contact you for feedback or market research.
You agree that we may use the information you share with us to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize the Site’s content, layout, and services. You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site and our products. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications by using the Contact link at the top of the homepage or sending an email to sales@coviantsoftware.com to opt-out. You may make changes to your notification preferences at any time.
Use of Cookies
Our site may use Cookies to collect and store information about you and your connection to our site. The cookie that our site generates is a small computer file that is transferred to your computer systems through your browser. It functions as an identification card recording user specific data that increases security and helps navigation through our site. It cannot be used to deliver viruses, allow access, or execute code on your system.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
As we said in the opening paragraph, we at Coviant value our own privacy as well, we certainly dislike spam, and we take ethical practices seriously. That means that we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. If we feel you are best served by a channel partner, such as someone more local to you, we may share the information you provide us with those trusted partners to ensure a better experience, often with an introduction. If they contact you directly, they will always identify themselves, and you will know you’re dealing with a trusted partner rather than Coviant directly.
Additionally, Coviant Software cooperates with law enforcement inquiries and other third parties to enforce laws. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your information without a subpoena.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
You may contact us at any time by clicking the Contact link at the top of our homepage or by sending an email to sales@coviantsoftware.com to update, correct or delete personal information or to stop receiving promotional e-mail. Any announcements, notices of software updates, special offers, and other mass email correspondence will include links to opt out, too.
Security
Your information is stored on systems hosted by various service providers. As customers of these providers, we trust them to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure. While we and our service providers employ numerous security practices and techniques to safeguard your data, there is no such thing as perfect and impenetrable security. If one day we find out that there’s been any event of significant concern, we will make sure to notify our subscribed customer list.
Protection of Children’s Personal Information
This Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Notice
We may amend this policy at any time. Any amended terms will be updated on the Site. If you have questions about the above Privacy Policy, please contact us using the Contact link at the top of the Site or send an email to sales@coviantsoftware.com.
Company
About Coviant Software
Customers
News
Contact
Partners
Resellers
Partner Portal (Login)
Copyright © 2020 Coviant Software LLC
All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Download :
First Name*Last Name*Company*Phone*Email*
To find out what personal data we collect and how we use it, please visit our Privacy Policy.CAPTCHA