http://www.zoomorphix.com/privacy-refund-policy.html
PRIVACY
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy:
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
REFUND POLICY - Practice exams
Refunds for candidate practice exams are only issued within 7 days of purchase if you have not taken the exam.
Completed practice exams are not refundable.
In case of refund, please allow up to 10 days to process. Refunds will be returned to the original billing account.
In case of technical issue, we will provide you with a replacement practice exam.
Please submit requests for refunds to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with a title of "REFUND REQUEST".
© 2020 Zoomorphix
Privacy & Refund PolicyCopyright Information