http://www.iconisland.com/privacy_continue.html
.
At
Icon Island your privacy is important to us. In using this service
you can be assured that:
* We do not view Your Island or the links you add to it.
* We do not send you Spam or pass on your e-mail address to anyone
who does.
* Your personal information is kept confidentially as described below.
The following statement provides details of our collection and use
of personal information.
Why do we collect Personal Information?
We collect personal information from you in order to register
you as a member to our service. This information is necessary to identify
you each time you visit the site and provide you with secure access
to the information you have stored. If you do not provide information
requested upon registration we cannot process your registration.
What do we collect and how do we use it?
Generally our collection is limited your email address and a few
demographic details such as age, gender and location. We use your
e-mail address as your user name to identify you when you log on.
We may also use your e-mail address to occasionally inform you about
changes to the service, or associated services or competitions.
We use demographic details of all users in aggregate in order for
us to analyse and understand who our users are. Our database may also
anonymously process demographic data and users' link data to automatically
display advertisements which we believe are suited to your demographic
group or interest category .
Cookies
and Log Files
Cookies are small pieces of information which are transferred
by most Web sites to your computer in order to remember your preferences
on any subsequent visit, and to observe aggregated usage patterns
within the site. We use cookies for these purposes only. If you
do not wish to receive cookies you can set your browser to stop
them, but this may mean you can not fully utilise all of Icon Island's
functions.
We do not use or download to your computer any programs designed
to track your general usage of the Web.
When you visit Icon Island our database may record your Internet
Protocol (" IP") address, the URL address you visited before and
after Icon Island, the time of your visit and information about
your browser type and settings. This information is used in aggregate
for analytical and statistical purposes and is not used to identify
individual users.
Who
has access to your personal information?
Access to personal information within the Icon Island database is
limited to the management and staff of Icon Island and contractors
and suppliers who we engage specifically to maintain our database
. We have implemented industry standard measures including password
protection and firewalls to provide a secure environment for your
data. You are responsible for the safe custody of your password.
Unless during registration you select that you are accessing Icon
Island from a shared computer, Icon Island will automatically remember
your user name and password. This makes it easy for you the next
time you use visit the site. You may change this setting at any
time by choosing the option to ("increase privacy") or
when logging out of the site. If you choose not to increase privacy
and you are sharing a computer, then another user of that computer
may be able to access Your Island and view your profile.
How we disclose Personal Information:
We do not sell, rent, loan or otherwise trade personally identifiable
information.
Aggregated and non-identifiable information may be disclosed to
our sponsors or advertisers. In addition we may reveal personal
information confidentially to our legal advisers, accountants and
business consultants under strict terms of confidentiality. We may
also disclose personal information if we are legally required to
do so.
We may transfer our database to another party in the event that
we sell some or all of our business to that party or enter an alliance,
partnership or business affiliation with that party.
How to access your own Personal Information:
You can access and update your personal profile from within
the options menu. You should do this whenever that information is
no longer current.
Third
Party Sites:
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party
site which Icon Island may link to, including those of any Web search
functions incorporated into our site. We recommend that you review
the privacy statements and terms of use of any such sites.
International transfer of Personal Information:
You may view the information contained on Your Island and your profile
from anywhere in the world. In order to provide efficient service,
we may from time to time transfer parts of our database to servers
or third party hosting companies in different international locations,
which are subject to differing privacy laws and regulations.
Changes
to this statement:
This statement is not a contractual document and is subject to change.
We will attempt to alert users of such changes, for example by highlighting
the relevant link for a period of time after each change.
Conclusion:
Users should read this privacy statement in tandem with our Terms
and Conditions of Use. If you require further advice regarding this
statement please send an e-mail to privacy@iconisland.com,
and we will respond as soon as we can.
.
.
Top
Close
Window
.