http://www.typefrag.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Hosting
Mumble Hosting
Ventrilo Hosting
TeamSpeak Hosting
View Network Status
Download
Download Mumble Client
Download Ventrilo Client
Download TeamSpeak Client
Download Overwolf
Server Status Widget
Order
Rent Mumble Server
Rent Ventrilo Server
Rent TeamSpeak Server
Customer Support
Live chat
Monday - Friday, 9AM - 5PM ET
Chat Now
Email
24 hours a day, 7 days a week
Email Now
Telephone
U.S. and Canada, 1-800-827-9520
Call Now
Control Panel
Username
Password
Reset Password
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This document (the "Privacy Policy") was created to demonstrate TypeFrag LLC (the "Company" or "TypeFrag.com") commitment to your (the "Client" or "User") privacy.
The following describes how we maintain and use information collected about our Clients and Customers when you use our Company's services and website.
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is January 1st, 2004.
Information We Collect
We collect "non-personally identifiable" information from users of our website, and we collect "personally identifiable" information if you contact us or if you become a subscriber.
Only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be eligible to subscribe to our services.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
We encourage parents to take an active role to protect the privacy of their children and to prevent inappropriate uses of information about their children.
Parents should instruct their children never to provide their real names or any other identifying information on the web without first getting permission.
Parents must register for our services on behalf of their children under 13, and must approve the registration and legal agreements for minors age 14-17, so that parents can supervise their childs participation on our website.
Personally Identifiable Information:
"Personally identifiable" information is information that we collect from you such as your name, telephone numbers, and e-mail address.
For those of you who subscribe individually, this will also include billing information such as postal address.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
"Non-personally" identifiable information is information that we collect from you that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as your site browsing patterns or demographic information.
How We Collect Information
Personally Identifiable Information:
We collect personally identifiable information about you when you actively give us this information.
Examples of this include when you become a subscriber, give us feedback, and request information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
We also collect non-personally identifiable information from you by tracking your use of the TypeFrag, LLC site, often through the use of cookies.
A "cookie" is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server that you access and is stored on your computer's hard drive.
This data file may contain information that a web site may use to track certain things.
Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information.
However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie will be accepted.
You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire.
You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
By changing your preferences, you can choose to accept all cookies, or have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to reject all cookies.
If you choose to reject cookies, you will not be able to access password-protected sections of our website such as the Control Panel.
As part of their basic functionality, most browsers provide information about the operating system (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), web browser version (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), and Internet Protocol address of the computer station they are running on and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
This information is available to every web site a user visits.
How We Use Information
Personally Identifiable Information:
We use your information for customer service, such as to provide you with information you may request or other correspondence or information we think may be of interest to you, and to contact you regarding your account with us.
We may also use the information that you provide to communicate information about new products and services.
We also use your information for internal research purposes.
This allows us to better understand your needs and to provide you with better service.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.
We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze how visitors and subscribers use and navigate our web site.
How We Share Information with Others
We may hire agents and contractors to perform services on our behalf including, without limitation, facilitating some aspects of our web site, sending e-mail to you, and handling our billings, collections, and renewals.
These other companies may be supplied with or have access to your personally identifiable information for the purpose of providing these services to us or on our behalf.
Agents and contractors of TypeFrag, LLC who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for TypeFrag, LLC and as otherwise required by law.
We may disclose and use your information in special circumstances where we believe in good faith that such disclosures: (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena; or (b) will help to enforce our Terms of Use Agreements; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of the TypeFrag, LLC site, TypeFrag, LLC, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of property that belongs to TypeFrag, LLC or third parties.
In the event that all of our business assets are transferred to or acquired by another company, your information may be one of the transferred assets.
Links
The TypeFrag, LLC site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours.
TypeFrag, LLC is not responsible or liable for the information collection practices or content of such linked sites.
Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Privacy Options
If you prefer not to receive e-mail promotions, news, and updates from TypeFrag, LLC, you can unselect "Receive email notifications from TypeFrag" from the User: Information page after logging into the Control Panel on our website.
Security
While at the TypeFrag, LLC site, your information can be accessed through your username and password.
The personally identifiable information that we collect about you is stored in limited access servers, password protected and accessible by only a limited number of our personnel.
We will maintain additional safeguards to protect the security of your personally identifiable information.
Although we take these measures to protect the security of your information, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
You transmit such information at your own risk and agree that we will not be liable for any damages or injury that may result from unauthorized access to or use of your information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or remove this privacy policy at our discretion at any time.
If we decide to change or remove this privacy policy, we will post these changes here.
We encourage you to visit this page frequently to stay informed.
Changes to this privacy policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information.
Website Privacy Policy
A privacy policy is a disclaimer placed on a website informing visitors about how the website collects and uses visitor personal information.
A privacy policy generally contains information regarding whether or how a visitor's information is shared with parent companies, subsidiaries, or third parties.
Products
Mumble Download
TeamSpeak Download
Ventrilo Download
Overwolf Download
Services
Mumble Servers
TeamSpeak Servers
Ventrilo Servers
View Network Status
Server Status Widget
Support
Mumble Tutorials
TeamSpeak Tutorials
Ventrilo Tutorials
Frequently Asked Questions
Company
Customer Testimonials
Twitter Feed
Facebook Page
Copyright © 2004 - 2018 by TypeFrag.com
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service