https://www.depotintl.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Region:
USA
Canada EN
Canada FR
REGISTER
Partner Login
Welcome John Doe -
Dashboard
|
Log Out
Welcome John Doe -
Press enter to view all results
Toggle navigation
Products
All Products
Product Search by Brand
HP
Lexmark
Xerox
Dell
IBM
Product Categories
Printer Parts
Maintenance Kits & Fusers
Printers
Partner Solutions
Marketing Platform 2.0
Video Center
eco-Services
Environmental Sustainability
Core Collections
About Us
Company Overview
Engineering & Technology
Global Distribution
Certifications & Authorizations
Careers
Locations
News Room
Blog
Depot International
PRIVACY POLICY
(01/01/2020)
Introduction
Last modified: December 24, 2019
Depot International, LLC, dba, Depot International ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.depotintl.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In e-mail, text, chat, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
While conducting surveys, sweepstakes, or contests in connection with products and/or services offered on the Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party(including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. If our policy is updated in a manner that materially changes the way we make use of personal information, we will post a notice of the revision on the main page of the Website. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Website and the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the Contact Information provided at the bottom of this policy.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as the products or services your view and/or order and the pages you visit on the Website; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, making a purchase, or subscribing to any of our services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Transcripts from live chat sessions you participate in with our customer service representatives.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages and although you may be able to set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Google Analytics for Display Advertising and Opt-Out. We use certain services provided by Google Analytics to gather information about how our users interact with the site. This information helps us optimize the site to provide a better user experience. One or more of the following Google Analytics for Display Advertising features may be implemented on our website: Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. We may use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across the Internet. Thus, by visiting our website, you may see ads for our products and services when you visit other sites on the Internet. We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, may use cookies we place on your browser, along with cookies placed on your browser by third parties, together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our website. We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, may also use cookies we place on your browser, along with cookies placed on your browser by third parties, together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google's Ads Settings.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services . They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Google's Ads Settings.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account, if any.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile or click the “unsubscribe” link in the e-mail or other electronic communication that you may receive from us.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our website terms of use, our terms of sale after you make a purchase, and any other agreements you make with us, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or at any other time by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile, if any, by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us a message stating your request using the Contact Information provided below or by filling out the form located at www.depotintl.com/contact. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may opt out by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in the promotional e-mail. These opt out options do not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising that may appear on our Website or on other websites you may visit. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
If you have created an account on our Website, you can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
If our Website accepts User Contributions and you delete any User Contributions you have made from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, the following additional rights may be available to you.
Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you as well as information about how we collect, use and disclose personal information. Clover Imaging Group (“CIG”) does not sell personal information.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you and your account.
Third parties. CIG does not disclose personal information (such as your name and contact information) to third parties who may wish to contact you or send you promotional information about their products and services directly.
We may share your Personal information with other parties in the following instances:
With Our Third-Party Service Providers: To process transactions or provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to providers of product delivery services (for example UPS and FedEx) and website analytics (for example Google Analytics).
For Corporate Transactions: In connection with a merger, acquisition or sale involving all or a portion of our company.
Other Reasons: (a) to satisfy applicable law, regulations, legal process or valid governmental request; (b) enforce the terms of use applicable to our services, (c) detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security of technical issues; or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
Right to Non-Discrimination. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, you will not receive different prices or quality of services unless permitted by applicable law.
Children. Our websites and mobile services are intended for general audiences and not intended for nor directed toward children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal information from children. If you become aware or believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact our legal department at: Privacy@cloverimaging.com.
How to Exercise Your CCPA Rights. CIG provides these rights, subject to a verifiable consumer request, to account holders regarding personal information collected by us in connection with your account. To submit a request to exercise these rights, please send an email to our legal department as follows: Privacy@cloverimaging.com. You will be required to verify your request and identity via your CIG credentials and/or by other means. For more information regarding CCPA, see https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us online at:
www.depotintl.com/contact
or by regular mail at:
Depot International
Attn: Webmaster
2700 West Higgins Road
Hoffman Estates, IL 60169
or via our toll-free number: (844)872-9865
© copyright 2020 Depot International All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Warranty
|
Site Map
Information
Information
Information
INFORMATION
Are you sure you want to logout?
INFORMATION
Press OK to switch region to Depot International
Multiple choices
This item is available for outright sale or exchange purchase.Please choose below.
-
-
-
Retrieve account data
To retrieve your login data, enter your email:
Email:
Please wait...
Information
Your session will expire in 5 minute(s).
Information
Your session has expired. You will now be redirected back to the home page.
Error retrieving data
Provided email was not found.
Please register.
Email is not valid.
Thank you
Password retrieval email has been sent. Please follow instructions in the email to change your password.
Video
Video
Video
Video
Upload logo
Allowed format: .jpg, .png, .bmp; Max:1024x768px; Min:590x307px.
Shipping Information ()
INFORMATION
Your document is being created. Please wait until the download initiates.
Terms and Conditions
Shipping Address List
View all addresses
Click on the address to select it
Add new Ship-To address
*Required Field
* Company Name
* Contact Person
* Address
Address 2
* City
* Country
Please Select
* State
Please Select
* Postal Code / ZIP
* Phone
How it works?
Click the green button "Create New User"
Fill out the form fields for your new user. Select which permissions your new user should have and assign a username and password. Click Save. You will receive an e-mail confirming the new user has been set up successfully. Follow this procedure to set up each new user.
After you have created a new user, the new user will receive an automated email with their new user name and password. They will be given instructions on how to change their password if they would like to choose their own. However, as an administrator, you will always have access to delete/edit users, view their profile information (including their password) and change their permissions.
If you need to edit a user, there are links beside each user to edit or delete the user’s profile.
If you delete a user, the user will now appear on the Deleted Users Page and you can Re-Activate at any time if you need to do so.
Depot International Video
Information
Upload Terms and Conditions
Allowed format: .pdf; Max file size: 5MB.
Upload Customer Logo
Allowed format: .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .bmp; Max file size: 5MB.