http://www.presidia.com/privacy.html
Connecting Excellence!
Home
Services
Resources
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Presidia, we recognize the importance of protecting your personal and private information. Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy to learn how we handle your information.
What is personally identifiable information:
"Personally identifiable information" is information about you, such as name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, or other information that can be used to specifically identify or contact you.
How is information collected:
Any requests for information on this website is voluntary and may require your name and address or e-mail address so we may correspond with you, process an order, or provide you with ongoing information. Once we receive your information, it is stored behind a firewall, accessible only to employees who need it to perform their jobs and fulfill your information requests.
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of the information that identifies you and/or your company. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to keep it secure. In addition, we will make a diligent effort to respond in a timely manner to requests.
How we protect your personal information:
Presidia safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Opt-in e-mail and permission-based marketing:
Presidia reserves the right to contact customers regarding important product, service or policy announcements. Customers and business partners may receive e-mails to inform them about product news and promotions that are based on a qualified level of interest.
Privacy Disclaimer:
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our website.
How to contact us:
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of our site, you can contact us by visiting our contact us page: Contact Us
Advancing today's business strategies through robust and scalable data system solutions.
Our Service,             Your Success!
Discover how Presidia can connect your business future.
Home
Services
Resources
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Copyright
Presidia. All Rights Reserved