http://www.diginaut.com/privacy.htm
Navigate
Home
Shareware
Software for mobiles
Company profile
References
Outsourcing
Site News
Privacy policy
Contact us
Home | Privacy policy
Diginaut's Privacy policy
Diginaut is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a
positive experience on our website. This policy outlines our personal
information handling practices for both online and offline data. If you give us
personal information, we will treat it according to this policy.
This policy covers the Diginaut's websites and is applicable worldwide. Some of
our subsidiaries or programs may have their own, possibly different, policies
(see lists at right). We encourage you to read this privacy policy and those of
all websites you visit.
Collection of your personal information
When Diginaut collects any personal information on our websites, we will express
our need for the personal data at the point of collection. Some of the reasons
why we collect your personal information include:
Participation in discussion groups
Registration to membership programs
Newsletter subscriptions
provide registered users a more personalized and meaningful experience on the
our websites.
Uses of your personal information
We will only use your personal information in the way we specified when it was
collected. We will not subsequently change the way your personal information is
used without your consent.
Updating your personal information
We need your help in keeping the personal information you have shared with us
accurate and up to date. Please notify us of any changes to your personal
information.
Unsubscribing
Each email newsletter includes instructions on how you can unsubscribe from that
particular mailing.
Non-personal information collection
In some instances, we may collect non-personal (aggregate or demographic) data
through cookies, web logs, and web beacons. This information is used to better
understand and improve the usability, performance and effectiveness of our
websites.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, give away or rent your personal information to third-parties for
marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
We may share your personal information within Diginaut or any of our worldwide
subsidiaries for purposes of data processing or storage.
We may also share your personal information with authorized third-party agents
or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction. For
example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and
address with a shipping company. We only provide third-party agents with the
minimum amount of personal information necessary to complete the requested
service or transaction.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your
personal information and other related information, if necessary. We also may
choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal
claims.
We may collect and possibly share personal information and any other additional
information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential
threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Diginaut's terms of
use, or as otherwise required by law.
We will ask you for your opt-in consent to share your personal information with
a third party for any other reason.
Personalization
We may customize websites or newsletters for certain users based on the
information they previously provided or that was collected through our websites
in order to enhance the overall web experience.
Security of your personal information
We are committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. We
utilize a combination of security technologies, procedures, and organizational
measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure.
When we transfer sensitive personal data (for example, credit card information)
over the Internet, we protect it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption
technology.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the
security of the information you transmit.
We recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your personal
information when you are on the Internet. For example, change your passwords
often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and
make sure you use a secure browser.
Data retention
We will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary to fulfill
the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or
regulations.
Linked websites
Our websites may provide links to other third-party websites which are outside
our control and not covered by this policy. We encourage you to review the
privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites.
Newsgroups/Forums
Our newsgroups and forums are public. Please consider this before posting
material to them.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of
13. If we learn that we have collected personal information on a child under
the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. We encourage parents
and guardians to go online with their children. Here are a few tips to help
make a child's online experience safer:
Teach children never to give personal information (such as name, address, phone
number, school, etc.) unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult.
Know the sites your children are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for website privacy policies. Know how your child's information is
treated.
Policy Updates
This policy was last changed on March 29th, 2005.
See also
Shareware products
Outsourcing
Company profile
Copyright © 1997 - 2006 by Diginaut Ltd. All rights reserved.