https://www.freenas.org/privacy-policy/
iXsystems
TrueNAS
iX Community
What Information Does iXsystems Collect?
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”)..
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under state  or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
How Does iXsystems Collect Your Information?
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our website and through the use of cookies, as described below.
How Does iXsystems Use Cookies?
iXsystem uses cookies in connection with our websites (and web portals), products, and digital services to enhance your experience. Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. Your web browser may place cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about your visit so that it can quickly and conveniently recall the data next time you visit.
Using cookies can improve your experience on our website by keeping you signed in and providing us information to better understand how you use our website.  Our website uses both functionality cookies to allow us to recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences, and advertising cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed, and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.  iXsystems sometimes shares limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes.
You can choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies or to alert when a website attempts to use a cookie. If you do so, note that some parts of our website may not function as a result or may not function as well. You may quickly and easily block websites from using cookies by adjusting the settings in your browser. For a detailed walkthrough on how to disable cookies, please visit this link.
How Does iXsystems Use My Personal Information?
We may collect and store personally identifying information in a variety of ways, including when you visit our website, register on the website, fill out a form, or do any other activities in connection with our websites, services, products, or resources. You may be asked for your name, email address, company name, and other information needed to process your general requests. You can also visit our website anonymously and not provide any personal identifying information. We will collect personal identifying information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information through an intentional action and give us consent.
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments, and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Does iXsystems Collect Non-Personal Information, Aggregate, and De-identified Information?
To ensure that our websites, portals, and products run smoothly, we collect aggregated data or “de-identified” information from you when you interact with our website(s) and/or Products. Non-personal information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about means of connection to our websites, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information. We go to great lengths to ensure that this data does not contain personally identifiable information (PII) by filtering out PII before the data is transmitted.
How Does iXsystems Protect My Personal Information?
iXsystems uses appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices, as well as additional security measures and procedures, to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our website.
Does iXsystems Share My Personal Information?
We will never sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties. We may share generic aggregated and statistical de-identified information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers.
We also use third party services for business purposes, including to help market our products, manage data collection, and conduct general business tasks. We’ve made sure that these tools are designed to  keep data in transit completely secure, and if we disclose your personal information to a third party for such business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
iXsystems Affiliate Programs Disclosure
iXsystems is part of the Amazon Associates and eBay partner program and may monetize links to these online stores by adding a referral tag to website addresses present on our websites. This allows us to earn a modest commission when referring others.
Third Party Websites & External Links
You may find content and external links on our websites that point to other websites operated by our affiliates, Open Source partners, or services of other partners. If you click on an external link from any of our websites or service portals, we can not control or guarantee the content that appears on these websites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites that link to our website. In addition, these websites, including their content and links, may be constantly changing and these sites operate under their own privacy policies. iXsystems collects information through third party analytics providers that allows us to analyze trends, demographics, and various statistics about your interaction with our website. Analytics data collected does not contain personal identifiable information.
How Will iXsystems Notify Me of Changes to This Privacy Policy?
iXsystems may update this privacy policy at any time and from time to time, at iXsystems’ sole discretion. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated policy on the website and update the date of the policy. We encourage users to frequently check this privacy policy page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect personal information we collect. We will also send out an email reminder to review our privacy policy at least once every twelve months or when we make changes in this privacy policy.
The iXsystems Commitment to Data Privacy Compliance
iXsystems is committed to the data privacy of everyone that uses our websites, portals, services, and products. We are fully committed to data privacy regulations including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and offer this privacy policy as a means to explain how your personal data may be used when visiting our websites and using our Products. iXsystems does not collect personal identifying information unless you have taken an intentional action and requested contact. If you are a resident of the European Union or the state of California in the United States, you may request that any personally identifiable information you have given us permission to use be removed from our database by contacting us. To unsubscribe from any emails we send, use the unsubscribe button located at the very bottom of the email or manage your privacy preferences in our privacy center.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides certain consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information and the GDPR provides certain consumers (European Union residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA or GDPR rights and explains how to exercise those rights..
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion 0), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We do not provide these access and data portability rights for Business to Business (B2B) personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.
GDPR’s Right to rectification; right to restrict processing; right to object to processing
Under the GDPR, covered individuals have the right to: request that iXsystems correct any information they believe to be inaccurate, request iXsystems complete the information you believe to be incomplete; request that iXsystems restrict the processing of their personal data under certain conditions; and object to iXsystems’ processing of their personal data under certain conditions.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, or a right to rectification, right to restrict processing, or right to object to processing, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Phone: 1–855-473-7449
Website: https://www.ixsystems.com/contact-us/
Email: compliance@ixsystems.com
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, if any. Unless permitted by law, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, our products, web portals or anything else, including the ways in which iXsystems collects and uses your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights outlined herein, please contact us at:
Phone: 1–855-473-7449
Website:https://www.ixsystems.com/contact-us/
Email: compliance@ixsystems.com
Postal Address:
iXsystems
Attn: Legal Department
2490 Kruse Dr.
San Jose, CA 95131
This document was last updated on 2/8/2020.
We value privacy for all visitors. Learn more about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences".
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Still Open. Still Free. TrueNAS CORE
FreeNAS is now TrueNAS CORE. Download TrueNAS CORE and join the Open Source revolution.