http://www.dataversity.net/about-dataversity-net/privacy-policy/cookies-settings/
Skip to content
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular site. However, if your device does not have cookies enabled, your experience on our site may be limited, thereby impeding the navigation and use of our services.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the Help option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices site or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-out page, where you can control third-party online advertising.  Please note that there are many more networks listed on this site than those that we use on our site.
Useful links
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following link useful:
All About Cookies
For further legal information about privacy issues, you may find these links useful:
The Information Commissioner’s Office
Data Protection Act 2018
If you would like to contact us about cookies please email us at info@dataversity.net Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on our use of cookies and other software tools.
We use technologies such as cookies to understand how you use our site and to provide a better user experience.
This includes personalizing content, using analytics and improving site operations.
We may share your information about your use of our site with third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You can change your cookie settings as described here at any time, but parts of our site may not function correctly without them.
By continuing to use our site, you agree that we can save cookies on your device, unless you have disabled cookies.
I Accept