http://www.scriptsfinder.com/policy.html
Privacy Policy :: PHP, CGI, Cold Fusion, XML, Perl, Movie Script, Flash, JavaScript, Ajax, Phyton, Java, ASP, C, C++, Resources, Books, Free Script, Collection of Scripts, Source Code and Scripts, Tips and Tutorials
Facebook Login
Home
Advertise with Us
Login
×
Username:
Password:
Login
Register
Forgot the password?
Home
New Listings
Top Listings
Popular Listings
Add Listing
More...
FAQ
Blog
Advertise with Us
Search for:
In:
-- select --
AJAX
ASP
ASP DOT NET
C and CPP
CFML
CGI and Perl
Flash
HTML5
Java
JavaScript
PHP
Python
Remotely Hosted
Tools and Utilities
Web Hosting
XML
Search
0-9
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Home /
Privacy Policy
Top categories
Popular categories
AJAX
ASP
ASP DOT NET
C and CPP
CFML
CGI and Perl
Flash
HTML5
Java
JavaScript
PHP
Python
Remotely Hosted
Tools and Utilities
Web Hosting
XML
Miscellaneous 28496
Discussion Boards 21820
Content Management 15391
Web Sites 14735
Software 14177
Dedicated Hosting 14048
Fla Archives 13314
Miscellaneous 13033
Software 11562
Software 10953
Articles 10700
Education 10053
Web Sites 9763
Security 9760
Auctions 8848
Software and Servers 8793
Tips and Tutorials 8502
Online Communities 8496
Online Communities 8078
Online Communities 7957
Top
Random
Programming Script Resources
Jun 14, 2004
Web Sites
AddScript.com is a free Programming Internet Directory that compiles and distributes Web...
Domain Registration, Hosting, Promotion, Development, PPC, SEO
Sep
1, 2013
Domain Registration
PLANET WEBSOFT - Linux Web Hosting, Windows Web Hosting, Domain Registration, Web Development,...
Online Dating Software
Jun 16, 2004
Classified Ads
Are you seeking an online dating solution? Our package offers affordability and flexibility which...
pENC - Perl Source Code Encryptor
Jun 16, 2004
Software
Protect your valuable Perl source code from the prying eyes of the casual user!
pENC's...
CryptoPDF
Jun 16, 2004
Content Management
Interfaces to popular Perl PDF modules such as PDF::API2 or standalone pdf docs.
EZP3P
Jun 16, 2004
Development Tools
EZP3P is a P3P XML utility that within a few minutes can apply a basic P3P policy to your web...
CryptoPage
Jun 16, 2004
Miscellaneous
If you have a proprietary VBScript or JavaScript application that you do not want revealed then...
Daemon Monitoring System
Jun 16, 2004
Server Management
dms Daemon Monitoring System is a set of utilities written in Perl and Visual Basic that monitor...
ASP Message Board Objects Application — Online Communities
Independent Commerce?s
eCommerce Package — Software
Ad Simple — Banner Rotation
Programmershelp C section — Web Sites
Yet Another News Fetcher — Web Fetching
Texteditor — File Management
Coding Ground - JavaScript Tutorials — Web Sites
Latest Blogposts
Welcome to ScriptsFinder.com - Scripts Resource Directory.
Sep
3, 2013
Welcome to ScriptsFinder.com - Scripts Resource Directory.
Thanks to all users...
View all blogposts
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which ScriptsFinder.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.scriptsfinder.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by ScriptsFinder.com.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider’s utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Our site also serve third party advertisement which may also place cookies into the system. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
ScriptsFinder.com may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other
Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
ScriptsFinder.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us but using contact us form. ScriptsFinder.com http://www.scriptsfinder.com
This document was last updated on August 28, 2013
Advertisement
Featured
Domain Registration, Hosting, Promotion, Development, PPC, SEO
Sep
1, 2013
PLANET WEBSOFT - Linux Web Hosting, Windows Web Hosting, Domain Registration, Web Development, Website Designing, Search Engine Promotion, PPC,...
Advertisement
Tags
the, files, that, which, page, online, PHP, user, any, server, Software, more, all, also, Features, database, website, system, simple, based, free, you, for, email, site, script, users, has, can, easy, allows, powerful, your, have, and, from, use, Web, using, create, used, their, will, HTML, are, tool, This, file, program, withAll Tags
Newsletter
Subscribe to our email newsletter for useful tips and valuable resources, sent out every second Tuesday.
Real name
Email
© 2020 Powered by PLANET WEBSOFT
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Tell Friend
Contact Us
About Us
More...
FAQ
Accounts
Top
You have to enable JavaScript in your browser.