http://www.computors.com/privacy-policy
Data Protection & Privacy Policysudo2018-04-23T12:01:53+01:00
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
This Data Protection & Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Computors Ltd collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the computors.com website (“Website”). This privacy policy applies to the Website and all products and services offered by Computors Ltd.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Website, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Website. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Website anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Website. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilised and other similar information.
Cookies used on the Website
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Diagnostic and analytical cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.  By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our Website.
For example, if you choose to ‘share’ content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Opting out of cookies
You can choose to opt-out from using cookies. You will need to make the necessary changes on your internet browser to block the use of cookies on your device. Please refer to the help section on your particular browser for information on how to do this.
Opting out of cookies will result in a loss of features and customisation on the websites you visit.
How we use collected information
Computors Ltd may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: The information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalise user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.
To improve our Website: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payment: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Website feature: To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Website.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Website and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners& trusted affiliates for the purposes outlined above. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Website or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Website that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
General Data Protection Regulations – 2018 (GDPR).
Computors Ltd are members of the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) and take the storage, transfer, sharing and removal of customer data very seriously. In line with the latest GDPR directive we offer all our customer the ‘right to be forgotten’.
Should you want to view all the information that is being help by us about you as an individual user or want your data removing from our systems or transferring to a third party, we will facilitate this for you.
There is no charge for this service unless the customer requests a bespoke service outside of the scope of a standard request and all requests will be completed within 30 days of submitting your request to us either by post or email (see our contact details at the end of this document).
Any known data breach will be communicated to the ICO within 72 hours of us detecting the breach. A data or security breach is defined as any data that as not intended for the public domain that can be read by any third party. The loss of Encrypted data is not considered to be a data loss.
Computors Ltd adhere to a strict set of internal policies to ensure your data is kept safe. This includes a comprehensive IT Security Policy together with all the policies listed below:
Computors Ltd – ICT Security & Data Protection Policy
Computors Ltd – Roles & Responsibilities
Computors Ltd – Data Access Request Form & Policy
Computors Ltd – Disaster Recovery Plan
Computors Ltd – Data Protection Policy
Computors Ltd – H&S Policy Statement & Risk Assessment
Computors Ltd – Equality & Diversity Policy
Computors Ltd – Employee Handbook
Computors Ltd – Fire Procedure
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Computors Ltd has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us at:
Postal address:
Computors Ltd
Creative Industries Centre
Wolverhampton Science Park
Glaisher Drive,
Wolverhampton.
WV10 9TG.
Email address:
info@computors.com
This document was last updated on April 23rd 2018.