http://www.plasticscm.com/privacy-policy
Features
Cloud
Games
DevOps
Gallery
Download
Pricing
Doc
Support
Company
Sign in
Try Now
Search in Plastic SCM
Search
×
HOME
Privacy policy
Controller:
The controller of the personal data collected or processed as described in this Privacy Statement is:
Códice Software, S.L. (hereinafter referred to as "Códice Software", "we" or "us").
VAT number: B-47562574
Address: Parque Tecnológico de Boecillo, Edificio Centro 103, 47151, Valladolid - Spain.
Phone: +34 983 548252
E-mail:
privacy@codicesoftware.com
Collection of personal information:
Códice Software collects personal data as part of operating our websites and when you activate and use our
products or services.
When you register, create an account, submit a request, subscribe to our products, download our software
or other contents or you use other features of our websites, we may collect certain personal data from
you, including, but not limited, to your name, address, telephone number, company name and job title. If
you choose to make a purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service, we will ask for additional
information, such as your credit card number, operated by an external, trusted and reputed billing
service, and billing address.
When you activate and use our product and services, we may ask you to provide personal data, such as your
e-mail address, name, work address, or telephone number. To access some Códice Software services, you
will be asked to sign in using a single sign-on mechanism whereby you provide your e-mail address. In
this case, Códice Software will not know or store any password information.
We collect additional information about your interaction with Códice Software sites and services without
identifying you as an individual. For example, we receive certain standard information that your browser
sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and
referring Web site addresses. We collect this information to understand better how our website visitors
use our products and protect the security of the website. We also use Web site analytics tools on our
sites to retrieve information from your browser, including the site you came from, the search engine(s)
and the keywords you used to find our site, and the pages you view within our site.
Some personal data required is necessary to process your requests or to use our product and services.
The refusal to provide the information required as mandatory could prevent Códice Software from
processing your request or to provide its products and services.
Use of your personal data
Códice Software collects and uses your personal data to operate its sites, services and products and
to perform its obligations under applicable contracts. These uses may include, among others, the
provision of our websites, products and services functionalities, processing payments, management of
support requests, sending mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing
reminders, information on technical service issues and security announcements. The legal basis for
this processing is the performance of the contract or term of services applicable to our websites,
products and services.
Códice Software may also use your personal data for improving its websites, products and services.
These uses may include providing you with more effective customer service; making the sites or
services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information;
and performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services, and technologies.
In this case, the legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest to improve our
products and services.
Additionally, with your permission, we may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional
mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Códice Software or its partners
and/or share your personal data with Códice Software Partners so that they may send you information
about their products and services. The legal basis for this processing is the consent provided by
you. See the Communication Preferences section below for more information.
International transfer of personal data
Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which
we engage vendors, and by using our services you understand that your information will be
transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which
may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA): Some non-EEA countries are
recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according
to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available
here).
For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have
put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European
Commission to protect your personal data. You may obtain a copy of these measures from the EU
Commission's SCCs
here.
Sharing of your personal data
Except as described in this statement, we will not disclose your personal data outside of Códice Software
and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent. Sometimes, we ask you to allow you
to choose to share your personal data with select Códice Software partners so that they can contact you
about our products, their products, services or offers. You can withdraw you consent to sharing your
personal data with these partners at any time by writing to the following email address:
privacy@codicesoftware.com.
Códice Software occasionally hires other companies (vendors) to provide limited services on our behalf,
such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting websites,
processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those service providers
will be permitted to obtain only the personal data they need to deliver the service. They are required
to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other
purpose than for delivering the service to Códice Software in accordance with Códice Software
instructions and policies.
We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order
to: (a) to comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights
or property of Códice Software or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies
governing your use of the products and services; or (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or
disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Códice Software employees, customers or the
public. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale
of assets.
Códice Software does not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 14. Please
contact us at
privacy@codicesoftware.com
if you become aware that a child has provided us with personal data.
How long we keep your data
We will process your personal data for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you
services or to manage your requests or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations. In case
of promotional mailings, your data will be kept until you opt-out from receiving these e-mails.
After these periods, the data may be maintained but duly blocked by Códice Software in order to keep
them available to the Judges and Courts, the Public Prosecutor's Office and the Public
Administrations during the applicable statute of limitations periods.
Your data protection rights
You may exercise at any time the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing,
as well as your right to object to processing and to data portability when appropriate, by sending
an email to
privacy@codicesoftware.com.
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA): If you believe that applicable
data protection legislation has been breached in the processing of your personal data, you can
lodge a complaint before the competent Data Protection Authority.
Security of your personal data
Códice Software is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of
security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access,
use, or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be
100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure,
please immediately notify us by writing to
privacy@codicesoftware.com.
Communication preferences
We will use your email address to communicate with you if you have accepted it for such purpose (product,
price, events and support updates). You can stop the delivery of future promotional e-mails from Códice
Software by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive.
In any case, you can inform Códice Software by using the following email address:
privacy@codicesoftware.com
about your wish to stop the delivery of future promotional e-mails. These choices do not apply to the
receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Códice Software services,
which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service or contract with Códice Software.
Changes to our privacy statement
Códice Software may change our Privacy Statement from time to time. We will provide notification to
users of material changes to this Privacy Statement through our website by posting a notice on
our homepage.