http://www.eolsoft.com/terms.html
Software
Winmail Opener
Flash Movie Player
Registry Jumper
Download
Contact
Simple is better...
en
es
de
fr
nl
it
pl
pt
ar
jp
ko
cn
tw
Terms & Conditions
1. Terms
By accessing this web site (Eolsoft, http://www.eolsoft.com), you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download the materials
(information or software) on Eolsoft's web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Eolsoft's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Eolsoft at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
Liability: Eolsoft do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on Eolsoft is for educational or entertainment purposes only.
No Warranty:
The materials on Eolsoft's web site are provided "as is". Eolsoft makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Eolsoft does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
No Pop-Ups: There are no Pop-Ups anywhere within the Eolsoft site. If you receive one as a result of clicking on any of the 3rd party links found within this site — know that they did not originate from our site.
4. Privacy
You can read Eolsoft's privacy policy here.
5. Trademark Information
All materials on this site ("Online Materials"), including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, images, articles, columns, graphics, photographs, illustrations, artwork, audio clips, video clips, software, and other elements making up the Service are protected by copyrights and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by Eolsoft or by other parties that have licensed their material to Eolsoft. Except as specifically provided herein, no Online Materials may be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, or otherwise used for any purpose, without the prior written permission of their respective owners. You may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the content on this site. Any unauthorized attempt to modify any Online Material, to defeat security features, or to utilize this site for other than its intended purposes is prohibited.
6. Limitations
In no event shall Eolsoft or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Eolsoft's Internet site, even if Eolsoft or a Eolsoft authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
7. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Eolsoft's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Eolsoft does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Eolsoft may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Eolsoft does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
8. Links
Eolsoft has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Eolsoft of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
9. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Eolsoft may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Copyright © 2005-2020 Eolsoft. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site map