http://www.equaliser.net/privacy-policy
Services
Software
Invent Partners has over a decade of software design and development experience, offering a comprehensive service that brings tangible benefits to your business. Seamless, functional software is our speciality.
Web Development
No matter how simple or complex your requirements, we have the perfect web developer on hand to help you achieve your objectives. With an entirely comprehensive range of skills, we’ve yet to be given a challenge that we can’t meet!
Mobile
All of our web development and specialist software services are delivered according to our ‘mobile first’ values where appropriate, but sometimes your website or cloud application requires a supplementary, feature-rich and beautifully functional mobile app.
See All Services
Based in the beautiful city of York, our team of web and software development experts help businesses across the UK to build better brand visibility and improve processes, for a healthier bottom line.
Projects
dotAdmin CMS
The dotAdmin CMS really is intuitive, feature-rich and comes with documentation and online tutorials. It also forms the basis of our dotAdmin website builder platform, which incorporates artificial intelligence decision making to help the user when they are building their site.
CAFS dental school software
Award-winning Clinical Assessment Feedback System (CAFS) is an innovative, efficient and time-saving piece of dental school software and tracking system to help dental schools to manage their students’ learning.
Car Dealer Website Platform
With the knowledge we’ve gained through our work with car supermarkets, motor auctions and independent car dealers, we’ve created a website design platform that fits the industry perfectly.
Clients
Open Source
Invent Invoice
A fun little foray into skeuomorphism, this compact, easy to use invoicing system is now available to download and use in your own business.
Bootstrap Responsive Tabs
Make your Bootstrap tab menus behave well in responsive layouts with this jQuery plugin from the developers at Invent Partners
Eliminate Duplicate Transactions in Google Analytics
This simple piece of javascript will reduce (or even eliminate) the number of duplicate transactions which are recorded in your Google Analytics reports.
All Open Source Software
We love open source! Here are our open source projects.
Free Stuff
Some free utilities and code snippets for you to download.
News
Login
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Privacy Introduction: General Principles
Cookie Use
This website uses cookies for the following purposes:
User login
In order to keep you logged into our website, we store cookie and session information on your computer.
Analytics
We use third party cookies in order to produce reports on our website traffic and usage behaviour. We do not store any personally identifiable information.
Privacy
We do not store any personally identifable information about our website visitors.
We store some traffic and user information to help us improve our website.
We do not share the information which you send to us with third parties.
Privacy statement
Invent Partners are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of anyone using our site and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with.  The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use any personal information that we may obtain from you.
Use and collection of personal information
In general you can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself.  If, however, you use our site you will need to register and you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details.  We will store this data and hold it on computer or otherwise.
We may use information that you provide:
To register you with our website and to administer it.
For assessment and analysis, e.g. marketing, customer and product analysis, to enable us to review, develop and improve our services.
If you do not want us to use data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we might disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller.
If we are under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with or meet any legal obligation.
Cookies
We collect information directly from you in a number of ways.  One way is through our use of ‘cookies’.  Most websites use cookies in order to make them work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.  They help us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout, content and function of the site.  Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by websites that you visit.  They save and retrieve pieces of information about your visit to the website – for example, how you entered the site, how you navigated through the site and what information and documentation was of interest to you.  This means that when you go back to a website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about you on your last visit.
Some of our cookies are used to simply collect information about how visitors use our website and these types of cookies collect the information in an anonymous form.
Where there is a login process relating to buying products or services from us we also use cookies to store personal registration information so that you do not have to provide it to us again on subsequent visits.
The rules about cookies on websites have recently changed.  If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser.  You can set your browser to reject or block cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer.  You can also delete any cookies that are already stored on your computer’s hard drive.  However, please be aware that if you do delete and block all cookies from our website, parts of the site will not then work.  This is because some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of our website to operate.  Likewise, you may not be able to use some products and services on other websites without cookies.
To find out more about cookies, including seeing what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from our website, please leave this site immediately and then delete and block all cookies from this site.  Alternatively, you may opt out of receiving information from us by e-mail, telephone, fax or post.  Our phone number is 01904 636677, or you can e-mail us on enquiries@inventpartners.com.
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.  We will aim to inform you before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes or we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purpose.  You can exercise your right to prevent this happening by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
General
You have the right to see personal data (as defined under the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee of £10.  Any request should be sent to:
Invent Partners Ltd
Unit 12a Tower Business Centre
York
YO10 4UA
Within this section
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Invent Partners
“ Just wanted to send a quick 'thank you' to the Invent Partners team for all your help and support. I love the design of our new site and really appreciate the great service you provided at every stage - you turned a daunting project into one that I really enjoyed! Thanks again. ”
Lou, Advanced Writing Solutions
Contact Us
Name
Email
Telephone
Message
Submit
Tweets by @inventpartners
Key Links
Web Design
Bespoke Websites
Brochure Websites
Business Starter Pack
Dynamic and ecommerce websites
Mobile Websites
Validated & Tested HTML
Website Usability
Services
Mobile
Software
Hosting
Branding
Marketing
Projects
dotAdmin CMS
CAFS
Car Dealer Website Platform
About
Contact
Vacancies
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
© 2020 Invent Partners Ltd |
Supporters of FdA Web Design, Wakefield