http://www.imagescape.com/legal/privacy/
Skip to Content
Legal
Privacy Policy
Imaginary Landscape is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website (www.imagescape.com). Information gathered on our website is used to monitor our effectiveness in providing relevant and credible information, in answering questions, and in improving the user experience.
Information Collected
This site recognizes and collects, when possible, the domain name of a visitor's server (for example, aol.com). We do not automatically collect the full e-mail address of visitors to our website. The only way we obtain your name or e-mail address is when you choose to provide that information to us through a contact form submission.
Information Use
Imaginary Landscape does not sell, trade or rent personal information about its website visitors.
The information we collect about the domain name of the server from which you are visiting is aggregated and used solely to determine the number of visitors to our site each day, and the general source of visits.
E-mail addresses provided by visitors are used to respond to comments submitted through a contact form. If a website visitor asks us to send material that cannot be transmitted electronically, we will need to know the visitor's name and mailing address. We will use that information only to fulfill the visitor's request.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
‘Cookies’
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information that are stored by your Web browser on your computer’s hard drive. Imaginary Landscape may use cookies sparingly. Usage of cookies on our site is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser setting to prevent acceptance of cookies.
Third-Party Vendors
Imaginary Landscape uses third-party vendor remarketing tracking cookies and usage data services provided by Google Adwords and Twitter. For example, we may use Google’s remarketing service to target our ads to you based on your prior use of our website when you visit other websites in the Google Content Network (GCN). PLEASE NOTE: THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER.
The third-party vendors whose services we use, specifically Google and Twitter, will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. These third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to websites. This allows Imaginary Landscape to promote offers and continue to market to those who have shown interest in our services.
In addition to using cookies, we also may permit certain third-party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on our website.
We do respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google, Twitter or any other third-party remarketing system or similar technology. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy, and Google and Twitter’s privacy policy terms.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use by Imaginary Landscape of the information discussed above. Changes in this policy will be posted on this page so that you may always be aware of what information is being collected, how it is being used, and under what circumstances it is being disclosed.
Your Comments
Imaginary Landscape welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send your comments via e-mail to privacy@imagescape.com.
Effective Date: January 1, 2012