https://www.oneupweb.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to main content
These Terms and Conditions of Use (Terms of Use) apply to the Oneupweb website located at www.oneupweb.com, and all associated sites linked to www.oneupweb.com by Oneupweb, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is the property of Oneupweb and its licensors.
BY ACCESSING, VIEWING OR USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Oneupweb reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. Any such modification, change, addition, removal or other revision is effective on the date they are first posted to this Site. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Oneupweb grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Content
Oneupweb or identified third parties are the owners of all text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site. The Content is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without Oneupweb’s express prior written consent.
You may download and print Content displayed on the Site for non-commercial use only by you or your organization provided that you (1) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark without the written consent of Oneupweb or its respective owner.
Your Use of the Site
You may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Oneupweb reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any Oneupweb server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of Oneupweb, including any Oneupweb account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Oneupweb’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Oneupweb.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Oneupweb on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Oneupweb or others.
Other Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions may apply to specific portions or features of the Site, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Site or for any service offered on or through the Site, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Site or the specific service.
Oneupweb’s obligations, if any, with regard to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements.
Privacy
Oneupweb’s Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. To view Oneupweb’s Privacy Policy, click here. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
Links to Other Sites and to the Oneupweb Site
This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites (“Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not under Oneupweb’s control, and Oneupweb is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.
Disclaimers
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ONEUPWEB DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. ONEUPWEB CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. ONEUPWEB DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ONEUPWEB DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY ONEUPWEB SERVICES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST ONEUPWEB FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT SUCH JURISDICTION’S LAW APPLIES TO THIS AGREEMENT.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
Oneupweb reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
Limitation of Liability
Except where prohibited by law, in no event will Oneupweb be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if Oneupweb has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Oneupweb, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against Oneupweb by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.
Violation of These Terms of Use
Oneupweb may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Oneupweb’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including Oneupweb’s customers. Oneupweb reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Oneupweb deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Oneupweb also may disclose your information when Oneupweb determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that Oneupweb may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Oneupweb through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Oneupweb determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Oneupweb, its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that Oneupweb may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Oneupweb, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Oneupweb obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Oneupweb deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Oneupweb may have at law or in equity.
You agree that Oneupweb may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
If Oneupweb does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, Oneupweb will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Oneupweb. You agree that Oneupweb will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law; Dispute Resolution
You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the United States and by the laws of the State of Michigan without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Leelanau County, Michigan, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. Any claim under these Terms of Use must be brought within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is barred.
Void Where Prohibited
Oneupweb administers and operates the www.Oneupweb.com Site from its location in Traverse City, Michigan USA. Although the Site is accessible worldwide, not all features, products or services discussed, referenced, provided or offered through or on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use outside the United States. Oneupweb reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature, product or service made on the Site is void where prohibited. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Oneupweb and you with respect to this Site, and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Oneupweb with respect to this Site. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement or portion of it to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of this Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
Electronic Communications and Electronic Signatures
You agree to be bound by any affirmation, assent, or agreement you transmit through this Web site, including but not limited to any consent you give to receive communications from Oneupweb solely through electronic transmission. You agree that when in the future you click on an “I agree,” “I consent,” or other similarly worded “button” or entry field with your mouse, keystroke, or other computer device, your agreement or consent will be legally binding and enforceable and the legal equivalent of your handwritten signature.