http://www.accountingsoftware411.com/HTMLPage.aspx?pageid=privacy
View Cart |
Login / Register
Site Search>>
Home
SoftwareDirectory
Demos &Downloads
ConsultantDirectory
DiscussionBoards
Jobs/Careers
News& Events
Help
List of Vendors A-Z
List of Software A-Z
Software By Industry
Software By Class
Publicly Traded Companies
Custom Software Search
List your company
Construction
Non Profit
ERP
Manufacturing
CRM
Payroll
More...
List of consultants A-Z
List your company
All News
Top News
Mergers & Acquisitions
Product News
AS411 News
Feature Articles
Events Calendar
News Feeds
About Us
Contact Us
Feedback
Advertise on this site
Browse
Find Software
Find a Consultant
Find Answers/Discuss
List Your Company
Newsletters
eNewsletter
The Insider
Help
About Us
Contact Us
Feedback
Advertise
Click
Here
Free eNewsletter
Sign-up Now!
Enter email:
Sponsor Message
buscopan
buscopan esasolutions.sk protonix protonix allegra
allegra click abortion clinics beverly hills ca
abortion clinics beverly hills cabuy prozac no prescription uk
buy prozac no prescription uk open prednisolon tabletta prednisolon tablettabuscopan buscopan amlodipin sandoz 5 mg
amlodipine sigridw.com venlafaxine and alcohol death
venlafaxine alcohol lexapro pregnancy
lexapro pregnancy risk category sertraline weight gain
sertraline reviews click here cialis 20mg pribalovy letak cialis Accounting Software 411 - Privacy Policy
We take guarding the privacy of the information that
you provide when using Accounting Software 411 very seriously. Please read this
policy to understand how we will treat the personal information that you give
to us. Our privacy procedures include the following:
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable
information to anyone without your permission.
We allow all users to opt out at any time from
receiving e-mail messages from Accounting Software 411.
We allow users to access their users profiles and
change information as they deem necessary.
Your use of Accounting Software 411 constitutes your
agreement to the terms of Accounting Software 411's privacy policy. Since this
policy may change over time as we modify or expand our service, we suggest that
you check back from time to time in order to understand how we treat your
information. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes on this page so that you are always aware of what personal information
we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. Your
continued use of Accounting Software 411 constitutes your agreement to any such
changes.
What personally identifiable information does Accounting
Software 411 collect?
Registration Data. During registration, Accounting
Software 411 collects personal information including your name, email address
and birth date. You do not have to provide any personal information to use
Accounting Software 411. However, if you choose to withhold requested
information, we will not be able to register you and we will not be able to
provide you with some of the other services dependent upon the collection of
such information, such as recieving our email newsletter and participation in
the Message Boards.
How does Accounting Software 411 use personal
information?
We use the personal information you supply us,
including your registration data, to enhance the Accounting Software 411 web
site, personalize your experience and provide you with special offers and
information we think you will find valuable.
Accounting Software 411 uses the information described
above to do, among other things, the following:
Personalize and enhance the Accounting Software 411
site and service such as providing you with press releases related to certain
industry related software products
Send personalized information about Accounting Software
411 and its site features and offers via email, unless you have opted out of
receiving these types of communications.
Contact users for feedback regarding Accounting
Software 411 via email surveys.
We may also use the information we collect to develop
summary reports for our advertisers. An example of a summary report might be
"100,000 people clicked on this link and of those people, 35% were registered
users above the age of 25." We provide this information to assist our
advertisers in determining how to promote their products. We do not tell our
advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements.
What choices are available to you regarding the
collection, disclosure and distribution of personal information and how can you
opt-out?
You can always choose whether or not to disclose
personally identifiable information and that choice will not prevent you from
using Accounting Software 411. Please note, however, that you must provide some
personally identifiable information in order to become a registered Accounting
Software 411 user and take advantage of those features available to registered
users.
You can choose at anytime to opt out of receiving
emails from Accounting Software 411 or from having your personally identifiable
information shared with selected companies. If you want to edit your
preferences with respect to email or the sharing of information, click here:
Account Info.
If you elect to "opt out" we will not share your personal information with
third parties or send you emails. However, Accounting
Software 411 may continue to use your personal information for internal
purposes, to conduct promotions, to enhance your user experience or as
necessary to administer the site or comply with applicable law. For more on
this see Administering the Site below.
What are cookies and how are they used by Accounting
Software 411 ?
Accounting Software 411 does not currently use cookiew
at our site .
Accounting Software 411 does not require users to
accept cookies in order to enjoy the site. You can set your browser to reject
cookies or to notify you when Accounting Software 411 or another company sends
you a cookie. If you have questions about how to change your browser's "cookie"
settings, please contact the software manufacturer. You should be aware,
however, that some areas of Accounting Software 411 will be significantly
slower, or may not function at all, if cookies are disabled.
What happens when you leave Accounting Software 411 to
go to other sites?
When you are on Accounting Software 411, you may be
directed to other sites that are beyond our control. For example, if you
"click" on a banner advertisement, a link to another site or a Accounting
Software 411 search result, the "click" may take you off the Accounting
Software 411 site. These other sites may independently collect data, solicit
personal information, or send their own cookies to you. Accounting Software 411
is not responsible for any use of the information, including click-stream data
that you may create when using such third-party sites.
Accounting Software 411 also offers its users access to
"co-branded" services that are jointly provided by Accounting Software 411 and
selected companies. In many cases, these co-branded services will contain
Accounting Software 411 branding, but may not be hosted by Accounting Software
411. Again, we encourage you to read the privacy polices of these other
companies and to contact these companies directly if you have any questions
about their use of this information.
Who has access to your personally identifiable
information?
Your registration data is password-protected so that
only you and Accounting Software 411 have access to this personal information.
You may edit your registration data by using your password.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to
anyone. Accounting Software 411 will never ask you for your password in an
unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, if you share your
computer or use a computer that is accessed by the general public (a
University, library, etc.), remember to "sign out" of your Accounting Software
411 account and close your browser window when you have finished your session.
This will help to ensure that others cannot access your personal information.
Accounting Software 411 takes steps to ensure that your
information is treated securely and in accordance with our Terms of Service and
this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can
be guaranteed secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal
information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit
to us or from our online products or services, and you use these services at
your own risk.
How and when is information disclosed to third parties?
In general, Accounting Software 411 does not disclose
your personally identifiable information to any third party without first
receiving your permission or in special situations described below, such as to
comply with the law or administer the site. You can elect to opt-out at anytime
by clicking here. You can also
elect not to use certain services or participate in certain promotions if you
do not want your information shared with the third parties who are sponsoring
or administering such promotions.
Administering the Site and Compliance with Law:
Accounting Software 411 may disclose your personally identifiable information
if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply
with applicable law, a subpoena or other legal process.
How can you correct inaccuracies in your personal
information?
You may update your personal information as necessary
by clicking on Account Info, which allows you to access and edit your
registration account information. In addition, you may contact our
Customer Service Department
to update your profile.
Who can you contact with questions regarding this
policy?
Questions regarding this statement should be directed
to our
Customer Service Department.
Company Info
| Privacy Policy
| Terms of Service
| Advertise With Us
| List Your Company
| Contact Us
| Help
|
Copyright © 2006-20011 Accounting Software 411, LLC. All rights reserved.