http://www.softsamba.co.uk/privacy/
Home
About
Blog
Privacy
Terms of Use
Contact
This notice applies to any information collected from all pages owned by softsamba.co.uk
What Information is collected
We *ONLY* ever collect personal information if you enter it on a web page and *manually* click a button to send it to us or if you send us email.
When you surf this site, the information recorded using the standard access log may be saved. This is information that is recorded when you visit any site on the internet.
This information is non-personally identifiable information. It will include some or all of:
the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer),
the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows ’95 or Mac OS)
the IP / domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
How Do We Use The Information
If you have supplied personal information using a web form or email, we will use this information *ONLY* to communicate with you for the purpose for which the information was entered. We will never send you unsolicited email or mail. We will never supply your details to any third party.
We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve our sites and our products. We may also use this non-personal information to create statistics used for marketing and promotion.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
Any agents or contractor who has access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Collection of information by sites that we link to
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Do we use cookies?
No. We do not use cookies.
Security of Information Collected
We take all appropriate steps to protect the security of information that we collect. Nevertheless we cannot be held liable for any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to and without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the aforementioned information collection, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Contacting us / Correcting Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or wish to correct information that you have supplied by email or using a web form, please contact us at info@softsamba.co.uk
Share
Looking for something?
Recent PostsHow do I monitor a database in SAP HANA?November 23, 2020One of the powerful aspects of SAP HANA is that it offers a very complete set of tools that enable …Read More »Simplifying complex issues of Business IT InfrastructureAugust 14, 2019For managing your business venture, you have to take care of its different aspects including product development, sales & billing …Read More »IT Outsourcing – Advantages and DisadvantagesJune 19, 2019More and more companies are hoping to outsource their IT these days. They are looking for a level of skill …Read More »