http://www.domainlot.com/about/privacy.php
General
DomainLot
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this website.
Use
of traffic data
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and
to administer our web site. In addition, traffic generated by our users
is used to analyze overall usage patterns and bandwidth requirements.
Use
of Cookies
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly.
Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and
on some occasions to save your password so you don't have to reenter it
each time you visit our site.
Use
of personal information from DomainLot registration
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name and address). The customer's contact information is used
for billing purposes or to contact the user when necessary. It is not
made available to third parties for any reason without the consent of
the user.
Advertising
On some sections of our site, we use an outside ad company to display
ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in
other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected
by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Links
to outside sites
This site contains links to other sites. DomainLot is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. These include frequent
backups, network segregation and firewalling, and frequent network security
audits.
Corrections
or Updates
If any information you previously provided is incorrectly listed or stored
on our site, please send e-mail to service@domainlot.com
Contacting
the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Customer
Service
DomainLot Inc.
220 Lookout Place
Suite 100
Maitland, FL 32751
About | Terms
| Pricing
| Privacy
| Contact
©2000 domainlot.com - All rights reserved.