https://www.selerix.com/terms-and-conditions/
About Us
Our Story
Leadership Team
Careers
Solution
Selerix BenSelect
Selerix Engage
Selerix ACA
Selerix BenefitAgent
Technology
Platform
Integration
Architecture
Security
Advantage
Employers
Brokers/Agents
Carriers
Implementation Process
Partners
Training
Training
Support
News/Blog
Contact
Request a Demo
Call Sales 469-452-7076
Email Sales
Client Support
Terms and Conditions
loading...
By using Selerix.com, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
1. SCOPE.
Selerix.com is operated by Selerix Systems, Inc. (“Selerix”). These Terms of Use apply only to your use of Selerix.com and do not change or alter any other agreement or contract between you and Selerix or any of its affiliates. Selerix reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or change these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. Your continued use of Selerix.com following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
2. OWNERSHIP.
Selerix.com is the copyrighted work of Selerix and is protected under United States and worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. Selerix grants you permission to utilize Selerix.com and to copy materials herein so long as each copy: (i) is used solely as intended; (ii) is not modified or revised in any manner; (iii) plainly displays all copyright and other proprietary notices, in the same form and manner as on the original; and (iv) displays a statement that the materials are used solely with permission of Selerix. You shall have no right, title or interest in Selerix.com, except as provided for in these Terms of Use.
3. PERMITTED USE.
Selerix authorizes you to use Selerix.com only in the manner specifically authorized and intended under this Agreement. You are not authorized to use, list, print, copy, display, reverse engineer, or distribute Selerix.com in whole or in part, except as expressly authorized herein.
4. JURISDICTION.
Selerix.com is controlled, operated, and intended for use only in the United States of America. We do not represent that materials on this Selerix.com are appropriate or made available for use outside of the United States of America.
5. PRIVACY POLICY.
Our Privacy Statement describes our use and protection of nonpublic personal information (“customer information”) and will help you understand how we treat the customer information that we obtain from you or other sources in the course of providing you with products and services. We urge you to read our Privacy Statement.
6. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.
Selerix.com site may contain links to other websites. Selerix is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site or for the privacy practices of those sites, even though the Selerix name or logo may appear on those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours. Our Privacy Statement applies solely to this website.
7. LINKS TO SELERIX.COM.
Third parties are authorized to include active links on websites they control to direct users to the Selerix.com home page. However, third parties are not authorized to include on their websites links to any other Selerix.com pages or any archived version of Selerix.com without first obtaining prior written permission from Selerix.
8. NO WARRANTY.
Selerix.com is provided “as is”, with no warranty expressed or implied. Other websites link to Selerix.com at their own risk. Selerix is under no obligation to maintain this website, provide or update content, or otherwise support your link to this website.
9. TERMINATION.
Selerix reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to Selerix.com if you fail to follow these guidelines. Selerix may revoke this license upon ten (10) days notice without cause.
10. NON-ACCEPTANCE.
If at any time you choose not to accept these Terms of Use, please discontinue use of this website and delete or disable your user account.
Whether you’re an employer, broker, or carrier, the BenSelect platform provides industry-leading flexibility to meet your organization’s needs. The BenSelect platform goes beyond BenAdmin; it includes a library of insurer products, easily configured for each case including underwriting provisions. From enrollment to ACA compliance, our unique blend of technology and service is something employers, brokers, and carriers have come to expect from the BenSelect platform.
Engage
Manage
Simplify
Industry Leading Product Library
Superior Platform Flexibility
Administrative Automation
Compliance Tools Made Easy
Standardized Integrations
Request a Demo
Learn More & Connect With Us!
SolutionsSelerix BenSelect
BenefitAgent
Selerix ACA
Selerix AdvantagePlatform
Integration
Architecture
TrainingTraining
Registration & Calendar
Social
×