http://www.pogolinux.com/about/privacy-policy
Pogo Linux Privacy Policy
About
Contact Us
Events
Case Studies
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Pogo Linux is committed to protecting the privacy of every person who visits our website. This privacy statement
details how we collect and use information.
Information we collect
You can visit Pogolinux and read information about our services without revealing any information about yourself.
Within normal website usage we do not collect or store personal information such as your name, address, email, phone
or Social Security Number. Only when ordering, registering, or requesting information on our site, as appropriate,
you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. This information is only used
to supply the website visitor with appropriate correspondence.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable
information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in conducting our business, or servicing you,
so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we
believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights,
property, or safety.
How we use the collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support
needs.
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any
other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of
delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send email
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you updates pertaining to your
order and other information. If at any time you would like to discontinue receiving emails, we include an
unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.
How we protect your information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when
you place an order or access your personal information.
Encryption will always be a concern for customers on the Internet. We are committed to ensuring secure
transactions every time which means we use only tested and proven encryption technology. All credit
card transactions are encrypted with Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL). Under SSL encryption, no
one has access to your private information. All you have to do is to make sure your browser supports
40-bit and 128-bit encryption, in order to keep things moving quickly and securely!
Some users may be worried about the use of cookies within their Internet browser. You can rest easy knowing the
cookies used by Pogo Linux will only collect information on how the user navigates the web site. No personal
information is collected.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information
collected offline.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we make changes to our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This page was last modified (for
clarity) on 01/05/2015.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, we encourage you to use
this link to contact us, or
use the information below.
Privacy Policy
Pogo Linux, Inc.
906 Industry Drive
Tukwila, WA 98188
Toll-Free & Intl.
(888) 828-POGO (7646)
(425) 898-2200
Fax – (425) 898-2299
Sales – (888) 828-POGO (7646) ext. 1
subscribe to our newsletter
Email*
Lists*
Pogo
Newsletter