http://www.ukwebgurus.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Blog
Tips
Travel
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:ukwebgurus Inc. ("ukwebgurus") operates ukwebgurus.com and may operate other websites. It is ukwebgurus's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, ukwebgurus collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. ukwebgurus's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how ukwebgurus's visitors use its website. From time to time, ukwebgurus may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
ukwebgurus also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on ukwebgurus.com blogs/sites. ukwebgurus only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to ukwebgurus's websites choose to interact with ukwebgurus in ways that require ukwebgurus to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that ukwebgurus gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at ukwebgurus.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with ukwebgurus are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, ukwebgurus collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with ukwebgurus. ukwebgurus does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
ukwebgurus may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. ukwebgurus may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, ukwebgurus does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
ukwebgurus discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on ukwebgurus's behalf or to provide services available at ukwebgurus's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using ukwebgurus's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. ukwebgurus will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, ukwebgurus discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when ukwebgurus believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of ukwebgurus, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an ukwebgurus website and have supplied your email address, ukwebgurus may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with ukwebgurus and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. ukwebgurus takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. ukwebgurus uses cookies to help ukwebgurus identify and track visitors, their usage of ukwebgurus website, and their website access preferences. ukwebgurus visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using ukwebgurus's websites, with the drawback that certain features of ukwebgurus's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If ukwebgurus, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that ukwebgurus goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of ukwebgurus may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by ukwebgurus and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, ukwebgurus may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in ukwebgurus's sole discretion. ukwebgurus encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a ukwebgurus.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search
Advertisement
10 Travel Facts You Might Not Know
Advertisement
Subscribe Us
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
..........
..........
Subscribe to our mailing list to get updates to your email inbox.
GET MONTHLY NEWSLETTER
*Invalid email address.
Recent Posts
Discovering Lake Resia and its bell tower
Gola del Furlo in the Marche: itineraries and trails
Framura: the best trails and the most beautiful beaches
AAA sought “professional slacker”. A German company pays you for doing absolutely nothing
3 abandoned Italian countries worth visiting for a weekend
Categories
Blog
Tips
Travel
Search
Search
Sponsored By
Quick ResourcesHome
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us