http://www.iolo.com/products/privacy-guardian/
Privacy Guardian™ Online Privacy Protection
Protect Your Private Life with Privacy Guardian.
Get It Now
$27.96
Normally $34.95Save $6.99
Click here for offer details
Works with Windows® 10, 8.1, 8, 7
OverviewFeatures
Much of what you do on your computer isn’t private.Privacy Guardian helps prevent online data mining
Congress has overturned F.C.C. rules requiring broadband providers to get your permission before selling your private data to advertisers, making it even more important to erase traces of your online actions.
Privacy Guardian lets you customize which types of browser and cookie data are cleared whenever it performs a manual or scheduled data clearance, including:
Flash cookies
Website history
HTTP cookies
Autocomplete data
Address bar history
Browser cache
Temporary internet files
Microsoft Silverlight cookie
Privacy Guardian helps prevent operating system data collection
Default Windows® 10 settings enable Microsoft to collect detailed personal information about your computer use. Many of these settings are buried within the OS and not easy to turn off.
Privacy Guardian lets you disable these Windows settings in one convenient wizard:
Microsoft Diagnostics, Data Collection and Telemetry Services
Location Services
SmartScreen Service
Windows Feedback Service
Block access to your sensitive data, device info and habits.Privacy Guardian features:
Microsoft Diagnostics, Data Collection and Telemetry Services
These services automatically record many user habits and actions, including memory snapshots, program usage, system configuration, network connection and more.
Location Services
Data retrieved from installed GPS modules and other location devices delivers highly precise information about current and past user locations. This data can be sold to third-party companies for profiling and targeted advertising purposes.
SmartScreen Service
This service collects data on browsing history and sends this information to Microsoft.
Windows Feedback Service
This setting lets Microsoft see a range of data about your machine, including which browser you’re using, which features you rely on, and which apps you have installed. This info is sometimes used by malicious software.
Cortana virtual assistant
This commonly used feature sends to Microsoft enormous amounts of data related to precisely how you use your computer.
Camera and microphone access
When access to these tools is enabled by default, you are allowing all of the apps on your computer access to them. Many types of malicious attack access camera and microphone through vulnerable apps, to spy on you or steal your personal information.
Activity history collection
This feature, particularly when the Send my activity history to Microsoft box is also checked, risks exposing unknown quantities of information on how you use the apps and services on your computer.
Offer Details: Certain product features require ongoing updates from iolo. One year is included in the initial purchase. After this initial period expires, you must renew to continue to receive access to such features. You may enable automatic renewal during checkout and update your automatic renewal preferences by logging into your iolo Account. See Sales Policy for more details.
PC Security & Performance
Password Safety
Registry cleaner myths
Computer repair
PC tuneup
System speed
Registry repair
Slow computer
Windows startup
PC Performance Solutions
System cleaner
Computer help
PC Performance
Check computer
Wipe hard drive
System repair
Computer problems
Boot time
iolo in the newsThe Secure Password and Credit Card Manager You Shouldn’t Be WithoutPrivacy Guardian Quick Start GuideNew System Mechanic 16 Scans and Repairs Many Times Faster Than Any Prior VersionCustomer Care
Extend My Service
Lookup Licensing
Knowledgebase Search
Contact Customer Care
Product Uninstall
Also Available At:
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technology for a number of purposes, including to enhance your experience when you visit our websites and to personalize ads/content available on our website. You can learn more about our use of these technologies in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this website, including clicking off or closing this banner, you consent to the use of these technologies by this website.
ACCEPT