http://www.beckconsulting.com/website-terms-and-conditions/
Terms and conditions.
This terms and conditions policy covers the use of beckconsulting.com (“Website”), which is owned and operated by BCG Management Resources, Inc. (“Beck Consulting”).
Acceptance of Terms
You are entitled to use the Website subject to the following terms of use. Your use of the Website is deemed as acceptance of these terms of use. Beck Consulting reserves the right to update any part of this agreement without notice, and the updates will be posted on this page. Beck Consulting advises users to regularly check the Terms and Conditions of this agreement.
Privacy Policy
Beck Consulting does not collect any personal information without your consent, and does not share this information with any business partners or outside organizations. For more information on how Beck Consulting protects your privacy, please see our separate Privacy Statement.
Terms and Conditions of Website Use
You agree that you shall not use the Website for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the Website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce the overall functionality of the Website. You also agree not to compromise the security of the Website or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
Copyright
All intellectual property of Beck Consulting such as trademarks, trade names, patents, registered designs and any other automatic intellectual property rights derived from the aesthetics or functionality of the Website remain our property. The design of Website, all images, logos, and animated elements are protected by trade dress, trademark unfair competition, and other laws, and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part, unless expressly permitted by Beck Consulting.
By using the Website you agree to respect our intellectual property rights and will refrain from copying, downloading, transmitting, reproducing, printing, or exploiting for commercial purpose any material contained within the Website. For use of any materials, please contact Beck Consulting for express written permission. Failure to do so is expressly prohibited by law, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
Modification
Beck Consulting reserves the right to modify or remove any part of the Website without warning or liability arising from such action.
Limitation of Liability
Beck Consulting will under no circumstance be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages including any loss of business, revenue, profits, or data in relation to your use of our Website. Nothing within this agreement will operate to exclude any liability for death or personal injury arising as result of the negligence of Beck Consulting, its employees, or agents.
Disclaimers
Beck Consulting does not guarantee uninterrupted availability of the Website and cannot provide any representation that using the Website will be error free. Beck Consulting shall not in any way be held liable for errors, defects, flaws, inefficiencies, infringements, or other claims concerning the material provided on the Website. The information contained on the Website is provided with no warranties expressed or otherwise implied relating to the accuracy, fitness for purpose, compatibility, or security of any components of the Website. By using material on the Website you release Beck Consulting from all other warranties, obligations, and liabilities than otherwise mentioned in this agreement and hereby waive all other rights, claims, and remedies against Beck Consulting, its owners, directors, officers, or employees, express or implied, arising by law or otherwise.
Third Parties
The Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other parties. Beck Consulting does not control such websites and takes no responsibility for, and will not incur any liability in respect of, their content. The Website’s inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of views, statements, or information contained in such websites.
Governing Law
This terms and conditions policy, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this policy, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.