http://www.athena-scs.com/about/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Athena Shop Athena Japan
About
Athena
Certification
Technology
Partners
Industry Memberships
News
Events
Products & Solutions
Government
ePassport
IAS ECC
Identity
PIV / FIPS 201
Driver Licence
Enterprise
PIV I
Windows Logon
PKI
Payment and PKI
Payment
ATM
EMV
Payment and PKI
Transportation
NFC
Readers
Biometric
Keyboards
Motorized
Support
Support Portal
Software & Driver Downloads
Document Downloads
homeaboutprivacy policy
AthenaCertificationTechnologyPartnersIndustry MembershipsNewsEvents
Athena Smartcard Website Privacy Policy
In this Website Privacy Statement ("statement"), we, K.K Athena Smartcard Solutions (“Athena”), provide information about how we collect, use and transfer personally identifiable data from you, an individual person and website visitor, through Athena’s publicly accessible websites (any of our websites such as www.athena-scs.com that can be accessed without a password) and on which we post a direct link to this statement (collectively the "site"). Scope This statement covers only data collected through the site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of web pages to which the site links, or data that we or our affiliates collect offline or through web pages that do not display a direct link to this statement, for example the Athena Support Portal or the Athena Web Shop on which we host data for registered customers.
Types of Data and Collection Methods Through the site, we receive data that you actively submit as well as data that we track: Actively Submitted Data: When you request information, subscribe to a mailing list or for a service, respond to an online survey or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, e-mail address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and certain information related to the business you represent such as your company name and industry type. You can opt out of providing information by not entering it when asked and, if such information is required in order to allow us to respond to your inquiry, you will receive a notice advising you of this. In each such instance, you will know what data we collect through the site, because you actively submit it. Passively Tracked Data: When you visit the site, we also passively track information on your computer and Internet connection, such as the IP address of your computer and/or Internet service provider, the date and time you access the site, the Internet address of websites from which you link to our site, the computer technology you are using and your movements and preferences on our site. We may use technology that many other websites employ, including, without limitation, "cookies" or small data files stored on your computer's hard drive, to collect such information. In some instances, we may also use cookies to collect information in connection with future visits from that website, to recognise you as a previous visitor, or to track your activity on our site. If you follow a link to the site from an affiliate or promotion, we store information about your arrival from that affiliate or promotion in a session cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit our site. You can refuse cookies by turning them off on your browser. But, if you want to access web pages that require registration, you need to accept a mandatory session cookie, which you can delete after you leave the site. Combinations: Unless you also actively submit personal information such as your name or address, passively tracked data does not typically allow us to identify you personally (even though it can theoretically be done, we do not have the means or an interest to find out who you are, unless you identify yourself voluntarily through an active submission of data). To the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to combine passively tracked data with personal data that you actively submit. Collection Purposes, Use of Data We collect passively tracked data primarily for purposes of administering, protecting and improving our site and our systems, to better understand the preferences of our site visitors, to identify server problems, to compile aggregated statistics about site usage, and to help personalize your experience on our site. We do not deliver third party online advertisements on our sites but we advertise our products and services on others' Web sites. We may work with service providers to deliver retargeting advertisements and other advertisements on our behalf to visitors of our www.athena-scs.com site. We collect actively submitted data primarily for two purposes: Firstly, for the purpose for which you originally sent us the data (e.g., if you ask us to contact you through a contact us form); and secondly, for purposes of contacting you to further discuss your interest in our company, the services we provide and ways we can improve them to provide information on services, promotions and events. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails as explained below.
Disclosures of Personal Information We are not in the business of selling or renting your information to telemarketers and we do not share your personally identifiable information with others, except as follows: We freely share your information within the Athena group of companies. We also may share information with trusted business partners, such as system integrators, distributors, and referral partners and any other party specifically identified on the page on which you submit your information. We engage agents and service providers who process data only on our behalf and for our purposes under confidentiality agreements. We may share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others' legal rights, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other re-organisation of all or parts of our business. Also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information that is not in personally identifiable form (such as statistics and survey results that do not identify you individually by name). Opt-Out In connection with promotions or other projects, we may ask you specifically whether you have objections against a certain kind of data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, we will respect your decision. To opt out of receiving commercial communications from Athena, please click on the "opt-out" or “Unsubscribe” link in the communication or,  please contact us at . Please note that our affiliates and other data recipients have their own data privacy policies, which may differ from ours and you would have to contact them separately with respect to opt-out requests.
Web Shop Sales Your online order is made through our authorized reseller, 2CheckOut.com Inc. (Ohio, USA). Your credit card statement will indicate that your order is made with our authorized reseller.  Access If personal information you have submitted through the site is no longer accurate, current, or complete, and you wish to update it, please send an e-mail to . Upon appropriate request we will usually be glad to update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use information obtained previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate.
Security Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Effective Date, Amendments This statement is effective as of February 1, 2012. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this statement from time to time and in our sole discretion, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the statement the date it was last updated. When you visit the site, you are accepting the current version of this statement as posted on the site at that time. We recommend that users revisit this statement on occasion to learn of any changes. Contact Us Please feel free to contact us with any comments, questions, complaints or suggestions you might have regarding the information practices described in this statement. You may send us an e-mail at
or write to one of our regional offices, according to the contact details mentioned in this web site Contact section.
Shop
Athena Web Shop
Documentation
Datasheets Success Stories
Drivers & Software
Download the latest Athena drivers & software
Support Portal
Login into Athena’s support system to submit tickets and view the knowledgebase
Sitemap | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy      ©
Athena SCS Limited. All rights reserved.