https://www.dragonsocial.net/privacy-policy/
About Us Dragon Social is a Chinese Social Media Marketing agency in China, offering Weibo and WeChat marketing services. With a diverse international team, we help global businesses expand to China.
admin@www.dragonsocial.net +852-2831-1888 Privacy PolicyINTRODUCTION The terms Dragon Social or “we” or “us” or “our” or any grammatical variations of the preceding words refer to Dragon Social Limited. The terms “you” or “your” refer to the client/customer or to users of any of the interfaces (including but not limited to websites and emails) provided by Dragon Social.Dragon Social’s Privacy Policy shall apply to the information obtained via our website(s), through emails, through information obtained through third parties and shall govern our behavior related to all services offered by us. But this document shall not curtail Dragon Social’s right to publish privacy policies specifically corresponding to one or more services.Queries regarding our Privacy Policy can be sent through any mode of communication specified by us in any of our interfaces.Information Collection and UsageInformation provided by you. You shall be required to give certain information while accessing our website, communicating with us through other means, making use of our services. Owing to the nature of our service it shall be mandatory on your part to provide some specific details. Not providing us with certain information might act to your detriment. We might choose not to provide you our offering in case you fail or refuse to provide us with the information we need. The information includes but is not limited to your name, your email id(s), phone number(s), user id for other websites and corresponding passwords, credit card details and any other information required to provide you with our assistance efficiently.Automatic Information Collection. Dragon Social or third party service providers might collect some information every time you make use of any of our websites. This information might be collected without your prior permission. We might collect certain information, commonly known as Traffic Data and Information of the visitors of our web pages which include inter alia the IP address, Operating System and browser type of your device being used for communication. We might also save data including the phone numbers or email ids used by you to communicate with us. On certain occasions we might use JavaScript or similar software to collect information about your usage of our websites such as the duration of the session, response times etc. when you access our web pages. We might choose to take appropriate measures to receive information regarding the delivery of our e-mails or information regarding when you accessed our e- mail(s).Information collected in the above mentioned procedures shall strictly be used for providing our better services to you. We will try to abstain from collecting superfluous information.Sharing Customer InformationThird Party Services Due to our modus operandi it becomes necessary for us to share certain client information with third parties (e.g., payment providers). First, information like credit card details etc could be shared with third parties to ensure that that payment for the services takes place efficiently. Secondly, Customer information could be shared with third parties for better customer assistance and to help us serve our customers better.Business Transfers. With the development of our trade, we might choose to buy other businesses. Following general practices of trade, customer information might be shared for the functioning of our newly acquired businesses. In the unlikely event of Dragon Social being taken over by another business company, customer information could be one of the assets being transferred. We shall try to ensure that the customer information is not misused.Statutory Requirements. Dragon Social could release customer information if required to do so by law. Besides, Dragon Social holds the rights to share customer information with law enforcement agencies for maintenance of law and order, protection from fraud etc. We cannot be held liable for sharing any information of our clients or users of our interface.Social Media Credentials. Dragon Social will not share or modify a user’s social media credentials. We will not be responsible for any changes to social media credentials on the user’s account.Security of Information. Dragon Social makes use of sound practices like data encryption, installing firewall etc to ensure that customer information is not misused or accessed without authority. Steps shall be undertaken by Dragon Social to ensure that customer information is not altered or destroyed to the detriment of its clients. Dragon Social shall not be held liable for loss of data or any unauthorized access to the client information stored by us.Other websites and Servers. Third party web sites may use certain technology to send the content of our web site, to process payments for the purchase of services on our web site etc. In addition, third parties may host the servers that deliver our hosted services to our clients. They may automatically receive your IP address when you visit our website or communicate with us through other means. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that third parties may have, and the information practices of these third party web sites or servers are not covered by this Privacy Policy.Changes to the Privacy Policy. We might make suitable amendments to its Privacy Policy. We shall endeavor to make our users/clients aware of these amendments by. It is expected that users of our web pages or our clients read our Privacy Policy regularly to make themselves aware of any amendments made to our Privacy Policy. Dragon Social shall not be liable for any delay in the in publication of the amended Privacy Policy.This document was last updated on 2017-02-27    Dragon Social offers revolutionarily simple and effective social media marketing services to international companies. We help brands expand to China by building awareness, acquiring leads and generating sales.
Latest Posts 10 Most Popular Social Media Sites in China (2020 Updated) Luxury Brands: Localizing For Chinese Luxury Consumers Double 12: The Sequel to Alibaba’s Single’s Day 5 Ways to Pay Suppliers in China: An Analysis on The Pros & Cons A Quick Guide on How To Optimize Your Chinese Content Marketing How to Sell in China: Top 3 China Cross-border E-commerce Platforms Newsletter Get more insights on Marketing in China.
Join Our Team      Contact Us Privacy Policy      Terms of Service Quick Links #E-commerce    #Real Estate    #Tourism    #Blockchain #Digital Marketing in China      #WeChat Marketing      #Weibo Marketing© Copyright 2019 Dragon Social Ltd. – All Right Reserved.