http://www.mitsubishi-presentations.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Downloads
Questions: (888) 307-0309
Privacy Policy
Mitsubishi Electric Visual and Imaging Systems (“ME-VIS”) is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. This policy applies to all Internet sites operated by ME-VIS and it explains how ME-VIS treats the information about you that we receive on the Internet.
Your privacy is very important to us. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a visitor to our Web site (the “Site”), what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit this Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone and the choices you have regarding our use of the information. Please note that our policy applies only to the internet sites operated by ME-VIS, although our corporate affiliates employ similar privacy procedures on their internet sites. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other unrelated “Mitsubishi” Internet sites or to those of other companies or organizations to which we link. We try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, but we are not responsible for their privacy practices. Because of such differences, you should read the privacy statements of those other Internet sites.
In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our service automatically gathers certain usage information on an anonymous basis such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Site. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site and how much of the Site you use, so that we can improve our Site and enhance your experience when using it.
ME-VIS uses a technology nicknamed “cookies” that tells us how and when pages in the Site are visited, and by how many people. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie remains for approximately 90 days. After 90 days, the cookie will terminate or reset if the user returns after the expiration. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. ME-VIS cookies do not collect personally identifiable information, and ME-VIS does not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what is your screen name or e-mail address.
There are times, however, when we may need personally identifiable information from you: when you register a product, and/or request vendor specific services, or when you ask for product information. In those cases, we will request certain information — such as your name, address, email address, phone number, company affiliation and category interest — in order to provide that service or information to you. ME-VIS collects personally identifying information only with your specific knowledge and consent. ME-VIS may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested. You can choose not to receive such information by letting ME-VIS know on the registration form when you sign up for the product or service.
We use the information collected about visitors to our Site exclusively for internal purposes. ME-VIS does not provide, sell or disclose to other companies or organizations information about your individual visits to the Site or personally identifiable information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, unless you request or direct that we do so.
At times we may conduct on-line surveys to better understand the interests and profiles of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the personal information we ask you to provide so that you can decide whether or not to participate.
What cookies are and how they are used.
What are cookies? Cookies are used for setting a key on a user’s browser that links him/her to the current state of their Web session. Their purpose is to let us know when you visit our site, where you visit in the site, and save preferences you set. Your browser can be set to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not have access into password-protected pages within www.mitsubishi-presentations.com
We want to be sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you. We know that a lot of people have concerns about cookies, but in talking with many of our users we feel that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers,, so we respect these concerns. www.mitsubishi-presentations.com also tracks IP addresses of Web sites from which you may visit www.mitsubishi-presentations.com to analyze the data for trends and statistics reporting. In a few cases, specifically when you respond to e-mail marketing campaigns generated by third party vendors, your IP address may be associated with some of your user information when you browse www.mitsubishi-presentations.com.
With whom your information may be shared.
Service Providers We sometimes hire companies (Service providers) to provide services on our behalf. Service providers may provide mailing and event registration information or technical support information to you. We will only provide such service providers the information they need to deliver the services and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
On occasion, ME-VIS uses Web site framing techniques, linking you to another service provider’s Web site that retains the look and feel and navigation of www.mitsubishi-presentations.com. This practice is used simply to aid you to easily navigate back to www.mitsubishi-presentations.com.
Companies Offering Promotions
From time to time, a ME-VIS business partner may wish to offer promotions. ME-VIS and its partners may engage in events or provide bundled products. In those instances, we will share your information with that partner. Such promotions such as joint sales promotions, jointly developed products, and joint announcements will always reference the partners involved. Both ME-VIS and its partner(s) will have access to information submitted by users who have expressed interest in marketing promotions. While we carefully choose our partners, we do advise you to review the privacy policies of these partners as well. If you receive a communication from a ME-VIS partner and wish to opt out of any subsequent partner communications, please contact that partner directly.
Intermediaries
We may also share your information with intermediaries such as credit card companies or banks. Intermediaries serve solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information other than to process a transaction.
Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal information to another party, such as law enforcement officials, in order to comply with legal requirements, court orders, government or law enforcement agency requests, to protect or defend ME-VIS, or where we perceive an immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to someone as a result of activity on our Web sites. Our disclosures may occur under circumstances where we may not be authorized to advise you of such action.
How does ME-VIS use the personally identifiable information that has been collected?
ME-VIS uses personally identifiable information in a limited number of ways. We use the information to complete transactions and to communicate back to you updates on services, products and promotions that you have requested.
We do not sell user information to anyone.
Which ‘opt out’ options do you have as a www.mitsubishi-presentations.com user?
You can opt-out of e-mail based marketing campaigns via the unsubscribe option contained in the e-mail invitation at the bottom.
In each email-marketing scenario, such as newsletter, and product or promotion announcement, you will be given an “opt-out” (unsubscribe) link to click on at the bottom. Immediately following your “opt-out” request, you will see a window notifying you that your unsubscribe as successful.
Security
Your information is stored on ME-VIS’s servers located in the United States. We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, “firewalls” and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
Notice of Changes
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amend terms on the Site So that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. All amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site.
To whom should questions regarding this privacy statement be directed?
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to ME-VISservice@ME-VIS.com. We will strive to respond to your requests within 3 business days.
Or you can mail to:
C/O Customer Service
MITSUBISHI ELECTRIC VISUAL AND IMAGING SYSTEMS
10833 Valley View Boulevard
Suite 300
Cypress, CA 90630
If you do not wish to receive emails from ME-VIS please email your request to ME-VISservice@ME-VIS.com to be removed from our email list or contact us at:
Mitsubishi Electric Visual and Imaging Systems
Attn: Customer Service
10833 Valley View Boulevard
Suite 300
Cypress, CA 90630