https://www.chronosnet.com/privacy-policy
Products
Downloads
News
Support
Sign In
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") applies to anonymous and personal information collected by Chronos from users of the www.chronosnet.com website (the "Site") or from users of the Chronos products (the "Software").
Chronos respects your individual privacy and this Policy documents our adherence to industry standards for the protection of your personal information.
1. Anonymous Information Collection. Chronos collects anonymous, aggregate information from all visitors to the Site such as the IP address of your computer. This anonymous information can be used and disclosed by Chronos for any purpose such as web statistics, etc.
2. Personal Information Collection. Chronos requires the submission of certain personally identifiable information when you use the Site in particular ways. Such information is not automatically collected and requires deliberate user submission. Below are several examples of personal information collection including, but not limited to, the following:
Contact Requests, Contests, Surveys. Personally identifiable information is required if you send Chronos a message through the Site's "Contact Chronos" section, or sign up to participate in a promotional contest or survey offered through the Site.Newsletters. Personally identifiable information is required if you sign up for the Chronos newsletter including email address.Software Purchase. Personally identifiable information is required when you purchase the Software including your name, street address, phone number and email address.Software Registration. Personally identifiable information is required when you register the Software including your name, street address, phone number, credit card number, expiration date and email address.3. Personal Information of Children Under 13. The Chronos Site is not directed to children and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any personal information on our Site. If Chronos learns that personal information has been submitted on the Site by someone less than 13 years of age, we will delete that information from our records.
4. Use of Personally Identifiable Information. Chronos will never rent, trade or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties. Unless you tell us not to (see the opt-out procedures below), Chronos may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To respond to a request from you for information or help;To contact you regarding a contest, promotion or survey you entered on our site.To send you our newsletter in response to your request;To send you licensing information in response to your Software purchase;To contact you regarding Chronos products or services;Chronos may use a third-party service provider to perform any or all of these functions.5. Opting Out and Changing or Updating Personal Information. A clear opt-out option is available on communication messages Chronos sends. For example, to cancel your subscription to the Chronos newsletter, click the link at the bottom of the email newsletter. You may choose not to allow Chronos to use or disclose your personally identifiable information collected on the Site by checking or unchecking the appropriate box on the page where the information is submitted. You may also inform us of your preferences, or update your personal information by contacting Chronos.
You may not opt-out of direct responses to inquiries made by you. You may not opt out of communications relating to changes in this Policy or potential violations of the Terms of Use of the Site or the End User License Agreement of the Software. You may not opt out of uses and disclosures required by law or which we reasonably believe are necessary to prevent harm to Chronos or others.
6. Disclosure of Personal Information As Required By Law. We will disclose personal information when required by law, or if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us. We reserve the right to disclose personal information, to the full extent permitted by law, to prevent harm to Chronos or others.
7. Cookies. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Certain portions of our Site may utilize cookies only to identify the customer, not to identify any specific customer traits. This allows us to maintain consistency in the shopping basket and enable a more pleasant shopping experience. A cookie cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
8. Site Usage Analysis. We store information that we collect through log files (described below) to help us understand how people use our Site. This anonymous information is used primarily to help us improve the experience of the users on the Site. A third party service provider may assist Chronos in analyzing and using the log files. Anonymous information can be used and disclosed by Chronos for any purpose.
Log files record Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track a customer's movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
9. Software Version Checking. Some of our Software has been equipped with a version checking feature. Upon launching the Software, the version of the Software you are running is captured and sent to our webserver. It is compared to the most current shipping version and if an update is available, the Software will notify you of how to obtain it. No personally identifiable information is sent to our server, only information from the Software itself.
10. Business Transitions. In the event Chronos goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of a portion of its assets, our users' personal information may be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified of a change of ownership or control of their personal information via notice on the Site. If, as a result of the business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be given a choice consistent with the section of this Policy on Opting Out.
11. Links. This Site contains links to other sites. Chronos is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Chronos.
12. Security. Chronos offers a secure server for order processing. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all the order information sent to us. Chronos takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information submitted by users of our Site. However, given the nature of the Internet and the fact that network security measures are not infallible, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information submitted by users of the Site. We disclaim any warranty, express or implied, that any such security precautions will not be broken, violated or in some way compromised.
13. Notification of Changes. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will prominently post a notice on the main page and other pages to alert you about the change. We may also email users notifying them of the changes. If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be given a choice consistent with the section of this Policy on Opting Out.
14. Contact Information. You may contact us through the Customer Service page on the Site or at:
Chronos Inc.PO Box 949Heber City, Utah 84032