http://www.storagegalaxy.com/termsofuse.cfm
Technology Galaxy: Terms of Use
702-792-2111
sales@tekgalaxy.com
Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Status
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Register
Sign in
Categories
Categories
Computers
Laptops
Cameras
Hardware
Smartphones
0
Cart
$0.00
categories
Accessories
Cables
Cameras
Desktops
Monitors
Network
Notebooks
Phones
Printer Supplies
Printers
Projectors
Scanners
Servers
Services
Software
Storage
Tablets
Televisions
Toys
UPS
Video Games
FREE SHIPPING ON OUR ENTIRE CATALOG!
Order Status
Contact
menu
Language
English
Currency
US Dollar
Home
Super Deals
Super Deals
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Featured Brands
Featured Brands
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
Trending Styles
Trending Styles
Menu Item
Menu Item
Menu Item
contact
Categories
Accessories
Cables
Cameras
Desktops
Monitors
Network
Notebooks
Phones
Printer Supplies
Printers
Projectors
Scanners
Servers
Services
Software
Storage
Tablets
Televisions
Toys
UPS
Video Games
Home : Terms of Use
Terms of Use Agreement
Welcome to technologygalaxy.com. We maintain this web site as a service
to our customers. By using our site, you are agreeing to comply with and be
bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following terms
carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not review information
or obtain goods or products from this site.
1. Acceptance of Agreement. You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in
this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") with respect to our site
(the "Site"). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement
between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements,
representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the
content, products or services provided by or through the Site, and the subject
matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us from
time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted
on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
2. Copyright. The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation,
magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site
are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary
(including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying,
redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the
Site, except as allowed by Section 4, is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire
ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through the
Site. The posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a
waiver of any right in such information and materials.
3. Limited Right to Use. The viewing, printing or downloading of any content,
graphic, form or document from the Site grants you only a limited, nonexclusive
license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for
republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of
derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document may be
reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system,
electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale
or redistribution).
4. Editing, Deleting and Modification. We reserve the right in our sole
discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content
appearing on the Site.
5. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our
partners, attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively, "Affiliated
Parties") harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including
reasonable attorney's fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use
of the Site.
6. Nontransferable. Your right to use the Site is not transferable. Any
password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not
transferable.
7. Disclaimer and Limits. THE INFORMATION FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE
PROVIDED "AS-IS," "AS AVAILABLE," AND ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER
OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE). THE INFORMATION AND SERVICES MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR
OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER
FOR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR SERVICE. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A
LIMITATION THEREOF, WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON
BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT
LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE
NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE
BARGAIN BETWEEN US AND YOU. THIS SITE AND THE INFORMATION WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED
WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY,
REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY VIRUSES CONTAINED
WITHIN THE ELECTRONIC FILE CONTAINING THE FORM OR DOCUMENT IS DISCLAIMED. WE
WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
OF ANY KIND THAT MAY RESULT FROM USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SITE. OUR
MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER ALL CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE EQUAL TO THE PURCHASE
PRICE YOU PAY FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES OR INFORMATION.
8. Use of Information. We reserve the right, and you authorize us, to the use
and assignment of all information regarding Site uses by you and all information
provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.11. Privacy
Policy. Our Privacy Policy, as it may change from time to time, is a part of
this Agreement.
9. Payments. You represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something
from us  that (i) any credit information you supply is true and complete,
(ii) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and
(iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including
any applicable taxes.
Any change of credit card after the initial transaction has
already taken place, will incur a change of transaction fee of up to 7%.
10. Securities Laws. This Site may include statements concerning our
operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic
performance and demand for our products or services, as well as our intentions,
plans and objectives, that are forward-looking statements. These statements are
based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are subject to
significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. When used on
our Site, words like "anticipates," "expects,"
"believes," "estimates," "seeks,"
"plans," "intends" and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements designed to fall within securities law safe
harbors for forward-looking statements. The Site and the information contained
herein does not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for sale of
any securities. None of the information contained herein is intended to be, and
shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into any of our securities-related
filings or documents.
11. Copyrights and Copyrright Agents. We respect the intellectual property of
others, and we ask you to do the same. If you believe that your work has been
copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our
Copyright Agent the following information:
(a) An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
(b) A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
(c) A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located
on the Site;
(d) Your address, telephone number, and email address;
(e) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use
is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(f) A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or
authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Our Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site
can be reached at webmaster@tekgalaxy.com.
12. Information and Press Releases. The Site contains information and press
releases about us. While this information was believed to be accurate as of the
date prepared, we disclaim any duty or obligation to update this information or
any press releases. Information about companies other than ours contained in the
press release or otherwise, should not be relied upon as being provided or
endorsed by us.
13. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed
and performed in Las Vegas, NV, and shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada (without regard to conflict of
law principles). Any cause of action by you with respect to the Site (and/or any
information, products or services related thereto) must be instituted within one
(1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. All
actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8 and Section
10. The language in this Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning
and not strictly for or against either party. All legal proceedings arising out
of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought solely in Las Vegas,
Nevada. You expressly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts and
consents to extra-territorial service of process. Should any part of this
Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed
consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full
force and effect. To the extent that anything in or associated with the Site is
in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement, this Agreement shall take
precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be
deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision.
14. Pricing, Availability and Product Pictures. Prices and availability are subject to change
without prior notice.  If an item's correct price is greater than our listed price, we may, at our own
discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Although Technology Galaxy does its best to stay
current, product pictures may not be representative of actual item being sold.
Products are based on the manufacturer part number they represent.
Pictures may sometimes show an item in a different color or quantity than the
part number actually represents.  Product pictures are meant to give the
customer an "idea" of the product and are not to be used solely to identify or
be an actual representation of the product.
15. Return Policy. Technology Galaxy follows a general
15-day return policy for “returnable” items.  It is the customer’s
responsibility to obtain an email from Technology Galaxy, stating the return
policy of an item, prior to purchase.  Technology Galaxy does NOT and CANNOT
accept RA# requests beyond 15-days from shipment date.  Technology
Galaxy bases its return policy on that of the manufacturer or Distributor of the
item.  Because of this, our return policies are subject to change at any time
and without prior notice, in order to stay consistent with the manufacturer or
Distributor.  In order to return an item, customers must obtain an RA# (Return
Authorization Number) as well as the proper "Ship To" address.  Returns
information may be obtained by sending an e-mail to
support@tekgalaxy.com.  A return request must be approved by Technology
Galaxy and the item shipped to the address specified in the Return
Authorization.  Approved returns are classified as defective or non-defective
and abide by the following terms:
Defective items:  Depending on the nature and extent of the
problem, all defective items will either be replaced by Technology Galaxy
directly, or the customer will be referred to the original manufacturer. Should
Technology Galaxy accept the defective return, a replacement item will be
shipped to the customer after the defective item is received, inspected and
approved by Technology Galaxy.  If the customer requests an immediate shipment
on the replacement item, Technology Galaxy will charge them the full amount,
including shipping.  The customer will then be refunded the cost of the
defective item minus original shipping charges, after the defective item is
received, inspected and approved by Technology Galaxy.  If a refund is requested
on a defective item, the customer will be refunded the original cost of the
defective item, minus shipping and a 15% restocking fee.  It is the customer's
responsibility to return the item to the address specified by Technology Galaxy in the
Return Authorization, at the customer's expense.  Technology Galaxy is not
responsible for any charges incurred by the customer in returning an item.
Non-Defective items:  Upon Technology Galaxy approval,
non-defective items may be returned for an exchange, store credit, or refund.
All approved, non-defective returns will be charged a 15% restocking fee.  The
customer will be refunded the original cost of the item, minus shipping and a
15% restocking fee.  It is the customer's responsibility to return the item to
the address specified by Technology Galaxy in the Return Authorization, at the
customer's expense.  Technology Galaxy is not responsible for any charges
incurred by the customer in returning an item.
In order to expedite the returns process, please be sure to
include the following items in your email:
Invoice #Company Name (if applicable)
Contact person
Please provide the Part Number as well as the quantity of all items
returned.
Reason(s) for return or exchange.
If the item is defective, please provide a detailed explanation of the
problem.
Indicate whether or not the package has been opened.
If the package has been opened, indicate if you have the original
manufacturer's box that the item(s) were shipped in?
If returning a defective item, indicate whether you would like a
replacement or refund.
The response time for RA# requests typically takes 24-48 hours.  Technology
Galaxy will not accept any return item(s) not in their original
manufacturer's box.  Should the customer not have the original box and
packaging materials, it is their responsibility to obtain such items from
the manufacturer at their own expense.   After obtaining the RA# and
shipping address, please take the following steps:
Package the ordered item(s) securely in their original box, along with all
packaging
materials.
DO NOT write on the box itself.  Shipping labels MUST be used.
Write the proper shipping address on the self-provided labels.  Remember, returns
without an RA# will NOT be accepted.
Please include your full name, address, and RA# on the return label.
The RA# must be written on the shipping label above the returns warehouse
address.
Ship return item(s) via UPS, FedEx, or other third-party carrier that
utilizes a
tracking system and offers insurance on shipped items.  Obtaining insurance from the carrier for the value of the item(s) in the
package is recommended.  Technology Galaxy is not responsible for any lost return
items/packages or any other damage that results from shipment to our
returns warehouse.  The customer must obtain and keep their tracking#
in a safe place until the return item(s) is/are received by our returns
warehouse.
After the RA# is issued, the item(s) must be returned within 15 days from
the date of issuance.  Returns will NOT be accepted after the 15 day
window from
the date the RA# was issued.
16. Refusal of Package. An order cancellation may not take place on an item that
has
already shipped. If a customer places an order and then refuses the package,
a 15% restocking fee will apply. The customer will then be re-credited for the return item(s)
less a 15% restocking fee and any shipping fees associated with the return(s).
17. Discontinued and phased-out items. Returns on discontinued or phased-out items will NOT be
accepted.  Return requests may only be submitted for active items.
18. Purchase of non-returnable items. Technology Galaxy does not accept any returns on (including but not limited to) non-defective, non-factory sealed memory modules, Laptops, Desktops, CPU's, other types of processors, laptop carrying cases/portfolio cases, laptop accessories, certain model scanners (such as Canon, Kodak and Panasonic), scanner accessories, certain model projectors, UPS accessories, cables, camera accessories, print supplies, printer accessories, processors, motherboards, keyboards, mice, modems, media, adapters, software, monitor accessories, storage accessories, hard drives, video cards and discontinued items. Certain items may only be exchanged or returned via the manufacturer, defective or non-defective:
This includes but is not limited to Panasonic and Canon Scanners, HP Printers, certain model laptops such as Lenovo, as well as discontinued products.
Contact Technology Galaxy to verify the return policy of an item, prior to purchasing.
It is the responsibility of the customer to obtain an email from Technology Galaxy, stating the return policy of any item they wish to order, prior to placing the order.
To submit a return request for the above-mentioned items, the item(s) MUST be unopened and factory sealed.
19. RA#'s issued for defective items or factory-sealed items.
If Technology Galaxy
finds a defective return to be non-defective, the item will be shipped back to the customer at
their expense. The same rule applies to RA#'s issued for factory-sealed
items. RA# will only be issued for items that are unopened and still in their
original packaging and seal.  If Technology Galaxy receives such an item
and finds that it was previously opened,
the item will be returned to the customer at their expense. Item(s) will not be returned to the customer
if the customer refuses to provide payment for the shipping fees to have the item(s) shipped back to their address.
If the customer
refuses to provide payment for shipping fees to have the item(s) shipped back to their address,then the customer agrees to surrender all right and title
to and give up all claims against Technology Galaxy for credit related to the unauthorized return item(s).
20. Customer Shipping Account Numbers.
Technology may use customer/end-user shipper account numbers at the request of the customer.
Such shipper account
usage will be at the sole discretion of Technology Galaxy.
Technology Galaxy cannot be held liable for any shipping costs associated with shipments shipped via a
customer's shipper account number.
Type of packaging and amounts of goods packaged in a box are at the sole discretion of our third party distributors and
thus, Technology Galaxy cannot be held liable for such shipping costs incurred as a result of our third party distributor's packing methods.
All shipping fees that are unbillable to the account provided by the
Customer, will be billed to the Customer separately, by Technology Galaxy.
Any unpaid shipping balance is due immediately upon receipt of invoice from
Technology Galaxy.
21. Carrier Non-Shipment/Return, Lost or Damaged Items. Orders returned or unshippable by the carrier shall be rerouted
(to address provided by customer) or returned to Technology Galaxy.
All shipping charges incurred for reroute or returned packages
shall be charged to the customer.
Losses or damages resultant from third party carriers will be replaced or refunded pending a claim
settlement by Technology Galaxy with the third party carrier, for the lost or damaged item(s). Should the claim be rejected by the third
party carrier, no replacement or refund would be issued by Technology Galaxy.
22. Prior Authorization. Technology Galaxy will not accept any return items without prior authorization.
YOU MUST FIRST OBTAIN AN RA# TO
RETURN AN ITEM.
If Technology Galaxy receives an unauthorized return, the item will be returned to
the customer at the customer's expense and the customer will be charged a $55 processing fee per shipment returned.
If the customer refuses the package with the unauthorized return items or if the customer returns the item(s)
to Technology Galaxy the second time without prior authorization, then the customer agrees to surrender all right and title
to and give up all claims against Technology Galaxy for credit related to the unauthorized return item(s).
Top Sellers
$2091.74$2499.00
Raritan KVM Switchbox - 8 serial port
16%
new
$1410.05$1805.00
Watchguard WatchGuard Firebox T35-W - Security appliance
22%
new
$2428.07$4052.00
Eaton 9PX Online UPS - 3000 Watt - 3000 VA
40%
new
$545.99$779.00
CyberPower UPS Replacement Battery Cartridge
30%
new
$1036.50$1825.20
Tripp Lite 5/5.8kW Single-Phase Switched PDU, 208/240V
43%
new
$532.27$977.00
Tripp Lite 1.9kW Single-Phase ATS / Switched PDU
46%
new
$544.77$750.00
Eaton Power distribution unit - 3.84 kW
27%
new
$2667.49$3599.00
HP 16 Ports Digital KVM Switch
26%
new
$4656.40$7672.00
Eaton 9PX UPS - 5.4 kW - 6000 VA
39%
new
$812.34$1055.00
Watchguard Firebox T35-W - with 3 years Standard
23%
new
Sign up for Newsletter
...and receive great deals in your inbox.
Subscribe
unsubscribe
Shipping to the Milky Way Planets
As long as that planet has life as we know it, we will find a way to get it there. It obviously won't qualify for free shipping as jet fuel is pretty expensive. Also, we cannot gaurantee 3-day delivery as we are still working on breaking light speed here at TechnologyGalaxy.com
Find it Fast
Accessories
Cables
Cameras
Desktops
Monitors
Network
Notebooks
Phones
Printer Supplies
Printers
Projectors
Scanners
Servers
Services
Software
Storage
Tablets
Televisions
Copyright 2020 Technology Galaxy. All rights reserved