http://www.arcontech.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Who we are
This is the privacy notice of “Arcontech”. Arcontech is Arcontech Group PLC, Arcontech Limited, Arcontech Solutions Limited and Cognita Technologies Limited (“the Group”).
Purpose of this notice
This privacy notice explains how we collect and use personal data about you, in accordance with the General Data protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act 2018 and any other national laws and regulations in the UK (“Data Protection Legislation”).
For the purpose of the Data Protection Legislation and this notice, Arcontech is the “data controller”. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you. We are required under the Data Protection Legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
Who does Arcontech collect personal data from
We collect personal data from shareholders, customers, suppliers, professional advisers, and their employees, with whom Arcontech has an existing or prospective business relationship in order to manage that relationship.
What personal data does Arcontech collect
Our policy is to collect only the personal data necessary for the fulfilment of our legal and contractual obligations. The data we hold about you may include the following:
* your personal details (e.g. name, address, email, telephone number);
* details of contact we have had with you in relation to the provision, or the proposed provision, of our products and services;
* details of any products and services you received from us;
* our correspondence and communications with you.
In addition, for shareholders we collect:
* communication method preferences.
Where does Arcontech collect personal data from
The data is collected largely from, but not limited to, information provided by yourself and any other relevant third parties with whom we are required to correspond in respect of our dealings with you, and/or publicly available resources.
How does Arcontech use your personal data
We may process your personal data in connection with the performance of our relationship with you and to comply with our legal obligations.
Who does Arcontech share your personal data with
In order to deliver our products and services to you effectively we may share your personal data with other entities in the Group, as well as other third parties. We will not share your data with other companies for marketing purposes. In addition, for shareholders, we also share your personal data with Link Asset Services Limited, Arcontech’s share registrar.
Does Arcontech transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
We do not transfer the personal data we collect about you outside of the EEA.
How long does Arcontech retain your personal data for
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it is collected (including as required by applicable law or regulation). When assessing what retention period is appropriate for your personal data, we take into consideration:
* the requirements of our business and the products and services provided;
* any statutory or legal obligations;
* the purposes for which we originally collected the data;
* the lawful grounds on which we based our processing;
* the types of personal data we have collected;
* whether the purpose of the processing could reasonably be fulfilled by other means.
In general, personal data is retained for the duration of our business relationship and, thereafter, the statutory retention period when our relationship with you has ended. In addition, for shareholders, personal data is retained for up to 13 years from the date that the shareholding ceases, unless the shareholder has a dividend outstanding in which case personal data is retained indefinitely or until the dividend is cashed.
Your rights
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data. You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Correcting your personal data. We want to make sure that your personal data is accurate, complete and up to date and you may ask us to correct any personal data about you that you believe does not meet these standards.
Erasure of your personal data (“right to be forgotten”). You have the right to ask us to delete personal data about you where:
* You consider that we no longer require the data for the purposes for which it was obtained;
* We are using that data with your consent and you have withdrawn your consent;
* You have validly objected to our use of your personal data;
* Our use of your personal data is contrary to law or our other legal obligations.
Objecting to how we may use your personal data. You have the right at any time to require us to stop using your personal data. Where we use your personal information to perform tasks carried out in the public interest then, if you ask us to, we will stop using that personal information unless there are overriding legitimate grounds to continue.
Restricting how we may use your personal data. In some cases, you may ask us to restrict how we use your personal data. This right might apply, for example, where we are checking the accuracy of personal data about you that we hold or assessing the validity of any objection you have made to our use of your personal data. The right might also apply where this is no longer a basis for using your personal data, but you don’t want us to delete the data. Where this right is validly exercised, we may only use the relevant personal data with your consent, for legal claims or where there are other public interest grounds to do so.
Automated processing. We do not use your personal data for automated decision taking.
Withdrawing consent using your personal data. Where we use your personal data with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using your personal data for the purposes for which consent was given.
Cookies
We use cookies to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information go to the: Arcontech Cookie Policy
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep this privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 4th September 2020.
Contact information and further advice
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email: theresa.westley@arcontech.com
By telephone: 020 7256 2300
By post: 1st Floor, 11-21 Paul Street, London EC2A 4JU
Complaints
We seek to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle personal information, but you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, whose contact details are as follows:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Telephone – 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745
Website – https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Diversity & Accessibility |Modern Slavery|Terms of use | Privacy Notice |Cookie Policy
© Copyright Arcontech PLC 1999-2020. Company Number:4062416. VAT No:778 5805 71.
+44 (0)20 7256 2300
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site or by choosing to accept this message, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details please read our Cookie Policy. Accept