http://www.helloandroid.com/category/story-tags/privacy
Jump to Navigation
Android OS news, tutorials, downloads
Search this site:
Log in using OpenID:
What is OpenID?
Username: *
Passw: *
Log in using OpenID
Cancel OpenID login
Request new password
Create new account
Home ›
privacy
10 Ways to Preserve Your Privacy on Android Devices
Tue, 08/06/2019 - 06:04 | by morta
The Android operating system has made possible an incredible range of options for mobile devices. It’s an open-source project that’s bundled with proprietary changes when you get it on your mobile device.
Some of these changes add to tracking, logging, and advertising.
These extras can impact your ability to be private and protect your personal data.
There’s no need to worry, though, we’ve got a few tips for you that can help you easily keep your private data private.
Tags: android
privacy
Read more
Online privacy trends and measures in 2017
Tue, 05/02/2017 - 07:24 | by morta
We just received a great infographic about online privacy trends in 2017.
Did you know for instance, that your browsing history is also saved in Incognito mode? Pretty enlightening.
Tags: online
privacy
Read more
Mobile Operating System Wars – Android vs. iOS
Tue, 07/09/2013 - 01:56 | by Guest
When we introduced Clueful for Android, we thought mobile users should know what the applications on their devices were doing. One year and a couple hundred thousand analyzed applications later, Clueful intelligence has picked up an interesting trend: applications are equally invasive and curious on iOS as on Android, even though one may argue that one of the operating systems is safer.
Tags: analysis
android
ios
privacy
Read more
PSA: California's New App Privacy Policy Requirement Just Made Life Harder For Developers Everywhere, Here's What You Need To Know
Thu, 02/23/2012 - 03:43 | by morta
Privacy is a good thing in the digital world - you'll get no argument from me. I don't like my data floating around in cyberspace without my consent, but I also realize that much of what makes the internet (and computing generally) so great is that I can use my own judgment to decide who I will and will not trust with my information.
Things like app permissions, which have been a part of the Android package installation process for quite some time, are nice, but let's face it: 95% of us don't read them. And if we do, we may not even be sure what those permissions really entail, or how the app will use those permissions to gather information, or even what kind of information will actually be collected.
California's Attorney General decided he didn't like this, particularly after the whole Path debacle on iOS. So, he got Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, and other mobile app providers together for a round-table discussion on the privacy of personal information gathered by apps. The end result of that meeting-of-the-minds was this agreement. The parts of importance to pull out are the following:
Tags: agreement
amazon
apple
google
microsoft
privacy
private data
Read more
Privacy Star - top of the line in phone privacy
Mon, 01/23/2012 - 03:01 | by morta
PrivacyStar, maker of the smartphone application that enables users to take control of their mobile phone, announced 2011 user trends showing significant growth in complaint filing to the Federal Trade Commission. PrivacyStar has nearly one million users who use the feature packed application to ensure privacy on their smartphones blocking over 125 million numbers and filing over 200,000 complaints to date. In 2011, users filed 137,000 complaints to the Federal Trade Commission with substantial increase in Fair Debt Collection Practices Act complaints filed.
Tags: apps
block
privacy
Read more
Main menuHome
Tutorials
Stories
Applications
Devices
Contact
© 2010-2015 Atrecto Innovations Corp.
All rights reserved.
HelloAndroid - Android news & tutorial portal