https://www.pointinspace.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Services
Web Hosting
E-mail Hosting
FileMaker Hosting
MySQL Hosting
MacOS Dedicated Servers
Facility Overview
Hardware & Software
Hosting Plans
Web Hosting Accounts
FileMaker Hosting Accounts
Dedicated Server Accounts
Account Add-Ons
Discount Programs
About Us
Sign Up
Client Access
Contact Us
Point In Space
Privacy Policy
(last revised 5/12/2018)
Point In Space understands how important it is to keep your personal information confidential, especially online. Our commitment to protecting your privacy is outlined in the policies below.
Information Collected and How It’s Used
Your Account
When establishing an account with Point In Space you will be asked for various pieces of personal information. We use your customer contact information to respond to your email requests and to reach you if we need additional information to complete your product request. Any financial information collected is used only for billing products and services you purchase at Point In Space.
You control all your personal account information and you can update it at any time. Simply e-mail us at support@pointinspace.com to update, change or remove your information.
Additional Information Collected
When you make a purchase at Point In Space you will be asked to supply your name, address, and credit card information. This information will be stored and used to fill your order. If necessary, we may use this information to reach you if we need additional information to complete your order.
Any personal correspondence you send to us, including email and letters, as well as correspondence from other customers or third parties about your activities or postings pertaining to Point In Space, and all entries made by you onto our site may be collected and stored. Any notes, ideas, suggestions, or other material submitted by guests become the property of Point In Space.
Expunging Your Information From Our Records
You may email support@pointinspace.com or use one of the alternate contact methods listed below to remove your contact information from our database provided we have cancelled your account more than 1 year ago and have a zero balance on your account. Please note, however, that information is never completely removed from our history and disaster recovery archives.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Personal Information
Point In Space, our suppliers and shippers use your personal information to process and ship your orders. Point In Space does not sell, trade, rent, or release your personal information to third parties.
Transactional Information
Point In Space transactional information such as traffic patterns, sales, aggregate data regarding general surfing patterns, and other site information may be shared with vendors and other reputable third parties. This data will never contain any identifiable personal information of Point In Space members. For example, we might share statistics on how many customers purchased a specific product, but we will not specifically disclose who purchased the product.
Legal Issues
Point In Space discloses personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary for the following:
To conform to the edict of the law or comply with a legal process served on Point In Space.
To protect and defend the property rights of Point In Space or that of Point In Space guests.
Or to act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Point In Space guests, employees, or the general public.
Safety and Security
Credit Card Security
Point In Space protects such personal information as your name, address, and credit card number by transferring it over a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) line. This protocol ensures your information is encrypted and cannot be read by others as it travels over the Internet. The secure mode begins as soon as you initiate your order. You should see a locked padlock icon at the bottom of your browser window to indicate you are on a Secure Socket Layer Line. You can also verify you are in secure mode by looking at the URL window in your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from “http” to “https.”
After we receive the data at Point In Space, it is stored on a secure server and steps are taken to ensure that your information cannot be accessed from outside the company. The Point In Space employees who process your order are the only people with access to your personal information.
Your Consent & Contacting Us
Your Consent
By using the Point In Space service and accessing our web site, you consent to the collection, storage, and dissemination of personal data as described above. We will post any changes to our privacy policy on this page so you can readily review the most current policy. Point In Space reserves the right to email you regarding changes to our privacy policy or any other matters Point In Space considers necessary for the administration of the service.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy please contact support@pointinspace.com. You can also use this email address to:
Opt-out of receiving promotional offers and updates about the site.
Notify us of updates to any of your personal account information.
U.S. Mail:
Point In Space
232 Stable Road
Carrboro, NC 27510
FOLLOW US
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Join us on Linkedin
COMPANY
About Us
Contact Us
EMAIL US
Info Support
LEGAL TERMS
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2018 Point In Space Internet Solutions