https://www.binarytree.com/terms-conditions/
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
www.binarytree.com
Binary Tree, Inc. (Binary Tree) makes this site available in accordance with these web site terms of use (“terms”). These terms govern your access to and use of this site and all content contained therein. By accessing this site, you accept and agree to comply with all of the terms. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use this site and exit immediately.
Information Submitted to Binary Tree
Any information sent to Binary Tree through this site that is not covered in our Privacy Statement, will be treated as non-confidential. You grant to Binary Tree an unrestricted, royalty-free, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute the information you send for any purpose we choose without any obligation of compensation to you or any other person.
You are forbidden from posting on this site or transmitting to or from this site any materials that is false, inaccurate, solicitous, promotional, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, inflammatory, obscene, profane, pornographic, copyrighted or confidential to a third party, invasive of a person’s privacy or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Binary Tree has the right but not the obligation to monitor and review transmissions to this site. Binary Tree assumes no liability for such activities or content of any such transmissions or postings.
Use of Site Content
© Copyright 2018, Binary Tree, Inc.. All rights reserved.
All information, text, software, audio, video, photographs, images, and other data contained on this site (“content”) are the property of Binary Tree or licensed to Binary Tree. Copyright laws protect this content and other proprietary rights laws. You are authorized to access the content of this site solely for informational purposes. Any other use is prohibited.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Binary Tree is not responsible for any errors or omissions contained on this Site. All Binary Tree and third party information is provided "as is". Binary Tree disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of intellectual property, or arising from a course of dealing, usage, or practice. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Binary Tree be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages or any damages for lost profits, lost revenue or loss of use, arising out of or related to the use or inability to use this site, its content or links, including damages caused by or related to interruptions, defects, delay in operation or transmission, or computer virus, even if Binary Tree has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Termination
Binary Tree reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate your access to or use of this site for any reason, including a failure by you to comply with these terms. Binary Tree may choose to take legal action against you for your failure to comply with these terms.
Revisions
Binary Tree may revise or withdraw all or any portion of site content and discontinue any products or services at any time without notice. By accessing this site you agree to be bound by any revisions made by Binary Tree and you agree that you will visit these terms regularly to view the then-current terms.
Applicable Law
You agree that the laws and statutes of the United States and the state of New Jersey, USA, without regard to conflict of law principles, will apply to all matters relating to this site and that all litigation in connection with this site shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in New Jersey, USA.