http://www.eg-software.com/en/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and conditionslast updated:1 may 2018 Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the http://www. EG-Software.com.com website and the Kiosk for CALCMENU App mobile application (the “Service”) operated by EG-Software.com (“us”, “we”, or “our”).Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. Purchases If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your name, company, and email address.By submitting your order details, you indicate that you have read and understood the Important Information about EGS Products and Privacy Policy. CopyrightWe own the copyright to all original materials displayed and produced on our website. An express written consent must be sought from us before anyone can copy or reproduce original materials found on our website. Link To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by EG-Software.com.EG-Software.com has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that EG-Software.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at info@eg-software.com.