http://www.wondertouch.com/company/privacy/
PARTICLE ILLUSION
FREE STANDALONE APPLICATIONDOWNLOAD
Overview
FEATURES
STANDALONE VS PLUGIN COMPARISON
LEARN
HOSTS
TECH/SPECS
SUPPORT
DOWNLOAD
BUY NOW
Quantity
ADD TO CART
Login
Sign Up | Forgot Password
Email
Password
Login
FEATURES
REAL-TIME GPU-BASED PARTICLES GENERATION
High-end production value makes clients happy. Real-time particle generation makes users happy. Particle Illusion features a slick user-friendly interface that makes generating motion graphics like sparkles, smoke, fireworks, and explosions simple. Featuring a
real-time preview window that automatically displays an animated preview of the selected emitter, users can drag their mouse around the fully interactive Preview Window and the emitter animates to follow. See particles how they were meant to be seen. Bonus-benefit: saving your clients time and money.
EMITTER LIBRARY WITH THOUSANDS OF PRESETS
Particle Illusion comes with thousands of factory-installed preset emitters. An integrated search makes it easy to zero in on the effect you’re looking for, and the real-time preview lets you click and drag to see how it will move. Double-click to add it to the project, then use as-is or adjust the position, shape, life, number size, etc. by scrubbing values in the control panel. Create new presets too by saving any adjusted emitter back into a custom emitter library!
EASY-TO-USE PRESET DRIVEN WORKFLOW
No physics degree? No problem! Particle Illusion makes adding stunning particle animations to your scene as easy as 1-2-3. Select an emitter in the library, double-click, and voila, the emitter is added to the scene. Or chose an emitter, click where you want it on your shot, and the emitter is added to that specific position in space and time.
CONTROL PANEL WITH SPEEDY KEYFRAME NAVIGATION
Many library emitters contain keyframe animation. To make it easy to find and modify these keyframes, parameters with animation are highlighted with a red box in the controls view, and navigation buttons make it easy to move through time keyframe by keyframe. Interpolation can be changed, keys easily added and removed, and adjustments are easy.
FORCES
Particles that move like the wind! The Forces feature makes it easy to add force fields that create complex, organic movement or can attract or repel particles. From swirling chaos to a controlled flow of particles, the result is even more interesting, realistic particles.
DEFLECTORS
Need particles to bounce off a logo? Simulate interaction with your footage or graphics using Deflector objects! Easy to add and use, deflector collisions are just one more way to add something extra to your particle-based projects.
INTERACTIVE STAGE WINDOW WITH ON-SCREEN MOTION PATH
A visible motion path will appear over the composite window when an emitter’s position has been animated over time. The motion path displays the changes to the position and velocity of the emitter source over time. The on-screen path is fully interactive. Control velocity by repositioning points on the visible motion path within the composite window. Modify bezier keyframes with directional handles via on-screen controls.
PRE-RENDER FOR SPEED
Both the plugin and standalone version of Particle Illusion feature the ability to “pre-render” a particle animation to a ProRes QuickTime movie. This will allow you to dramatically speed up your final render when using the plug-in version, or render out a movie for use in a compositing or editing application from the standalone version.
MOCHA MOTION TRACKING (PLUGIN ONLY)
The integration of Mocha’s Academy Award-winning planar tracking and masking tools inside Particle Illusion gives users a unique advantage over other particle plug-ins. Both the particle emitter position and the position of the world camera can be driven independently or together using Mocha’s tracking data. The Mocha Essentials UI makes accomplishing advanced VFX even easier whether you’re a Mocha newbie or an experienced Mocha user. PLEASE NOTE: This feature is currently supported only in the plugin version of Particle Illusion and not yet supported in the standalone application.
STANDALONE VS PLUGIN COMPARISON
FeatureStandalonePremium filterPriceFree$295Requires Host Application (AE, Premiere, Vegas, Media Composer, etc.)Unlimited Hardware-Accelerated ParticlesMultiple LayersUnlimited Number of EmittersForces and DeflectorsSupports Projects up to 8K2500+ Presets IncludedProRes Rendering with AlphaIntegrated Motion BlurDirect Compositing on SourceMocha Planar Tracking for “World” (Camera) Mocha Planar Tracking for Emitters PixelChooser/Mocha Masking Particle Color/Alpha from Source Continuum Beat Reactor Audio Driven Particles Integrated Particle Glow Email Technical Support Forum Technical Support
LEARN
Installing Particle Illusion Standalone
Particle Illusion - Quick Start
Particle Illusion - The Basics
Particle Illusion - Understanding The Controls - Emitter Controls
Particle Illusion - Understanding The Controls - Particle Properties
Particle Illusion - Understanding The Controls - Particle Parameters
Particle Illusion - Understanding The Presets
Particle Illusion - Understanding Super Emitters
Particle Illusion - Understanding Super Emitters
Particle Illusion - Understanding Forces and Deflectors
Particle Illusion - Understanding the Render Window
Particle Illusion - Building a Preset From Scratch
Particle Illusion - Putting It Together
Particle Illusion - Customizing a Preset
Particle Illusion - Creating Motion Backgrounds Fast
Particle Illusion - Fun with Forces & Deflectors
Particle Illusion - Fun with Fire
Particle Illusion - Let it Rain
Particle Illusion - Differences between Standalone and Plugin
HOSTS
TECH/SPECS
Product:
Particle Illusion 2020.5
OS Requirements:
Mac OSX: 10.12 or higher
Windows: Windows 7 or higher
Hardware:
Recommended Hardware:Processor: 64-bit Intel or AMD CPU with four or more cores
Memory: 8 GB or moreDisk: High-speed disk array or SSD storage
Graphics Card: Most modern graphics cards from ATI, Nvidia and Intel are supported. click here for a full listing
Licensing options:
Free Standalone application
SUPPORT
The best way for all Particle Illusion users to ask technical questions or find answers to many common problems is to post in the Particle Illusion Forum, or read the Particle Illusion FAQ. Also, there is a large Particle Illusion library of online training
that can help with many common questions.For more dedicated customer support, any customer that has purchased Particle Illusion as part of the full Continuum suite and has a valid Boris FX Upgrade and Support contract is entitled to full phone and email support. All questions, concerns, and issues can be resolved by filling out a support request here or by calling us at 1-888-77-BORIS.Any customer who has purchased Particle Illusion as a Premium Filter or as part of the Continuum Particles Unit is entitled to email support only. All questions, concerns, and issues can be resolved by filling out a support request here.The Particle Illusion standalone application is not eligible for email or phone support, but all technical questions can be posted in the Particle Illusion Forum.