http://www.noemax.com/global/privacy-policy.html
Products
PowerWebSockets
WCF-Xtensions
FastInfoset.NET
DotNetCompression
Noemax360
Free Tools
Support
Contact
Your Account
Subscriptions
Contact Details
Premium Support
Change Username/Password
Close Account
Sign Out
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
PowerWebSockets
WCF-Xtensions
FastInfoset.NET
DotNetCompression
Noemax360
Free Tools
Products
PowerWebSockets
WCF-Xtensions
FastInfoset.NET
DotNetCompression
Noemax360
Free Tools
Support
Toggle navigation
Support
Free Support
Documentation
Changelog
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is simple and clear: we respect and protect your privacy.
Personal Information
The information that we receive when you send us messages, submit online forms, place orders, install our software or subscribe to our services, might include personal information such as your name, email, postal address, telephone number and payment details.
We keep your personal information
in confidence and do not disclose or share it
with third parties unless it is necessary for the purpose of fulfilling an order that you have placed or we are legally required to provide it to tax, judicial or other authorities.
If you want to know whether we have any of your personal information on our records, or want us to correct it or delete it, please
contact us.
Passwords
When you provide a new password for
Your Account
we do not store it, but instead we generate a random salt, combine the salt with the password, calculate
their hash, and store only the salt and the hash in your account.
To validate your password when you sign in, we combine the salt in your account with the password that you provide, calculate their hash, and compare it to the hash in
your account.
This technique enables us to validate your password without storing it. However it also prevents us from being able to remind it to you,
so if you forget your password we can only generate a new password which you
can then change to another one of your choice.
Cookies
A cookie is information sent by a website to
your browser. Your browser is expected to store the cookie and return it to the
website when requested. Most browsers permit you to specify whether to accept
cookies or not.
Some areas of our websites require the use of cookies. If your browser does not accept cookies, you will not be able to
access those areas. See your browser's documentation on how to configure it to accept cookies.
We do not store any of your personal information in
cookies. If
you check the "Remember my email" option when signing in, a unique identifier
will be stored in a cookie that will enable us to automatically retrieve your
email from our Web server and enter it in "Your email" field the next time you sign
in.
Records
For product tracking, license compliance and usage monitoring purposes, we may keep records
of actions you take on our websites and installations you make of our products. These records may include emails, license keys,
subscription keys, installation keys and computer identification data.
Online Store
We have contracted Digital River to resell our products and services through its
element 5
service. Digital River is a leading provider of global e-commerce solutions.
The parts of our online store where orders are placed, customer service is provided, and in general all pages that
originate from any Digital River website, are operated and supported by Digital River and are under its sole, direct and independent control. Any information entered in those pages
is sent directly to Digital River, without any intervention by us.
Read the
Privacy Statement and
Terms and Conditions of Digital River's
element 5 service.
Newsletters
Newsletters containing notifications of new
releases and other announcements from us
are sent to you
if you have subscribed to receive them, created an account or contacted us using an online form. You can unsubscribe at any
time with immediate effect.
Blogs, Forums, Mailing Lists
Messages from our blogs, forums or mailing list
are sent to you if you have subscribed to receive them.
You can unsubscribe at any time with immediate effect.
All messages, materials and information that you send, post, submit, upload or otherwise provide to our blogs, forums or mailing lists by
using an email client, web browser or any other means of communication, are deemed to be, and treated as, free of any personal information.
Usage Statistics
Logs generated by our Web servers are used to generate usage statistics. Usage statistics may be released to third parties only in aggregate form without including,
relating, combining or otherwise associating them with any personal information.
Demographics
When we conduct polls, surveys, contests as well as on other occasions,
we might receive demographic information for statistical purposes. Demographic information may be released to third parties only in aggregate form without including, relating, combining or otherwise associated them with any
personal information.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites contain links to other websites which are owned or controlled
by third parties. We provide such links for your convenience only and we are not
responsible under any circumstances for the privacy policies of the sites which
can be accessed through those links.
The inclusion of
third party content within pages of
our websites is also considered as linking for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion and without notice.
If you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, or want to know if we have any of your personal information on our
records, or want us to correct it or delete it, please
contact us.
Please also read our Terms of Use.