http://www.bookmeetingroom.com/privacy
Home
Tour
Case Studies
FAQ
Charges
New
Privacy statement
1. Introduction
We at BookMeetingRoom.com respect your right to privacy. The purpose of this Web Site Privacy statement is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this web site and while using our service. By using our online service, you are accepting the terms of this Web Site Privacy Statement. Any external links to other web sites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other web sites.
2. Types of Information Collected
We retain two types of information:
Personal Data: This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify, contact you or process requests on your behalf and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number and billing information. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us or have authorised us to obtain it.
Non-Personal Data: Like most web sites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our public web pages. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our web site.
3. Purposes for which we hold your Information
Non-Personal Data. We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our public web pages in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our public web site. Cookies. This web site uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a little piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We may use session cookies to deliver and control services to you –our cookies are not available to other web sites. Cookies are required on our website to allow users to access services. No personal information is recorded, and the cookie is automatically deleted when you log out or close your browser. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this will affect your ease of use of this web service. Third Party cookies: We currently use Google Analytics Service to gather useage statistics on our public pages only. We have configured our use of Google analytics to anonymise IP adress information so that we do not pass any personally identifiable data to Google. Personal Data. We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes: to provide you with the services you have ordered; to contact you if required in connection with your service order or to respond to any communications you might send to us; to send you updates to the BOOKMEETINGROOM service and to communicate with you about service related issues.
4. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We will never disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil service orders (in such circumstances, the third party will be bound by similar data protection requirements). We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
5. Sale of the Bookmeetingroom.com Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your Personal Data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Web Site Privacy Statement and provided that the third party only uses your Personal Data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
6. Security
Your Personal Data is held on secured servers hosted by our Internet Service Provider(s). The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
7. Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You are solely responsible for any personal data data held within the bookmeetingroom.com system. You can at any time (even if your account is suspended) login and verify or ammend your data. You may also Delete your data complely by cancelling your account.
8. Changes to the Web Site Privacy Statement
Any changes to this Web Site Privacy Statement will be posted on this web site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Web Site Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Privacy Statement |
Terms of Service