http://www.clickingmad.com/cookie-policy
HomeServices
Strategic PlanningDigital Planning Success
The Right People
User Journey Planning
Design for ExperienceWebsite Design
Understanding Your Customer
Designing The Solution
Technical ServicesContent Managed Websites
Mobile Experience
Digital Communications
Proving SuccessDeep AnalyticsBehaviour AnalysisGoogle/ SEO benchmarkingPortfolio
PortfolioCase StudiesFoundry ProjectsTension Control BoltsBentley Independent Financial AdvisersBridgnorth EndowedTestimonialsPortfolioTestimonialsAbout
Our StoryOur TeamOur NewsClickingmad StoryOur TeamContact
Website CookiePolicy
Clickingmad Website Cookie Policy
This information has been provided, so that you can understand what cookies are and what they do - then you can decide whether you wish to allow them to be used on your computer or another device or not.
What do cookies do?
Cookies are used to ensure the website works correctly and to help us to change the contents. We use cookies to help with our contact forms and to track visitor usage, using statistics software. By using and browsing our website, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with our policy. If you do not consent, you must disable cookies or refrain from using the website. You can find details on how to disable cookies below.
We want to ensure our website is easy to use, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the Internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you, for example:
Enabling a service to recognise your device, so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task, in a shopping cart for example.
Recognising that you may already have given a username and password, so you don't need to do it for every web page requested. Eg. If you have logged into the website.
Measuring how many people are using our services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast. We use Google Analytics for this task.
YouTube uses cookies to track the usage of its movies etc.
Above are the most common uses for cookies on websites aimed at a UK audience.
Where do cookies come from?
Cookies for the Internet use were originally developed in 1995 by the Netscape Communications Corporation. The word 'cookie' comes from 'magic cookie,' a term in programming languages for a piece of information shared between co-operating pieces of software. The choice of the word cookie appears to come from the American tradition of giving and sharing edible cookies.
What is the purpose of cookies?
Cookies make the interaction between users and websites faster and easier. Without cookies, it would be very difficult for a website to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping cart or to remember the user's preferences or registration details for a future visit.
Websites use cookies mainly because they save time and make the browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable. Websites often use cookies for the purposes of collecting demographic information about their users. This information includes which pages the visitor goes to, how long they stayed there etc. We have installed Google Analytics on our website so that we can gain insights into the visitors we have. Only by us seeing this information can we strive to improve the website for you, our website visitor.
Are there different types of cookies?
Yes there are and these include:
Session or transient cookies
These are cookies that are stored in the computer's memory only during a user's browsing session and are automatically deleted from the user's computer when the browser is closed. These cookies usually store a session ID that is not personally identifiable to users, allowing the user to move from page to page without having to log-in repeatedly. They are widely used by commercial websites (for example, to keep track of items that a buyer has added to a shopping cart). Session cookies are never written on the hard drive and they do not collect any information from the user's computer. Session cookies expire at the end of the user's browser session and can also become no longer accessible after the session has been inactive for a specified length of time, usually between 15 and 20 minutes.
Permanent, persistent or stored cookies
Cookies that are stored on the user's computer and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Permanent cookies can retain user preferences for a particular website, allowing those preferences to be used in future browsing sessions. Permanent cookies can be used to identify individual users, so they may be used by web sites to analyse users' surfing behaviour within the website. These cookies can also be used to provide information about numbers of visitors, the average time spent on a particular page and generally the performance of the web site. They are usually configured to keep track of users for a prolonged period of time, in some cases many years into the future.
How to delete cookies?
As there are so many different browsers available for us to use to visit Internet websites we felt it was important to give you the opportunity to delete and all cookies from your computer. If you visit www.aboutcookies.org you can learn how to delete them from your particular browser. Bear in mind that we do not control the content of this external website.
Are cookies dangerous?
No. Cookies are small pieces of text. They are not computer programs, and they can't be executed as code. Also, they cannot be used to disseminate viruses, and modern versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and other browsers allow users to set their own limitations to the number of cookies saved on their hard drives.
Can cookies threaten users' privacy?
Cookies are stored on the computer's hard drive. They cannot read the hard drive - so a cookie can't read other information saved on the hard drive, or get a user's e-mail address etc. They only contain and transfer to the server as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to a certain website.
A server cannot set a cookie for a domain that it is does not serve. In spite of this, users sometimes find in their computer files cookies from web sites that they have never visited. These cookies are usually set by companies that sell Internet advertising on behalf of other web sites. Therefore it may be possible that users' information is passed to third party web sites without the users' knowledge or consent, such as information on surfing habits. This is the most common reason for people rejecting or fearing cookies.
List of cookies we collect
These are the most common cookies in use across the websites we build.
Specific websites may use some additional cookies not listed here.
Name
Usage
[HASH]
Contains a session identifier.
_ga
A session cookie used by Google Analytics to collect usage statistics. Learn More
Finally
We agree with the legislation that is in force, created to protect user privacy, but also feel that our website should function properly for you and for us. We shall of course keep a close watch on this issue on your behalf.
If you have any questions about this subject, please contact us and state your concerns.
Have a project to discuss?
>
1/3
>
2/3
>
3/3
Submitting...
Thank you, we will be in touch shortly to discuss your project.
>