https://www.megrisoft.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Megri Soft Limited and its subsidiary hereinafter referred to as “Megrisoft”, “we”, “us” or “our” is committed to respect your privacy and choices. The statement highlights our privacy practices regarding Personal Information that we collect and store about you through these websites, (www.megrisoft.com, www.megrisoft.co.uk, www.megrisoft.ca), mobile sites, applications and other properties and services owned or operated by or on behalf of Megri Soft Limited and also for those Personal Information that you provide us while participating in our events and campaigns. When you use Megrisoft services or web properties, you trust us with your information.
Megri Soft Limited a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 as a public limited company having its registered office at SCO 80, First Floor, Sector 47-D, Chandigarh-160047 and its registration number 011996.
Personal Information we collect and process and how we use it
Personal Information: Personal Information is any data which relates to an individual who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is in possession of Megrisoft. We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Information that you provide via our website, mobile sites, applications and other properties including information you provide when you register on our website e.g. name, email address, designation, company, country and telephone number;
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this Site, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographics, your computers’ operating system, and browser type and information collected via cookies
Cookie related details are provided in the Cookie policy
Use of your Personal Information: We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping, better usability, troubleshooting and site maintenance
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information  which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We process your Personal Information when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are the party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. This applies in any case where we provide services to you pursuant to a contract, such as when you use our website or process your registration on the website. If you do not provide the Personal Information that we need in order to provide our services, we will not be able to provide our services to you.  This applies in the following circumstances:
to identify you once you register on our website; and
to contact you and respond to your questions or requests;
to understand which parts of the website are visited and how frequently; and
to provide access to desirable content based on your preferences.
Consequences of not providing Personal Information: If you choose not to provide your Personal Information that is mandatory to process your request, we may not be able to provide the corresponding service.
Data recipients, transfer, and disclosure of Personal Information: The company does not share and sell your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We share your Personal Information within Megri Soft Ltd. or with its subsidiary, Service vendors, Authorized third-party agents or Contractors.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Policies/Practices of those Companies which Megrisoft does not own or control, or to individuals to whom Megrisoft does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which Megrisoft may disclose user information as set forth in this Policy.
Use of cookies: Cookies are small text files that, like most other Web servers, we place in your device that you use to access our website. This is done to recognize your device during a session or in your future visits to our website, primarily in order to provide better user experience. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Do Not Track :Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, Megri Soft Limited and the Site do not recognize DNT.
Data security: Megrisoft adopts reasonable and appropriate security practices and procedures including administrative, physical security, and technical controls in order to safeguard your Personal Information.
Data retention: Personal Information will not be retained for a period more than necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, unless a longer retention period is required by law or for directly related legitimate business purposes.
Linked websites: Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Children’s Privacy: The Site does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If Megri Soft Limited learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose.
How to contact us: If you have any questions regarding our privacy practices or this privacy statement, or to request this privacy statement in another format, please contact us at:
Contact person:
Contact address:
Phone:
Email:
Updates to this Privacy Policy: Megrisoft may change the data privacy practices and update this privacy policy as and when the need arises, and the same will be made available on the website. But our commitment to protect the privacy of website users will continue to remain.
About Megrisoft Megrisoft is a leading global IT professional services company, providing a broad range of outsourcing services and solutions in web design, development, e-commerce, digital Marketing, outsourcing & operations.
Reach Us
Email: sayhello@megrisoft.comLandline:
+91-172-2631550Mobile:
+91-9501168855
Our ServicesWebsite Designing
Web Development
Website Maintenance
Digital Marketing
Social Media Marketing
CompanyAbout Megrisoft
Careers in Megrisoft
Investors
Say Hello Corporate Office
SCO 80, Sector 47-D,Chandigarh (UT),
India (160047)+91-9501168822
Canada Office
106-3687 Rue Clark,
Montreal, Quebec,Canada H2X 2S1,+1 647 686 8620
Visit Our Office UK Office
133 Creek Road,Greenwich, London,
UK (SE8 3BU)+44 7466 440 362
Syracuse Office
4700 Onondaga Blvd,
SyracuseNY 13219+1-315-703-9025
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 Megri Soft Limited Megrisoft™ is a Trademark of Megri Soft Limited
About
Accounts Outsourcing
Advertising
Android Apps Developer
Android Development
Application Development
Apply Now
Blog
Blog Services
Career
CCPA
Conferences and Seminars
Contact
Content
Corporate
Management
Milestones
Mission
philosophy
Data Entry
Digital Marketing
Domain
.XYZ Domain Names For Sale
Domain Name Sales
Indian Domain For Sale
SEO Domain Name Sales
UK Domain Name Sales
Domain Registration
Faqs
freelancers
GDPR
Get Registered
Graphic Designing
Home
Industrial Training It
Information For Shareholders
infrastructure
Investors
Annual Reports
Business & Products Info
Code of Conduct / Policies
Management Team
Reports and Filings
RTA Information
Subsidiary
Iphone app development
Jobs
Chartered Accountant
Company Secretary
Content Writer
Embroidery Digitizer
Graphic Designer
HR-Manager
Iphone Apps Developer
Marketing
Network Engineer
Online Bidder
PHP Developer
SEO Executive
User Interface Designer
Web Designer
Web Developer
Media kit
Megrisoft Team
Megrisoft Timeline
Outsourcing
Portfolio
Press
Privacy
PSD to HTML
Resellers
SEO Services
Services
Social Media Marketing
Support
Terms Conditions
Testimonials
Training
Web Development
Web Hosting
Web Properties
Webmaster Tools
Website Designing
Website Maintenance
WordPress Development