http://www.neubreed.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
Neubreed Design Pty Ltd is strongly committed to protecting your privacy while interacting with our content, products and services.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to tell you what kind of information we may gather about you when you visit our site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct this information. Our policy allows you to choose what kind and how much information you provide to us and to control how we use whatever information you give us. Our goal is to provide you with a satisfying experience while allowing you to control your privacy and to give you a means to voice any questions or concerns you may have.
This policy applies only to neubreed.com.au and not to other companies' or organisations' websites to which neubreed.com.au is linked.
Collection of information
Information is collected from you primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our services. Depending on the service you are accessing, you could be asked to provide information such as your name, email address or information about what you like and do not like. It is entirely your choice whether to respond to these questions or not.
neubreed.com.au collects two types of information. The first type is anonymous information. For instance, we may collect information to tell us that five thousand people visit this Privacy Policy today, but we do not know their names, where they live or their date of birth - they are 'anonymous' to us. Many of the individuals who access our services are anonymous to us.
The second type of information that neubreed.com.au collects is personal information. neubreed.com.au will collect personal information that lets us know the specifics of who you are such as your name, email address, or postal address, when you provide it to us. With this information, neubreed.com.au can provide a variety of personalised and enhanced services that are not available to anonymous users. We hope that you will find it beneficial to provide individually identifiable information about yourself to us because it will make our services more valuable to you.
Sometimes, we may specifically ask for personal information about you when you sign up to use a service or submit a request. Certain information may be required, such as your name, company, internet address or screen name, billing address, type of computer or credit card number in order to provide that service or product to you. This information may also be used to inform you of additional products and services which may interest you. You can choose not to receive such information when you are undertaking product or service registration on our website. We may also ask about your interests, but it is your choice whether to respond. How much of your personal information that you choose to disclose to neubreed.com.au is completely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you provide it to us, for example when you leave feedback on our website.
Use of anonymous information
neubreed.com.au automatically gathers anonymous information to monitor the use of neubreed.com.au like the numbers and frequency of visitors to neubreed.com.au and its areas, very much like television ratings that tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine how much our audiences use parts of the site, so we can improveneubreed.com.au to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many users as possible. neubreed.com.au may publish or provide this aggregate data to other people.
Use of personal information
neubreed.com.au will only use the personal information you have chosen to provide us for the purpose for which you provided it. neubreed.com.au will not use it for any other purpose without your consent.
Cookies
The neubreed.com.au site currently does not store personal information in cookies or leave cookies on your system.
Disclosure
There will be occasions where it will be necessary for Neubreed Design Pty Ltd to disclose your personal information to third parties. Neubreed Design Pty Ltd may be required by law to disclose the information, or Neubreed Design Pty Ltd may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties to provide the service you have requested, for example, if you purchase products or services from Neubreed Design Pty Ltd, Neubreed Design Pty Ltd will need to disclose your personal information to third parties in order to bill and deliver your products or services. However, the disclosure will only be made where it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which you disclosed your personal information. Otherwise than stated above, we do not disclose personal information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any organisation or person outside Neubreed Design Pty Ltd unless you have authorised us to do so. For example, when you contribute to an online forum you may want to publish your name and email address.
No sale of personal information
Under no circumstances will neubreed.com.au sell or receive payment for licensing or disclosing your personal information.
Interacting with neubreed.com.au
There are many interactive features on neubreed.com.au that you can contribute to. These include: Feedback forms, Project requests, Online Voting, Project management and Email.
When interacting with neubreed.com.au, we suggest that you use your discretion and exercise caution when providing your personal information.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any personal information. Be responsible whenever you are online.
Access and correction: personal data
If neubreed.com.au holds your personal information Neubreed Design Pty Ltd will where possible provide you with access to the information. Neubreed Design Pty Ltd will take reasonable steps to correct the information so that it is accurate, complete and up to date.
Security
Neubreed Design Pty Ltd operates secure data networks that are designed to protect your privacy and security.
Complaints about privacy
If you have any complaints relating to online privacy issues on our websites, please notify Neubreed Design Pty Ltd via our contact form. While Neubreed Design Pty Ltd accepts no liability for any material or links posted to the service, we will investigate all complaints.
Changes to neubreed.com.au privacy policy
If we decide to change the neubreed.com.au Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here.
Related pages
Terms and Conditions