http://www.productcart.com/policies.asp
ProductCart Policies
EULA, customer service, security, privacy, and return policies
Order Security
This site uses the latest encryption technology to ensure that every transaction is a safe one. All transactions are processed over the Secure Socket Layer (SSL). The SSL certificate is provided by Digicert.
Credit card transactions are handled by NMI (Network Merchants, Inc.), one of the leading and more respectable payment gateways, or PayPal, a leader in online payments.
Your Privacy
We will not share, rent or sell your name, address, email address, or any other personal information with/to any third party. If you have purchased from us or have created an account with us, we may occasionally update you via email to announce special discounts or new features. If you do not wish to receive email from us, simply follow the instructions to unsubscribe.
Shipping
Software products will not be shipped to you. They will be available only via download.
Returns
ProductCart offers a "no hassle" 60-day return policy. We
require that you sign and fax a written "Proof of Destruction" agreement stating that you have ceased using the software and all software has been removed from any storage device. Click here to download this document. For other purchases: shipping charges are non-refundable. All refunds will be for a total of the purchase amount less a 10% restocking fee which covers merchant fees and technical support. If you have any further questions about our return policies, please contact us.
Anti-fraud policy
ProductCart takes a strong stance against fraud
in order to protect its software and help reduce identity theft.
In order to implement this policy, we now require a customer signature for all orders placed on our store by a new customer.
In addition, someone from ProductCart may call the customer at the phone number listed on the order. After an order has been approved, a confirmation email with a link to download the software is sent to the customer.
We apologize for any inconvenience that this may create, and we thank you in advance for your understanding.
If an order is deemed fraudulent, the order will be cancelled, the credit card transaction will be voided, and ProductCart will try to contact the credit card holder to let them know that their credit card is being fraudulently used.