http://www.mi2g.com/cgi/mi2g/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Information
Collection and Use
When you subscribe or become a member of the "inner sanctum"
on the mi2g web site, or for mi2g events, or order
mi2g products, we ask you for personal information. We use
this information to provide you with the highest-quality service.
We may also contact you regarding a web site problem or other customer
service-related issues.
Information
Sharing and Disclosure
mi2g does not sell, share or rent personal information about
you collected on web sites outside mi2g.
Alerts
When you sign up for mi2g products via our web sites, you
are asked to provide your eMail address. Other information may also
be necessary depending on the type of Alert requested.
If you want to stop receiving Alerts from mi2g, please send
an eMail to intelligence.unit@mi2g.com with the request to
unsubscribe.
Orders
and Subscriptions
When you place an order or register for an mi2g event, we
may request additional information such as that used to create an
account with mi2g. The contact information you provide is
used to service the order. Also, when you register for an event,
we may request additional information about your hotel, meal and
other travel preferences. This information is used only for the
specific event.
mi2g uses third-party service providers such as retail banks
and event coordinators together with other service providers as
required to satisfy client requests.
Usage
Tracking
We monitor how visitors use our web site including search terms
that are entered, pages visited and documents viewed. Even if you
are a member of the "inner sanctum", this information
is not personalised and neither is it stored with your personal
information. Aggregated (not personally identifiable) forms of this
data may also be used in order to help us understand areas for future
research and to identify future features and functions to develop
for the mi2g web site.
This data may also be used by mi2g, in the aggregate, to
identify appropriate offerings and subscription plans.
This same data is not used or is accessible by mi2g clients
in any way.
Links
to Other Sites
The mi2g web site contains links to other web sites. Please
be aware that mi2g is not responsible for the privacy practices
of such other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy
statements of the mi2g web site. This privacy statement applies
solely to information collected by the mi2g web site.
Security
mi2g provides its users with a secure online experience.
To do this, we use a variety of security measures to maintain the
safety and confidentiality of personal information about you. All
user registration information is stored behind a firewall and only
accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access
rights to our systems. If you have any questions about the security
at our web sites, please click here.
Updating
Personal Information
If your personal information changes, please notify us immediately
and we will make the appropriate modifications in the personal information
in our database.
Notification
of Policy Changes
We will notify you about significant changes to our Privacy Policy
by placing a notice on our web site and in some instances, we may
send a notice to the primary eMail address specified by you.
Terms
and conditions & License Agreement
Renowned worldwide for
the ATCA Briefings. Subscribe
now.
Home
- Profile - Values
- People - Careers
- Partners -
Contact Us
D2 Banking - Bespoke Security Architecture
- Digital Risk Management
- Tools
Intelligence Briefings
- Brochures
- Case Studies
- SIPS
Methodology FAQ (pdf)
Keynote Speeches
- Articles
- News Feeds
- Glossary
(pdf)
Terms
and Conditions - Privacy
Policy