http://www.aoaforums.com/frontpage/privacy-policy.html
HomeHardwareMobile DevicesNotebooks & NetbooksGraphics CardsProcessors & MemoryMotherboardsCases, Cooling & PowerSoftwareLinuxWindowsSecurityGamingTech BusinessEditorialsGeneralFile News
Privacy Policy
Written by Aidan
Thursday, 23 September 2004 10:36
AOA's Online Privacy Policy
What this privacy policy covers
This policy covers how AOA treats personal information that AOA collects and receives.
Information Collection and use
You may choose whether or not to provide personal information to AOA.
If you choose not to provide the personal information, you can still
visit most of AOA's web sites, but you wil be unable to access certain
functionality. Should you choose to register, we do require some
personal information, such as username, email address and date of birth.
AOA provides the option for you to enter futher information about
yourself should you wish to do so. This information is publically
viewable and a warning is supplied to notify you that any optional
information entered will be public. This information includes details
such as: Home Page URL, ICQ Number, AIM Screen Name, MSN Messenger
Handle, Yahoo! Messenger Handle, Biography, Location, Interests and
Occupation.
AOA automatically receives and records information in our server logs.
This information is supplied by your browser, and includes your IP
address, the URL your brower requests, browser software and operating
system.
AOA uses the information gathered for several purposes: to customise
the content you see; to improve our services; to contact you; and to
provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Children's privacy
AOA is not structured to attract children. As such, we will decline
attempts at registration for those who indicate they are under 13.
Information sharing and disclosure
AOA does not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or companies, with the following exceptions:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or to establish or
exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to
investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activies,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
safety of any person, violations of AOA's terms of use, or as otherwise
required by law.
We transfer information about you if AOA is acquired by or merged with
another company. In this event, AOA will notify you before the
information is transferred, as long as the email address you have
supplied is valid. In this instance, it is possible that your
information will be subject to a different privacy policy.
AOA displays targetted advertisements, based on personal information.
Advertisers may asume that people who interact with, view or click on
targetted ads meet the targetting criteria. AOA does not provide any
personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a
targeted advert. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are
consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the
assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the
advert.
Cookies
AOA will attempt to set and access AOA cookies on your computer. AOA
allows advertisers to set and access their own cookies on your
computer. Advertisers use of cookies is subject to their own privacy
policies, not this privacy policy. Advertisers do not have access to
the cookies that AOA uses. Please note that if you choose to erase or
block the cookies that AOA uses, you will need to re-enter your User ID
and password to gain access to certain parts and functions of AOA's web
sites. Certain aspects of AOA's web sites may fail to provide the
expected functionality if cookies are blocked.
Account Information
Should you choose to provide AOA with personal information, AOA would
like to maintain the accuracy of that information. Our goal is to
provide a means to contact AOA should you need to correct or update any
personal information you have submitted. In almost all cases, this
information can be changed directly by yourself. However, some items of
information can only be changed by contacting AOA directly. Should you
need to contact AOA, you can do so from this link.
Due to the public nature of posts, their threading and quotes on the
forum, we do not delete user accounts except under exceptional
curcircumstances. We can disable user accounts on AOA, should we be
informed that they are no longe required. Note that we will not
normally re-enable an account that has been disabled.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the
AOA server, such as service announcements, and administrative messages
without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Security
AOA limits access to personal information about you to AOA staff who we
believe reasonably need to come in contact with that information in
order to do their jobs. Note that no data transmission over the
Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure. In this respect, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate
steps to protect the personal information that you share with us from
unauthorised access or disclosure.
Your consent
By using any of AOA's web sites, you consent to the terms of our online
privacy policy, and to AOA's processing of your personal information.
Hardware | Windows | Linux | Security | Mobile Devices | Gaming Tech Business | Editorial | General News | folding@homeForum | Download Files
Copyright ©2001 - 2012, AOA Forums.  All rights reserved.
Alliance of Overclocking Arts
Links monetized by
VigLink
Don't Click Here
Don't Click Here Either