http://www.walshaw.com/privacy.php
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Advertising
Submit Site
Link to Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
NAVIGATION
Articles
Book Store
Coupons & Discounts
Online Tools
Resources Directory
Web Development News
DIRECTORY
Add On Site Features
Content
Databases
Domain Names
E-Commerce
Email & Newsletters
Finance / Loans
Graphic Design
Links to other Sites
Miscellaneous Resources
Money Making
Multimedia
Promotion & SEO
RSS Feeds
Scripts
Site Maintenance
Software
Templates
Tutorials & References
Web Hosting
Privacy Policy
Walshaw.com is firmly committed to the privacy of its members and website report visitors. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Use.
How does Walshaw.com use the user account information that I provide?
Walshaw.com uses the information you supply in your forum and newsletter account settings to personalize the emails and other communication we send to you.
Walshaw.com will not sell or give away your personal information to any other person, company or organization, unless:
-	It is required by law, or;
-	You expressly agree to us giving out your information
What are cookies and does Walshaw.com use them?
A cookie is a small piece of data stored on a visitor's local computer drive, and is used by the website to identify that user.
Cookies can only be accessed by the website that created it.
Walshaw.com uses cookies to keep track of forum login sessions and visitor poll submissions. Once you log off from the forums the session cookie is deleted from your computer. Poll submission
cookies last 24 hours after which time they are deleted from your computer.
How about other web sites?
Walshaw.com contains links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policy of these websites. This Privacy Policy applies to the Walshaw.com website only.
What is Walshaw.com's policy on 'spam'?
Walshaw.com has a zero tolerance policy towards affiliates soliciting spam to promote our website.
If you have received what you believe to be an unsolicited email from a Walshaw.com affiliate, please contact us so we can take appropriate action.
Any questions?
If you have any questions regarding our Terms of Use or our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Advertising
Submit Site
Link to Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 1998-2020 Walshaw.com. All Rights Reserved.
Walshaw.com is owned and operated by Walshaw Internet ServicesABN: 43 549 443 349