https://www.jacquielawson.com/policy-overview
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Jacquie Lawson animated ecards
Join Us!
Log on
Prices & Membership
Join Us!
Renewals
About Us
Behind the Scenes
Pick Up Card
Help
Gift Basket
0 items total in your Gift Basket
BASKET TOTAL:$0.00
There's nothing in your basket!
Click "Add Gifts" to go to our Gift Shop and choose an exciting present for that lucky someone!
Add Gifts
View Basket
OUR CARDS
Birthday Cards
Gift Shop
Advent Calendar
English Garden
Curio Collection
Policy Overview
Privacy Policy -- We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it.
Our privacy policy describes how we collect and process your personal data.
In general your data is used for purposes such fulfilling your order and administering your account in order to provide the services you requested. View our privacy policy.
Terms of Service -- This agreement describes the rules of using our website. By using our site, you attest that you agree to our Terms & Conditions.
If you do not agree, please discontinue use of the website.
View our Terms & Conditions.
Cookies -- Cookies are small pieces of information that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to detect that you have logged on and are authorised to send cards, to collect anonymous analytic data which helps us improve our services and to track the effectiveness of our marketing activities.
Learn more about the cookies we use.
Data Retention -- We retain information collected from you on our platforms only for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the information was received (such as billing information and usage information), or for as long as the data holds a value to our business (such as to enable us to analyse types of ecards sent).
Our guidelines describe which data is held, and how long that data will be stored prior to deletion or obfuscation. Personally identifiable information (PII) is not retained by us when a user has been inactive for twenty-five months.
Data Security -- We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorised access, to maintain data security and to use the information we collect online correctly and securely. However, please note that transmission over the Internet or wireless networks and the electronic storage of information cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure by any website.
UK Tax Strategy -- This document, provides an overview of the tax strategy, tax policy and risk management of Microcourt. Read our full UK Tax Strategy.
Accessibility -- Electronic greeting cards can be a great help and source of entertainment to disabled and elderly users, both as senders and as recipients, and we are committed to ensuring that in designing and programming our website, we take into account the accessibility needs of the elderly and disabled and the Website Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). Please contact us if you have a question or comment regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance using our website.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Prices
Terms and Conditions
Policies
Newsletter sign-up
© 2001-2020 jacquielawson.com.
All rights reserved.
jacquielawson is a trademark or registered trademark in the US, EU and other countries.