http://www.azamit.com/legal.htm#privacy
Home
FAQ
Downloads
Corporate
ADI
Press Room
Contact
FAQ
Helpdesk
Downloads
Corporate
ADI
Press Room
Contact
Screenshots
Features
Training Clips
Why Azam?
Testimonials
Try It!
Buy It!
My Azam
This section contains important information about the Terms of Use of the azamit.com website and about collection and use of your personal information.
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Use of the azamit.com website is subject to the following Terms of Use.
By continuing to access the information and services provided here you implicitly accept these Terms of Use.
Copyright
Unless explicitly indicated the content of this site is copyright to Azam International Technologies Limited (Azam IT).
You may not copy, distribute or sell any information, software or products from this website without prior written authorization from Azam IT.
Use of Services
This website may contain email, newsgroup or forum services.
Azam IT has no obligation to monitor the content of these services but reserves the right to remove any content which it believes may be illegal, indecent or otherwise inappropriate.
You must not use these services for any purpose which may restrict or inhibit any other user's access to these services.
Azam IT does not claim ownership of any material posted using these services.
However by posting material through these services into the public domain you agree to the materials being freely used without any liability to you.
Links to Third Party Sites
Some links within this website may lead you to Third Party sites.
Azam IT is not responsible for the content of any linked site and the inclusion of the link does imply an endorsement of the Third Party site or products.
Privacy
Azam IT is committed to protecting your privacy.
You can visit most pages on this site without giving us any information about yourself.
But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you.
Generally, this information is requested when you are registering an Azam IT product or updating the personal information you have already provided to us.
Personal information collected by Azam IT is limited to your name, your company name (if this is a corporate usage) and your email address.
We may also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software:
your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring web site addresses.
This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of azamit.com.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Azam IT.
Azam IT may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law.
Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which Azam IT or its subsidiaries maintain offices, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Azam IT will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed.
It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Use of Cookies
A permanent cookie may be recorded on your machine to store your login information.
If you wish you can remove this cookie by using the Logout option of the My Azam page.
Copyright © 2003-2017 Azam International Technologies Limited. All rights reserved.
Terms of use
|
Privacy