http://www.redhillnetworks.com/legal/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Home
Company
Solutions
Products
Sales
Services
Support
Privacy Policy
This is our Privicy Policy as of November 30, 2004 between us (CAI Networks, Inc.) and you (the user of this, our Web site).
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Please read the following to fully understand our practices regarding the use of your personal Information.
In general, we will never intentionally disclose individually identifiable information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission. This policy applies specifically to your name, email address, phone number, and any other individually identifiable information.
What we collect
Our general policy is to only collect that individually identifiable information that is absolutely necessary for the transaction or useful for our own internal operations. We collect the domain name and email address (where possible) of visitors to our Web site, the email addresses of those who submit information; support; demo; purchase and registration requests, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what Web pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by consumers and merchants, such as survey information and/or site registration data.
What we do with it
For accountability purposes email addresses are required to submit information; support; registration; demo, and purchase requests.
You are required to let use your email addresses to track and verify customer status, improve the content of our Web site, provide accountability, and to follow up on complaints.
We do not sell, lease or share our email lists, or list of any other individually identifiable information to other parties.
If you supply us with your telephone numbers online, you may receive telephone contact from us regarding your requests.
Your individual information such as credit card numbers, email addresses, name, phone number and the like is never sold or shared with other organizations.
We do collect and disclose aggregate user statistics (for example, number of user access in a given period); these are summary, not individual, reports which contain no individually identifiable information.
Contacts
Jobs
Press
Privacy
Terms of use
Copyright © 1987-2010 CAI Networks, Inc. Copyright © 1998-2000 Red Hill Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.