http://www.fingerprints.com/privacy-policy/
Start
Solutions
From smartphones to everything
Mobile devices
Payments
Access
Resources
Technology
Add the human touch
Features
Software
Hardware
Patents
Leadership
Investors
Investors
Reports & Presentations
Reports & Presentations
Interim reports
Annual reports
Presentations
Financial data
The Share
The Share
Share capital
Owner structure
Dividend
Analyst coverage
Inside trading
Acquisition of own shares
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance
Articles of association
Annual general meeting
Board of Directors
Remuneration guidelines
Committees
Executive management
Nomination committee
Auditors
Incentive programs
Corporate governance report
The Company
Message from the CEO
Concept, objective & strategy
Business model
Sustainability
Product portfolio
Development
Purchasing & production
Organization & employees
More
IR Contact
Financial Calendar
Newsroom
Newsroom
Press Releases
News
Events
Blog
You Are The Key to Everything
Showcase
Career
Career
Open Positions
About
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Fingerprint Card AB's notice for the use of personal informationThe Fingerprints vision is a secure and seamless universe, where you are the key to everything. That’s a big responsibility, and one we at Fingerprint Cards AB (Fingerprints) take seriously.1. How we respect your privacyOur approach at Fingerprint Cards AB is to be as open and transparent as possible about how we collect and use your information.First, we let you know exactly what information we collect and why. You can read all about that in the next section.Second, we let you know what we do with your information. Who do we share it with? What do they do with it? You can read about that in section 3.Third, we protect your information and let you know how long we keep it. Read about that in sections 4 and 5.Finally, we let you know your choices when it comes to your personal information, including who to contact if you have questions or requests. Read about that in sections 6 and 7.2. What information we collect and whyWe want to make your Fingerprints experience great! To do that we collect several types of information about you. That can be anything from your name and address to your fingerprint.Types of informationSource, purpose and legal basisFingerprintYou provide us with the information.We need it in order to perform research and development or in order to market our product. We process the information on the basis of consent.Your name and contact detailsWe collect this information from you. We use it in order to contact you for statistical purposes, marketing purposes or facilitating the recruitment process. This is done on the basis of Fingerprints’ legitimate interest.3. Who we share your information withWe do not sell or trade your information to third parties, but we share with others who can help us achieve the Fingerprints vision. That can be other Fingerprints companies or service providers. We’re all committed to keep your information safe and secure.We may share personal information with others:Within Fingerprints: Fingerprints is one brand but many companies. Each plays a special role to achieve the Fingerprints vision. We may share your information with other companies operating under the Fingerprints brand.  Service providers: We may also share your information with authorised Fingerprints service providers. Usually these are companies that store information or provide IT services.4. How we keep your personal information safeWe protect your information from all kinds of threats: destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. We do this in a variety of ways depending on where we store and use it.Read moreHere are some things we do to keep your personal information safe:SecurityEncryption of data;The use of:firewalls and secure servers;passwords;hashing techniques;logging of systems;access badges in buildings.a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processingSecurity training and awareness of personnel (including trainings on phishing and social engineering);The ability to ensure:the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our organization and systems that process your datathat availability and access to Personal Data can be restored in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;Pseudonymisation / anonymization of data where possible.International transfersFingerprints are a part of a global group of companies, and we have service providers and business partners in many parts of the world. In some cases, we might have to transfer your information to one of these companies located outside the European Economic Area. We do our best to keep your information safe in these cases. In situations where your information will end up outside our control we always ask your consent first.In addition, we rely on so-called adequacy decisions from the EU. This means that the EU believes a country’s own laws or agreements provide adequate protection for your personal data. For example, we may want to store your information in the United States. In this case, we rely on the Privacy Shield Network, an agreement between the EU and US governments.Some countries don’t have an adequacy decision, then we will sign an EU Model Contract Clause with the recipient. These are legal texts provided by the EU government.5. How long we keep your personal dataThe length that Fingerprints keep your personal information depends on the legal ground for processing.Consent – we will keep your data until you withdraw your consent.Legitimate interest – we will keep your data for as long as you are a customer of Fingerprints or an applicant to a job position. If you are a client of ours we will also keep your information for three years after you cease to be our client for marketing purposes.We might store your information longer than stated above if it is necessary because of legal requirements.6. Your privacy rightsYou have many rights regarding your personal information. Read more about them below. If you would like to exercise them or learn more, feel free to contact us! You can find contact detail at the end of this statement. Please note that some of the rights may not be applicable to your situation.Read moreRight of accessYou have the right to know what personal information we process and why. That’s why we inform you in advance about our processing activities via this statement. If you have any questions, or would you like to learn more about what information we process from you, you are always welcome to contact us and we will provide you with further information.Right to rectificationIf you believe we store wrong information about you, such as your name or address, you can ask us to correct this. Right to erasure / right to be forgottenYou have the right to tell us to permanently erase your personal information from our records. You can do this for example if you believe there’s no longer any need for us to keep it. Or, if you previously have given your permission, you can just decide to withdraw it.Right to restrict the processing activitiesYou have the right to restrict our processing activities in certain situations. This means we will continue to store your information, but we’ll temporarily stop any other processing. Why would you want to do this? For example if you’ve asked us to fix incorrect information. In this situation you may want us to stop processing until the information is correct.Right to data portabilityIn certain situations you have the right to ask us to send your personal information in digital form to you, so that you can forward it to someone else.Right to objectYou have the right to object to the processing of your information, even when we have a legitimate legal reason to process it. You can do this when we process your information on the basis of our legitimate interest, and you believe that your personal interest outweighs ours. If you do not want us using your information for direct marketing purposes, including profiling, we will comply in any case.Right to withdraw consentIf we process your personal information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent anytime.Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authorityIf you aren’t satisfied with the way we treat your personal information, you have the right to lodge a complaint about us to the national supervisory authority. Contact information, and how you can proceed with this can be found at Datainspektionen.se. 7. What are cookies used for?Our cookies are used for to recognize you when you visit our site.We also use cookies to understand and improve user experience while using our site when you access Fingerprints from other websites or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device.We do not share your information with any third parties.  8. What types of cookies does Fingerprints use?Fingerprints uses a persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it’s easier to use our website without having to press "Accept cookies" again when you return through the same device. 9. Who to contact?If you have questions about our privacy statement or practices, please feel free to get in touch. You can contact us at:Fingerprint Cards ABAtt: DPOKungsgatan 20SE-411 19 Göteborg, Sweden DPO@fingerprints.com