https://www.michwave.com/privacypolicy/
Office hours: 9am-5pm + after hours support
616.520.4117
support@michwave.com
Toggle navigation
Home
Wireless Internet
Residential
Installation Process
Commercial
Fiber Internet
Residential
Commercial
Voice
Get It!
FAQs
Testimonials
Contact Us
My Account
COVID-19
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Michwave Technologies Inc. uses and protects any information that you give Michwave Technologies Inc. when you use this website or services. Michwave Technologies Inc.is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, or services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Michwave Technologies Inc.may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2016.
Michwave Technologies Inc.may collect the following information.  Michwave Technologies Inc. may request business contact information (name, phone number, email address, and physical address), payment information (billing address, payment account number, and security code and expiration date for credit cards) and phone number information (phone number and extension assignments, phone numbers to be ported to Michwave Technologies Inc., and account verification information from a previous phone service provider).
Information a person voluntarily gives. A person may voluntarily give information to Michwave Technologies Inc.. This includes information in a chat, email, phone call, service ticket or other communication with Michwave Technologies Inc.. Michwave Technologies Inc.does not control the nature of this information.
Information from use of its services. Michwave Technologies Inc. Voice automatically collects some information when customers use its services. For example, Michwave Technologies Inc.automatically collects source, destination, and duration information for every phone call placed or received using its services. Michwave Technologies Inc.also stores customers’ voice mail messages until the customer deletes them. Michwave Technologies Inc.may record calls between its employees and its customers or prospective customers after giving required notice.
Is the information personal?  Michwave Technologies Inc.does not sell its services to individual consumers; Michwave Technologies Inc.only sells to businesses. Therefore, some of the information Michwave Technologies Inc.collects may not qualify as personal information. Whether information is personal information depends on the nature of the information and the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. This privacy policy addresses information that may, in some situations, qualify as personal information. Information collected from use of Michwave Technologies Inc.’s websites is not associated with any personally identifiable information.
Security of information Michwave Technologies Inc.is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information. However, no security measure is perfect. This means Michwave Technologies Inc.cannot guarantee the security of personal information. Michwave Technologies Inc. does not assume responsibility for unauthorized access to or use of personal information under its control.
NEWS
Portal Account Creation
HOW BROADBAND INCREASES PROPERTY VALUES
Increase home value with a fiber Internet connection
We are unlimited AND engineered for high capacity.
Rural Location? We might be able to reach you right now
Testimonials "Our Internet service with Michwave has been a very positive experience - from the friendly installers to the cheerful voice at the end of the phone taking my call, their service is consistent, friendly and accessible. I would recommend them to anyone."
-Ruth |Lowell, MI
"Great service! I had high speed internet in no time. I was shocked that they covered my remote location!"
- Allison| Lowell, MI
"Michwave has very friendly installers. I would recommend them to anyone."
-Bob| Lowell, MI
Recent Posts
Portal Account Creation
HOW BROADBAND INCREASES PROPERTY VALUES
Increase home value with a fiber Internet connection
We are unlimited AND engineered for high capacity.
Rural Location? We might be able to reach you right now
Photo Gallery
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2016, Michwave Technologies, Inc.
Modality Theme powered by WordPress
ATTN: We will be moving to a new billing portal around MARCH 2019.This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled