http://www.perlservices.net/en/privacy_policy.shtml
Perl Services Privacy Policy
All Scripts backed by 10 years in business, free support, free updates and a 30 day money back guarantee.
PerlServices.net
Download
Purchase
Programming
F.A.Q.
Support
Contact
Commercial Perl Scripts
All Form Pro Updated
Count It
Form Mailer + Attachments
Client File Manager
Da Godfaddah
Dropbox Updated
FAQ Builder
HT Manager Updated
RegisterHT
Mailing List Server
Page Updater - Text
Page Updater Pro Updated
PS Lightning Search Updated
Quick File Mailer
Quick MySQL
Select-A-File
Upload Center
Free Perl Scripts
Access Log Viewer
All Form
Epoch Converter
Error Log Viewer
Invoice Center
PS Upload
Question Manager
Quick CHMOD
QuickHT
Site File Finder
Site File Lister
SSI Tag Maker
Perl Modules
Monger Calendar
Monger File
Monger Mail
Monger Persist
JavaScript Generators
PopUp Windows
Meta Gen
RGB / Hex Converter
Page Colors
Sudoku
Tutorials and FAQs
Cookies
Using CuteFTP
Using WS_FTP
Installing Scripts
Debugging
Utilities
env_vars.pl
backup.pl
restore.pl
check_email.pl
date.pl
dayname.pl
fileage.pl
format_length.pl
format_url.pl
getfile.pl
parse.pl
redirect_html.pl
Free Services
Epoch Converter
TLD Registries
RGB/Hex FInder
Colour Checker
ASCII Codes
Policies
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Site Map
Form Processor with no SPAM from robots.
Manage Remote websites from your website. Allow clients to update sections of their own web pages.
Secure file manager with upload progress meter. A printer's best friend. Find out more.
Privacy Policy
Perl Services considers the protection of individual privacy to be a
fundamental requirement for ethical commerce and interaction on the
Internet. We firmly believe the ongoing investment and success of commercial
interests will be an instrumental component in the growth and diversity of
the Web. We have created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and
dissemination practices.
What information is collected on this site?
Anonymous click-stream information may be collected for every visitor to
this site. This includes pages viewed, date & time, user platform, screen
bit-depth, and browser type. IP numbers are not stored, but are temporarily
used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. There is
NO association between this information and a visitor's identity.
Information provided to Perl Services during the purchase or download of a
script is kept strictly confidential, and is NEVER sold or shared with third
party entities. If you have downloaded a freeware script, or purchased a
script from Perl Services, your email address is stored in our mailing list.
However, EVERY email we send to our mailing list has a link to immediately
unsubscribe included, so if you do not wish to receive notifications of new
scripts or other Perl Services news and information, you will not be somehow
manually resubscribed by our staff. Remember, the choice to get email from
us is completely up to YOU.
How is it used?
Any information is used by Perl Services to build anonymous visitor
information data which is used to more effectively focus the site content
and to increase ease of navigation - all without knowing your identity! Once
again, there is NO association between a user's anonymously collected
clickstream data and a visitor's identity or email address.
Our site may use cookies in conjunction with the CGI scripts to track your
progress during a download or script purchase process. We DO NOT use cookies
to attempt to determine your personal identification or for any other
marketing reason. We also do NOT share or make accessible our cookies to any
third party agency or interest.
Public Areas
This site may make use of FAQ's and other posting board areas available to
its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these
areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when
deciding to disclose any information. Perl Services is not responsible, in
any case, for the security of any information that you choose to divulge and
make public on this website. However, we write our scripts so that YOU have
the opportunity to have your personal information shown or hidden, so it is
your choice as to the level of privacy you face on our site.
Fraud Protection
Perl Services commercial scripts and programs employ an installation notification service. This service is in place to help ensure our licensing policy is adhered to and customers are not
fraudulently distributing or installing our commercial scripts and programs. Upon installation of a Perl Services program, Perl Services will receive electronic notification containing information information pertaining to the installation including: the domain name or IP address the script or program was installed on; the order ID assigned to the script or program installed; host node or IP address used to install the script or program; and the time and date of the installation. We do not transmit nor receive your username, password or any other data collected by the script or program. We do not obtain, or attempt to obtain, any personal information relating to you, your business, your computer. By implementing this licensing protection policy, we can keep our costs down and our scripts and program more affordable for all. In the event of a fraudulent installation or breech of license by the customer, Perl Services reserves the right to cease all support for all installations of scripts and programs purchased by that customer, as well as terminate access to fraudulently acquired or installed copies of scripts or programs.
How to contact Perl Services with questions or feedback regarding our privacy policies:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please visit our contact
page to provide feedback to our staff.
©2009 All rights reserved, PerlServices.net.
Website hosting by LinuxHostingPlans.com