http://www.dresserassociates.com/privacy-policy.php
Dresser & Associates is Now Part of Net@Work!X
We are extremely pleased to announce that
Dresser & Associates has joined
Net@Work, one of the most respected Sage Software Partners in North America and an award-winning end-to-end technology solutions provider. You will see very little change relative to your Sage Software support, really just a name change.
Our existing staff will all be joining Net@Work and will continue to provide the excellent level of service and support our customers have come to expect.
Our entire team is very excited about joining Net@Work and the ability to bring even more knowledge and resources to all of our clients.
Thank you for your continued business and we look forward to our ongoing relationship.
Mark F. Dresser, Dresser & Associates, Inc | mfdresser@dresserassociates.com
Read Message from Mark Dresser | Read the Full Press Release | Visit Us at www.netatwork.com
Dresser & Associates
Dresser & Associates Privacy Policy
Dresser & Associates respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it. Dresser & Associates provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We make this notice readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every www.dresserassociates.com web page. What we collect:
If you inquire through our contact form or site analysis form, any information your submit will be used to answer your inquiry ONLY.
We do track IP's and user sessions for security purposes only.
How we use this information:
All information you submit to us, will be used internally at Dresser & Associates to help answer your inquiring or meet your needs.
In the case of client information, we use the contact information of existing clients to inform them of changes and offers at Dresser & Associates through direct e-mail.
What we do not do:
We cannot control the practices of sites linked to and from www.dresserassociates.com.
We will NEVER give your contact information or any related information you submit to Dresser & Associates to a third party.
OverviewProducts & ServicesSupport & TrainingTotal Care ProgramSpecial OffersCompany
Contact Us Today!
Overview
Hey Dresser, Make my job easier!
Sage HRMS Video -- The Solution for a New Era of HR
HRMS - More Than Just an Administrative Tool
ROEI: Return on Employee Investment
I want a solution to...
Assessing Your Needs
What's New
Sage HRMS Overview
Why Sage HRMS?
Comparison
What is an HRIS?
HRIS Checklist
Software & Services
Sage HRMS Overview
Take a Tour
Deployment Options
Product Briefs and Feature Sheets
Sage HRMS
Employee Self Service
Benefits Enrollment
OrgPlus
Train
Crystal Dashboard
Time and Attendance
Sage Time and Attendance by Insperity
Sage HRMS Extensions
Multi-Lingual ESS
HR Actions
Alerts and Workflow
Benefits Messenger
Sage Add-Ons and Utilities
My Workforce Analyzer (ACA)
Payroll
Sage Tax Filing Services
Outsourced Payroll Options - Sage Payroll Services
Recruiting
Cyber Recruiter & Cyber Train
Hyrell
Sage HRMS Talent Management
Learning Management
Performance Management
Cornerstone Product Demos and Flash Videos
Cornerstone Success Stories
Cornerstone Video Success Stories
Feature Sheets
PerformancePAM
Accounting Integration
Accounting Integration Software
Timberline Integration
Support & Training
Dresser Support
Support Programs
Sage Customer Portal
Sage Employer Resources
Contact Support
Free Webinars and Online Training
Total Care
Total Care Program Resources
Free Webinars and Online Training
Month by Month Training Calendar
Dresser & Associates Customer Portal
Payroll Resource Center
Tips & Tricks
User Group Conferences
Alliance for Workforce Management
HR Management Blog
Connect with us on Social Media
Newsletters
HR Best Practices and Whitepapers
Knowledge Center
Affordable Care Act
HR Selection Tools
Partners and Alliances
HR & Payroll Forms
Take Advantage of Tax Credits
Sage HRMS Payroll Tax Forms and eFiling
Purchasing Power (premier employee purchase program)
Background Screening Services
Special Offers
Affordable Care Act Survival Kit
Switch from Sage Abra Suite to Sage HRMS
2015 Year End Closing with Sage Payroll
Sage HRMS Benefits Messenger - Electronic Carrier Connections
HR & Payroll Forms
Sage Alerts and Workflow
Dresser & Associates Total Care Program
E-Verify
Health Plan Information on 2012 W-2's
Pennsylvania ACT 32
Sage ERP Promotional Offer
Cost of a Bad Hire
The Power of Partnership
Lower Payroll Processing Costs
Sage Timberline Payroll Integration
Multi-Lingual Employee Self Service Tools
Social HR: How Social Collaboration can make Employees more Productive
Preparing for OFCCP Compliance
Company
Contact Us
What Makes Dresser Different?
Referral Rewards Program
Client Testimonials
Press Releases
Associations
Awards & Recognition
Blog
Customer Portal Login
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW SIGN UP FOR THE LATEST NEWS
I am a...
Abra User
Non-Abra User
Effective Design, Implementation & Support to meet your HRMS needs
HR Software
Demo Center
Support & Training
HRIS Selection Tools
Knowledge Center
Resources
News & Events
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Legal
Dresser & Associates is a leading provider of HR Software & Payroll Solutions to New England, the Mid Atlantic, South East and Gulf Coast.
243 U.S. Route 1, Scarborough, Maine 04074 | Toll Free: 866-885-7212 | osisionsdetasr@ecoscare.mf
Regional Offices: Maine | Pennsylvania | Georgia | Florida
© Copyright 2020 Dresser & Associates, Inc.