http://www.liquid-technologies.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
Personal Information
Visitors may be required to supply personal information such as name, address, e-mail address for various purposes on this site. These include joining a forum, downloading trial software, or requesting to receive newsletters. Liquid Technologies Limited does not collect personal information from you unless you provide it. This means that you are free to browse the contents of the site without revealing any other personally identifiable information such as who you are.
When you choose to reveal information about yourself for a specific purposes, such as the ones stated above, Liquid Technologies Limited will use the information for only that purpose. If you wish to terminate your subscription from a service, such as the ones stated above, or if you wish to correct or update the information, you may do so by sending an e-mail to:
privacy@liquid-technologies.com.
Any information supplied is stored securely on our private web server, and is not publicly accessible. This information is also only available to Liquid Technologies Limited staff on a 'need to know' basis.
Liquid Technologies DO NOT capture or have access to any financial data such as credit card information. All financial data is captured by the Global Payments Secure web site.
Should Liquid Technologies Limited choose to change the way in which it uses personal information gathered on this site, the changes will be posted to this site 30 days prior to the change taking place.
Anonymous Information
Anonymous data such as pages viewed, type of browser used, domain suffix and time of visit are stored for every visitor to this site. This data is in no way linked to the personal information identified above.
Links
This site contains links to other web sites owned by organizations not associated with Liquid Technologies Limited. When you click on these links you are entering another web site. Liquid Technologies Limited takes no responsibility for the content of these linked sites, and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these sites before using them. If you find a broken link, or a link to a site with unsuitable content, please report the link by sending an e-mail to:
links@liquid-technologies.com.
Trademarks
Liquid XML™ and XML the Smart Way™ are trademarks or registered trademarks of Liquid Technologies Limited in the United States and/or other countries. Microsoft® and Visual Studio® are trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Other content may be trademarks of other companies.
Liquid Technologies Web Site uses cookies. Learn more. Close