http://www.nublue.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for NuBlue Limited.
Information Collection and Use
Nublue Limited is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Nublue Limited collects information from our users at several different points on our website these include, the order form, LiveChat services and contact forms. Nublue limited will use this information for the purposes of billing for the applicable service, providing technical support or providing potential clients with information on available services and products upon request. This information is not shared with sub processors unless explicitly stated or where required by law.
Order
We request information from the user on our registration, order and payment forms. Here a user must provide contact information, name, address and contact email address and financial information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfil customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site and is encrypted so cannot be read by any other website. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. It will also terminate once a period of time has elapsed since first using the site..
We only use cookies for your convenience; for instance, to prevent the user from having to re-enter shopping cart information. If a user rejects the cookie, ordering functionality for the user will be affected. More on how we use cookies below.
Log Files
We log IP addresses to in accordance with our security breach processes to ensure data security and for threat management, IP address information is securely and periodically removed by rotation policy.
Sharing
We use the following vendors to process payment and bill users for our services: Stripe, Inc, PayPal Holdings Inc, Barclays plc.
These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Tax information is recorded in accordance with our obligations to the HMRC, this information is securely stored and retained only for the periods required by the HMRC.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we [Nublue Limited] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our accounting staff or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information..
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your post code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
Choice/Opt-out
If you use this site to purchase services you may occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications on our order form.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email, or by contacting us directly.
Users of our site are notified when their information is being collected or used by any third parties; so users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an third party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances (if any), we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
How we use Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer from within your browser options, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The following is strictly necessary in the operation of our website
This Website Will:
Remember what is in your shopping basket
Remember where you are in the order process
Remember that you are logged in and that your session is secure.  You need to be logged in to complete some orders.
The following are not strictly necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
Functional Cookies
This Website Will:
Offer Live Chat Support if requested
Track the pages you visit via Google Analytics
Targeting Cookies
This Website Will:
Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Google +
This website will not
Share any personal information with third parties.