http://www.domaindirect.com/privacy
Domains
Email
About Us
Blog
Help
Webmail
Sign In
Your Account
You’ve got the ideas, we’ve got the domains.
Already have a domain? Learn about transferring or renewing.
.DESIGN is 88% off
Get the perfect domain for your portfolio site for $4.99!
.CLUB is 65% off
Turn your passion into a club for only $4.99!
Upgrade to a more memorable email address
Use your domain name to send more personal & professional emails.
We think about domains and email so you don’t have to.
Our focus is on making it easy to find and register the perfect domain and providing you with the tools you need to manage your domains, email and DNS with ease. It’s what we do - so you can focus on what you do.
Domains
Stand out from the crowd with the perfect domain name and extension for your idea.
Email
You don't need a website to get a professional email address. Finally get rid of that you@freewebmail.com.
We have features that you’ll love.
Hover offers fast domain search and a quick checkout that won’t try to upsell you on stuff you don’t need. Our control panel helps you manage your domains and services and make the most of your online life.
Pro-Level Tools
Powerful domain and email management tools that are intuitive and easy to use whether you are a web pro or just getting started.
Private and Secure
WHOIS privacy is included with every domain name (where supported) and security features like two-factor authentication help you keep your domains safe.
Hover Connect
Pick the service you want to use to build and host your website. Connect helps you start using your domain name with just a couple of clicks.
Hover is for everyone.
We’re trusted by hundreds of thousands of customers, who use our domain names and email to turn their ideas into a reality. Whether it’s a domain name for your blog, portfolio, online store or just to make a more memorable redirect to your LinkedIn page, we’ve got you covered.
Developers
Grab the perfect domain for your next big app, startup biz or side hustle.
Photographers
Showcase your beautiful images with a domain linked to your existing Format, Adobe or Flickr portfolio.
Personal/Small Businesses
Sell your products or sell yourself. Either way, we’ve got the name and tools for your brand.
From the Blog
Need Help? We’re Here!
Get help from one of our smart, friendly support advisors on the phone, via live chat or through email. We’ll get things sorted out so you can get back to work.
Visit our Help Center