http://www.quantiki.org/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
You are hereAbout
Personal data
Quantiki is run be a group of volunteers as a service for the scientific community. We do not gather any data for any commercial purpose. We do not send unsolicited e-mails. We do not share personal data with any third-party, with the following exceptions:
Backups are stored at servers provided by NodeSquirrel.
Posts on Quantiki are posted on Quantiki Twitter and Facebook accounts using dlvr.it service.
The site only stores personal data that were provided by the user. Those data can be verified, changed and deleted using the user page. All these data are public apart of e-mail address and password. User’s e-mail address is essential to provide the service.
We store visitors IP numbers for three days in order to have an ability to block abusing parties.
Users can cancel their accounts by clicking “Cancel account” button at the bottom of user page. The content created by the user will be assigned to an Anonymous user.
In case of questions you can contact us.
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites.
We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process.
You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The following is strictly necessary in the operation of our website.
This Website Will
Remember that you are logged in and that your session is secure. You need to be logged in to post content to the site.
The following are not Strictly Necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
Functional Cookies
This Website Will:
Track the pages you visit via Statistics
Targeting Cookies
This Website Will:
Allow you to share content with social networks such as Facebook (If available)
Allow you to share content via Add This (If available)
To view the ‘Add This’ Privacy Policy or to opt out of any online behavioural advertising, please visit Add This and click on the ‘Opt Out’ button.
This website will not
Share any personal information with third parties.
Search this site
Search
User login
Username *
Password *
Create new accountRequest new password
Main menu
EventsGroupsPositionsAboutContactFAQPrivacy Statement