http://www.neustar.biz/legal
Legal Notice
Any person accessing the web site of NeuStar, Inc. or its affiliates (collectively, “Neustar”) accepts, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions of use set forth below and any additional terms and conditions of use set forth in links on this web site that connect to other web sites (collectively, the “Terms of Use.”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please discontinue use of this site.
Intellectual Property Rights. All content, unless otherwise indicated, is protected by law including, but not limited to, United States copyright, trade secret, and trademark law, as well as other state, national, and international laws and regulations. Neustar does not grant any express or implied rights to the user under any patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret information. Accordingly, any unauthorized use of the web site or the content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, trade secret laws, or laws relating to privacy and publicity.
Content Submission; Visitor Content. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any materials, including creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, photographs, concepts or other information or communications, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like (collectively the “Visitor Content”) you transmit to Neustar via electronic mail or otherwise. You agree that all Visitor Content you submit to Neustar is owned by you, and you hereby grant to Neustar the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display Visitor Content and to incorporate any Visitor Content in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, including, but not limited to, the right to publish Visitor Content or use Visitor Content on the Neustar web site or in advertising of any type, with no obligation to pay you any consideration. Neustar will not be required to treat any Visitor Content as confidential, and Neustar may use Visitor Content in its business (including, without limitation, for products or advertising) without incurring any liability for royalties or any other consideration of any kind or as a result of any similarities that may appear in Neustar’s future operations. Visitor Content does not include any personally identifiable information, such as your name, e-mail address, physical address, phone number(s), and credit card information, all of which is subject to the privacy standards set forth in our Privacy Policy, which is expressly incorporated into these Terms of Service. Neustar reserves the right to remove any content submitted to the web site at any time for any reason.
User Responsibility. The user assumes all responsibility for use of the Neustar web site. The user waives all claims against Neustar, Inc. and its affiliates, as well as their respective officers, directors, employees, suppliers, and agents that may arise from the use of the Neustar web site.
Third-Party Content. Third-party may appear on or be accessible from the web site. Neustar is not responsible for and assumes no liability for any third-party content. Additionally this web site may provide links or references to other web sites not affiliated with Neustar; however, Neustar is not responsible for the content of such other sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from users’ access to such sites. Links to other sites are provided only as a convenience to users of our web site. Neustar has used reasonable efforts to verify that the URLs referring to external web sites are correct as of the last revision of the Neustar web site.
Disclaimer. The web site and the content is provided on an “as-is” basis. Neustar expressly disclaims all warranties, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neustar disclaims all responsibility for any loss, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of or any way related to: (A) any errors or omissions from this web site and the content, including, but not limited to, technical inaccuracies and typographical errors; (B) any third-party web sites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in this web site, including, but not limited to, any errors in or omissions therefrom; (C) the unavailability of the web site or any portion thereof; (D) your use of this web site; or (E) your use of any equipment or software in connection with the web site.
Limitation of Liability. Neustar shall not be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from your use of the web site or the content. Neustar shall not be liable for any incidental, direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, special, exemplary, or other damages, including loss of revenue or income, loss of data, pain and suffering, emotional distress, or similar damages arising out of or in any way connected to the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on the web site or content. To the extent the foregoing limitation of liability is prohibited, Neustar’s sole obligation to you for damages shall be limited to $100 USD.
Unlawful Activity. You may not use this site for any unlawful purpose or activity. Neustar reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violation of these Terms of Use and to take any action Neustar deems appropriate.
Remedies for Violations. Neustar reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use, including, but not limited to, the right to block access from a particular internet address to the Neustar web sites and their features.
Privacy. Your use of the web site is subject to Neustar’s Web site Privacy Policy.
Severability of Provisions. These Terms of Use incorporate by reference any notices contained on the web site and the Privacy Policy. These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Neustar with respect to access to, and use of, the web site. If any provision of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, or conflicts with any other provision of the Terms of Use then the unlawful, void, unenforceable or conflicting provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability.
Modifications to Terms of Use. Neustar reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Update versions of the Terms of Use will appear on this web site and are effective immediately. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Use. Continued use of the web site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. The content from this web site may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including facsimile transmission, photocopying, recording, or use of information storage or retrieval systems, without express written permission from the copyright owner.
Any questions that you have about this agreement can be forwarded to:
Legal Department
Neustar, Inc.
21575 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
571-434-5729
Additional Links
Caller Name Optimization General Terms and Conditions
x
Contact Us
Or call to speak to someone now 1-855-898-0036.
Thank you for contacting us. We'll get back to you as soon as possible.
x
Under DDoS Attack? Relief Begins Here!
Our Security Operations Center is ready to mitigate your attack and restore service to your site. Complete the form below or call 1-855-727-1209 and get relief now.
Thank you for contacting us. We'll be in touch as soon as possible.
Are you under a DDoS attack?
Call +1-855-727-1209.
Marketing Solutions
Marketing Home
Fabrick™
Customer Analytics
Customer Experience
Customer Intelligence
AdAdvisor
Risk Solutions
Risk Home
Authentication
Compliance
Customer Operations
Communications Solutions
Communications Home
Branded Contact Management
Caller Intelligence
Numbering Services
Number Management
Order Management
Security Solutions
Security Home
Application & Network Security
DNS Services
Security Intelligence
Website Performance Management
Identity
Clients
Resources
Blog
About
Leadership
Careers
News Room
Events
Partners
Corporate Social Responsibility
Contact
Login
ElementOne
Localeze BRM
InfoZone
IP Intelligence
PlatformOne
SiteProtect NG
UltraDNS
Webmetrics
Web Performance
NPAC
Numbering
Registry
Support
X
Cookies: This site and all .neustar TLD sites use cookies and other technologies to provide an optimal web user experience. By continuing without changing settings, you agree to our use of cookies. Disabling cookies will restrict usage of our shopping cart. To learn more, please read our Neustar Cookie Policy.
Continue Turn Cookies Off
X
Cookie Opt Out
You have been opted out of Neustar website cookies.
If you would like to opt out of Neustar services cookies, please click on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page.