http://www.megaseg.com/privacy
MegaSeg
Products
Download
Buy
Contact
Our privacy policy.
This privacy policy covers Fidelity Media’s handling of personally identifiable information we collect when on our site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
We receive and temporarily record information on our server logs from web browsers including IP address and the page requested to view. The server logs are purged daily and not archived. When you order a product on our site, we collect personal information required to fulfill the order and never rent or sell this information to third parties. We use this information for the purpose of fulfilling your order and emailing a receipt, or verifying requests for certain support services and software updates. (If at any time you would like to stop receiving updates, please contact us.)
We never see or save credit card numbers on our servers or systems, as all card processing is handled by secure payment processors (i.e. PayPal and Stripe.)
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. We will only send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
You give your consent to share the information
We need to share the information to provide the product or service you requested
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process
Cookies and Other Technologies
We do not use cookies or 3rd party analytics to track you, nor do we use "remarketing" or ad trackers based on past visits.
Third Party Links
We may include or promote third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Apple, Amazon.) We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback on links to external sites.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, we will post those changes here and update the modification date below.
Updated on May 24, 2018
Products
Demo
Buy
Privacy
Contact
MegaSeg and the swirl logo are trademarks of Fidelity Media, Inc.
Copyright © 2020 Fidelity Media, Inc. All rights reserved.