http://www.drumagog.com/privacy-policy
Home
Features
Store
Support
Company
Forum
Privacy Policy
WaveMachine Labs is a music and audio software company and the creator of Drumagog, Voice Band, iGOG, Auria and other products. WaveMachine Labs (“WML”) hosts a number websites devoted to the Company and its products, and these websites accept information for several purposes. The Websites can be used to complete orders or make service requests. WML also hosts a number of online forums through its website and websites devoted to its products (the “WML websites”), and these forums allow everyone who participates in online discussions to contribute to the WML and music making experience. WML takes your privacy very seriously. Please read the following privacy policy -- by visiting the WML websites, you are accepting the policies and practices outlined herein.
This Privacy Policy covers WML's treatment of personal information that WML gathers when participants submit comments or other information using the WML websites or when participants register and provide background information to us. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties, including other participants, that WML does not own or control, or to individuals that WML does not employ or manage.
WaveMachine Labs Collects the Following Information
WML collects personal information that is relevant to the company and the product forums. We collect the following types of information from participants:
I.
Information that you provide directly:
We receive and store information you enter into the WML websites or provide to us in any other way, such as in placing an order. You can choose not to provide us with information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of certain website features including an experience more tailored to your particular interests.
a.
Registration: In order for you to fully use participate in WML website forums, you must complete a registration form. As part of this registration form, we require certain personal information (including your full name and e-mail address).
b.
Participant postings: Any time you post a comment or otherwise participate in WML website forums, that information is collected by WML. You control what and how often you post.
c.
Requests for information: If you make a service request, seek product information, contact the company, or place an order, then you provide information incident to such requests.
d.
Placing orders: Obviously, when you place an order for WML products then WML requires information about you and where to send ordered products, including payment information, full addresses for billing authorization, and other contact information. WML needs this data so that it can complete your order – there is no way to opt out of supplying this information if you want to order WML products.
II.
Automatic Information:
a.
The WML websites receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit a WML website. WML and its authorized agents automatically receive and record "traffic data" on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, WML cookie information, the page you were visiting when you left that page to visit a WML website, and the WML page you requested. WML uses this traffic data to analyze news and user trends, administer the website, and diagnose any server problems.
b.
WML may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed.
c.
WML currently uses Google Analytics for web demographics data. To view their policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
E-mail Communications
WML will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission. WML may send out e-mails with WML-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification e-mails from WML, which inform you of actions or status changes on the WML websites. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, e-mail us and let us know. Please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that the WML websites automatically send to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. WML cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are.
We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow a more responsive WML website experience.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our website. We have no access to, or control over, these cookies.
Sharing Your Information
WML neither rents nor sells your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below.
WML Personnel: WML personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of WML business.
Business Transfers: If WML, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that gets transferred.
Protection of WML and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of WML, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with others for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
User Profile information: Information collected during registration and subsequent visits may be displayed to other WML users in your User Profile. The User Profile is the area on the WML websites where we allow you to tell other WML forum participants about yourself and your interests.
Social sharing of data: WML allows other users to browse postings you have submitted on the forums. This information is made available publicly directly on the forum board.
API: WML will allow third parties access to all WML data that is already publicly available through the WML websites. WML will keep private any passwords and blog settings.
With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purposes for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.
Securing Your Personal Information
Your personal WML websites account information is protected by a password that you select. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer.
Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices.
Controlling the Display and Use of Your Information
As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information.
By visiting your User Profile, you can correct, amend, add or delete personal information on our website. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the previously provided information in our records.
You may request deletion of your WML forum account or accounts by e-mailing us at info "at" drumagog "dot" com
If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us, please e-mail us at info "at" drumagog "dot" com
You will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WML may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the WML websites so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit WML website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of Illinois state law.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 10, 2013.
Home
Features
Store
Support
Company
Copyright 1999-2020 Wavemachine Labs, Inc
Privacy Policy
|
Terms Of Use