http://www.abcservices.com/privacy-policy
888.505.6222
Request A Quote
Support
Contact
Skip to content
Solutions
IBM Power Systems
Storage Solutions
Data Protection Services
Cloud Solutions
Partners
Resources
Blog
White Papers
Case Studies
About Us
Who We Are
Management Team
Careers
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Confidentiality
Our clients records are considered confidential. Case studies may be displayed only as examples of work either on our web site or in printed form.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on February 26, 2014
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
info@abcservices.com
(888) 505-6222
Recent
Tags
ServicesIBM Power Systems
Storage Solutions
servicesData Protection Services
About UsPartners
Management Team
Contact UsGeneral Contact
Request A Quote
©2017 ABC Services. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Share This