http://www.integrigy.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Online Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we gather online about you when you visit Integrigy.com ("our Site"), how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information.
1. Sites Covered by This Privacy Statement
This Online Privacy Statement covers the collection and use of data on the Integrigy.com web site. This statement is not applicated to the support.integrigy.com web site, which maintains its own privacy policy.
This website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifiable information.
2. What Information We Collect
We collect "non-personally identifiable" information which may include the URL of the site you came from before visiting our site, pages you visit on our site, your IP address and hostname, your browser version, your computer resolution, and any search terms you may enter while visiting our site.
We collect "personally identified information" only at your direct request, such as subscribing to our one of our newsletters.
3. Use of Cookies
We use "cookies" to identify your computer in order to analyze traffic patterns to our site over time. The cookies are used to identify your computer, but do not give us access to "personally identifiable information".
4. How We Use Your Information
We collect "non-personally identifiable information" when you visit our site in order to help us run our site more efficiently, to gather demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on our site, and to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising.
We collect "personally identifiable information" only when you ask to receive promotional e-mails or newsletters. We use this information only to provide you the information you request.
5. Sharing Your Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent to other "personally identifiable information" we collect on our site. Where Integrigy engages third parties to perform services on our behalf, we will require them to observe the intent of this Online Privacy Statement.
From time to time, we may be required to provide "personally identifiable information" in response to a court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release certain "personally identifiable information" when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
Integrigy Corporation or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or their respective assets could be acquired. Should such a combination or acquisition occur, you should expect that Integrigy would share some or all of your "personally identifiable information" to continue serving you and other users of our Site.
6. Your Choices
Integrigy will always provide you the option to discontinue use of your "personally identifiable information" either at your specific request by contacting us or through "opt-out"/"unsubscribe" features on our site and in our communications to you.
7. Protecting Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
8. Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
9. Changes to This Statement
If there are changes or additions to the terms of this Online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use our Site. Regardless of any changes we make to our Online Privacy Statement, we will always use your "personally identifiable information" in accordance with the version of the Statement in place at the time you provided your information, unless you give your express consent for us to do otherwise.
10. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about Integrigy's use of your information or about this Online Privacy Statement, please contact us.