https://www.trainingtutorial.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
View Cart
Newsletter & Specials
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Who we are
TEDCF Publishing is a sole proprietor company located at 32303 River Island Drive, Springville, CA 93265 USA. We are dedicated to providing high quality video training courses for the general public, schools, universities, and other educational institutions.
Our website address is: https://www.trainingtutorial.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
Information you provide in our contact forms are used solely for the purpose describe on the form.
For example on our Ask a Question page you enter your name, email address, and question. This information is simply used to return an answer to your question. It is not used for other purposes.
Another example is our Newsletter Signup page. The information on this page is simply used to add you to our Newsletter list. We also provide a method of removing your name from the list by clicking a link on our Newsletter.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
Embedded content from other websites
Portions of this site may include embedded content (e.g. YouTube videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Upon acceptance of cookies, we collect information about pages you visit on our website, referring site, IP address, geographical data (derived from the IP address), user agent, operating system, device type. This cookie expires in one day.
Who we share your data with
We share Newsletter subscription information and Newsletter email interaction (email address, links clicked, and number of times email is opened) with Benchmark corporation use specifically to monitor and provide our Newsletters and no other company. However, as noted above, embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Ads
Data Used: The following information (made available from the visitor’s browser) is collected and sent to Automattic’s Demand Partners: IP address, geographical data (derived from the IP address), user agent, operating system, device type, unique user ID (randomly generated identifier), current URL, and IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) interest category. Log data (IP address, geographical data, user agent, operating system, device type) is stored for 30 days. The unique user ID is stored in cookies and is retained for 1 year.
Activity Tracked: Ad impressions, video-related events (i.e. pause, mute, 100% plays, etc.) or errors, and ad click events. Various cookies are used for the following purposes: delivering targeted advertisements to specific visitors, storing user identifiers, and collecting anonymous ad platform stats.
Mobile Theme
Data Used: A visitor’s preference on viewing the mobile version of a site.
Activity Tracked: A cookie (akm_mobile) is stored for 3.5 days to remember whether or not a visitor of the site wishes to view its mobile version. Learn more about this cookie.
Protect
Data Used: In order to check login activity and potentially block fraudulent attempts, the following information is used: attempting user’s IP address, attempting user’s email address/username (i.e. according to the value they were attempting to use during the login process), and all IP-related HTTP headers attached to the attempting user.
Activity Tracked: Failed login attempts (these include IP address and user agent). We also set a cookie (jpp_math_pass) for 1 day to remember if/when a user has successfully completed a math captcha to prove that they’re a real human. Learn more about this cookie.
Data Synced (?): Failed login attempts, which contain the user’s IP address, attempted username or email address, and user agent information.
Search
Data Used: Any of the visitor-chosen search filters and query data in order to process a search request on the WordPress.com servers.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy and Cookie Policy please email us at support@trainingtutorial.com
Have any question, concerns, or comments? Please let us know.
Contact Us
Close Menu
TEDCF Publishing uses our own cookies as well as third party cookies to help improve your experience on our website as described in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our website, you understand and accept.
accept