https://www.acquitek.com/privacy-policy/
As the operator of these web pages, we take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal Data confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or E-Mail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on voluntary basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Limitation of liability for external links:
Our website contains links to the websites of third parties („external links“). As the content of these websites is not under our control, we cannot assume any liability for such external content. In all cases, the provider of information of the linked websites is liable for the content and accuracy of the information provided. At the point in time when the links were placed, no infringements of the law were recognizable to us. As soon as an infringement of the law becomes known to us, we will immediately remove the link in question.
Copyright:
The content and works published on this website are governed by the copyright laws of France. Any duplication, processing, distribution or any form of utilization beyond the scope of copyright law shall require the prior written consent of the author or authors in question.
Privacy Policy for the use of OVH Data Center
Acquitek customer data information’s are stored in OVH Data Center located in Europe. OVH strictly follows European General Data Protection Regulation. OVH forbids, subject to specific provisions specific to certain services, to modify the location or, as the case may be, the geographic area specified in the order, infrastructures allowing Acquitek to host data, it being specified that the customer will benefit from systematically of clear information about this location and that it will be able to choose in case of multiple location. In addition, subject to the specific arrangements for certain services, when Acquitek chooses a data center located on the territory of the European Union, OVH will not allow its teams located in countries that do not have adequate guarantees in terms of data protection, to perform services involving access to content hosted by its customers on its infrastructures.
Privacy Policy for the use of INES CRM
Acquitek customer sales information’s are stored in INES Data Center located in France. INES strictly follow European General Data Protection Regulation. INES CRM is 100% “compliant RGPD”. INES Provide to Acquitek the necessary features to deploy our strategy and ensure a maximum level of data security for our own customers.
Privacy Policy for the use of Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. Provider is the Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheater Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”. These are Text files that are stored on your computer and that provide an analysis of the use of the website through you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Web sites are usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and there saved.
However, in the case of the activation of IP anonymity on this website, your IP address will be assigned by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You can also capture the collection prevent Google’s data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us
Information, cancellation, blocking
You always have the right to free information about your stored personal data, their origin and Receiver and the purpose of the data processing as well as a right to correction, blocking or Deletion of this data. For this purpose and for further questions about personal data You can always contact us.
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to browse your browser the next time you visit recognition.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
• Browser type / browser version
• used operating system
• Referrer URL
• Host name of the accessing computer
• Time of the server request
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done.
Datasheets and Prices request forms
If you send us inquiries via the Datasheets and Prices  form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
Information and cancellation right
The user has the right, upon request, to receive free information about the personal data that has been stored about him. In addition, the user has the right to correction of incorrect data, blocking and deletion of his personal data, as far as no legal duty of storage is contrary
91887a9596122b4e4fb5f673a41fa2a6LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
We use cookies to guarantee you the best experience on our site. If you continue to use it, we will assume that you accept the use of cookies.OkRead more