https://www.lapsafe.com/privacy
Keep safe with our range of Covid-19 safety solutions, from antimicrobial paint to UV-C device cleansing
Learn more
Designed, Manufactured & Supported in the UK
+44 (0) 1787 226 166
sales@lapsafe.com
Home
About
About LapSafe®
Accreditations
Sectors
Careers
Products
By Product
Self-Service
Self-Service Laptop & Chromebook Loans
Diplomat Lockers
Storage & Charging Locker Range
Diplomat UV-C
Station to Kill the Virus on your Devices
FLEX
Personal Storage & Charging Locker Range
ClassBuddy
Cost Effective Storage & Charging Range
Mentor
Intelligent Storage & Charging Range
Find A Solution
By Product Type
Mobile Charging Trolleys
Wall Mounted Charging
Desktop Charging
Charging Lockers
By Solution
Self-Service Laptop Loans
Case Studies
News
Blog
Press Releases
Exhibitions
Awards
Support
Support Enquiry
Keys
Upgrades
Activate Warranty
Warranty Details
User Manuals
Contact
Privacy & Cookie Policy
How, Why & What Information We Collect
LapSafe® Self-Service Solutions Ltd
Last Updated: 31st July 2019
This privacy policy states how LapSafe® Self Service Solutions Ltd uses and protects any information that you give to us. This includes what you tell us about yourself, what we learn by having you as a customer and your preferences you give us about what information you want us to send you.
LapSafe® is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and any information that you share with us will be treated respectfully and in accordance to this policy statement. This notice sets out most of your rights under the new laws of which changed on the 25th of May 2018, and we will continue to check any updates under the new GDPR for any subsequent amendments.
LapSafe® may change this policy from time to time by updating this document and you should check this document regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Our Privacy Promise
To keep your data safe and private
Not to sell your data
To give you options to manage and review your marketing preferences at any time
How the law protects you
As well as our Privacy Promise, your privacy is protected by law.
Data Protection law says that we are allowed to use personal information only if we have a proper reason to do so. This includes sharing it with relevant third parties. The law says we must have one or more of these reasons:
To fulfil a contract we have with you, or
When it is our legal duty, or
When it is in our legitimate interest, or
When you consent to it
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information. Even then, it must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what that is.
Here is a list of all the ways that we may use your personal information, and which of the reasons we rely on to do so. This is also where we tell you what our legitimate interests are:
What We Use Your Personal Information For
Our Reasons
Our Legitimate Interests
To manage our relationship with you or your business
To develop ways to meet our customers’ needs and to grow our business
To study how our customers’, use our products and services
To design and develop our marketing activities
To develop our products and services to meet the demand of the marketplace
Your consent
Fulfilling our contracts
Provide support and warranty
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Keeping our records up to date, providing information about which of our products and services may interest you
Developing products and services at a competitive market price
Seeking your consent for when we need to contact you
Consent for your marketing preferences
To design and develop new products and manage our brand
To test new products
Market research relating to our products and services
Fulfilling contracts
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Developing products and services and what we charge for them
Test products to ensure they are suitable
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties
To run our business in an efficient and correct way. This includes managing our financial position, business capability, planning, communication, governance
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Complying with regulations that apply to our business
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties
To run our business partner programme
Our legitimate interests
Fulfilling contracts
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties
We collect personal information from
When you request information about our products and service via one of the forms on our website
When you send us an email
When you interact with our website
In customer surveys
If you take part in any competitions or promotions
When you use our web chat
When you become a LapSafe® reseller
If you place an order via one of our resellers or directly with us
We may collect
Name
Organisation
Address
Telephone Number
Mobile Number
Email address
Preferences and interests
Other information relating to surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand and respond to your needs and provide you with better products and service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Improve our product and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided we will only do this if you have consented to them see email marketing section for more details.
From time to time we may use your information for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail.
Who we share your personal information with
We will not sell or share your data with third party companies other than our data processors.
Under certain support circumstances Diplomat™ LMS customers we may need to pass data onto our software partner, for more details on this please see our Diplomat™ LMS Privacy Statement
Use of data processors
Data processors are third party companies that provide us services such as Web Hosting and Email Marketing. We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation other than us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
Sending data outside of the EEA
LapSafe® will only send your data outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) if we require to use a data processor.
If we do pass your data to a data processor outside of the EEA, we will make sure that it is protected in the same way as if it was being used in the EEA. We’ll use one of these safeguards:
Transfer it to a non-EEA country with privacy laws that give the same protection as the EEA.
Put in place a contract with the recipient that means they must protect it to the same standards as the EEA.
Transfer it to organisations that are part of the Privacy Shield. This is a framework that sets privacy standards for data sent between the US and EU countries. It makes sure those standards are similar to what is used within the EEA.
How long we keep your personal information
We will keep your personal information for as long as you are a customer of LapSafe® Self-Service Solutions Ltd.
After you stop being a customer, we may keep your data for up to 10 years for one of these reasons:
To respond to any questions or complaints
Critical product updates
We may keep your data for longer than 10 years if it relates to a product where we give a lifetime warranty. We may also keep it for research or statistical purposes. If we do, we will make sure that your privacy is protected and only use it for those purposes.
If you complete a form on our website without becoming a customer, we will keep this data for 2 years for one of the following reasons:
For our information and future reference
To respond to any questions or complaints
How to get a copy of your personal information
You can request access to any personal data held by us by emailing data@lapsafe.com or by putting their request in writing to the Data Protection Officer and posting to:
LapSafe® Self-Service Solutions
3 Wakes Hall Business Centre
Colchester Road
Wakes Colne
Colchester
Essex
CO6 2DY
United Kingdom
Email Marketing
LapSafe® has a strict email marketing policy and you will only receive emails from us if you have given us consent to do so (opted-in).
We have separate marketing email campaigns that can be selected so you only receive what is right for you and these can be updated at any time by clicking on the link in one of the emails or emailing data@lapsafe.com
You also have the right to unsubscribe from receiving all marketing emails from LapSafe® this can be done by clicking unsubscribe in one of our emails or email us directly data@lapsafe.com
What if you want us to stop using your personal information?
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information, or to ask us to delete, remove, or stop using your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as the ‘right to object’ and ‘right to erasure’, or the ‘right to be forgotten’.
There may be legal or other official reasons why we need to keep or use your data. Please tell us if you think that we should not be using it.
You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal information if:
It is not accurate
It has been used unlawfully but you don’t want us to delete it
It is no longer relevant
You have already asked us to stop using your data, but you are waiting for us to tell you if we are allowed to keep on using it
If you want to object to how we use your data or ask us to delete it or restrict how we use it, please contact us (details below).
How to complain
Please let us know if you are unhappy with how we have used your personal information. You can contact us by using the contact information here
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Find out on their website how to report a concern.
Contact us
data@lapsafe.com
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Find out on their website how to report a concern.
FAO: Data Protection Officer
LapSafe® Self-Service Solutions
3 Wakes Hall Business Centre
Colchester Road
Wakes Colne
Colchester
Essex
CO6 2DY
United Kingdom
Denise Crouch
Data Protection Officer
Document Reference: LAPSF256_07032018_V1