http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/tsrs_comments090605.html
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
Federal Bureau of Investigation AAG/A Order No. 005-2005
Privacy Act of 1974; Notice to Establish System of Records
AAG/A Order No. 006-2005
Proposed Rule
Terrorist Screening Records System
COMMENTS OF THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER By notice published on July 28, 2005, the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI")
established a system of records, the Terrorist Screening Records System ("TSRS"),
to encompass the government's consolidated terrorist watch list information,
operational support records, and records related to complaints or inquiries.1
The
same day, the FBI published a notice that exempts the TSRS from numerous Privacy
Act requirements.2 Pursuant to these notices, the Electronic Privacy Information Center ("EPIC")
submits these comments to address the substantial privacy issues raised by
government watch lists and other information contained in this new system of
records; to request that the Bureau extend this public comment period until
the government is willing to make more information about the TSRS available
to the public; to request that the FBI substantially revise its Privacy Act
notice prior to implementation of the new system of records; and to urge the
agency to delay the implementation of this system until crucial due process
and privacy issues have been addressed.
According to the Bureau, the TSRS will contain classified and unclassified
information about known or suspected terrorists, individuals who are screened
by the Terrorist Screening Center ("TSC") as possible watch list
matches, individuals who are misidentified as watch list matches, individuals
who submit redress inquiries, and information about encounters with all of
these individuals.3 As
envisioned, the system will be used to make important determinations about
individuals, such as whether they may fly on airplanes, enter the United States,
obtain United States citizenship, or be arrested.4 Despite
its potential impact on the lives of millions of citizens, the system is likely
to contain inaccurate, incomplete, untimely, irrelevant and unnecessary information.
In addition, citizens may not be able to access or correct this information,
and they will have no judicially enforceable right of redress for negative
determinations made on the basis of the information in this system. Furthermore,
neither the FBI nor agencies that use TSRS information have yet identified
effective redress procedures to ensure that innocent citizens are not improperly
flagged again and again. In short, the TSRS is exactly
the sort of records system Congress intended to prohibit when it enacted the
Privacy Act of 1974.5
Introduction The Terrorist Screening Center ("TSC") is a multi-agency effort
spearheaded by the FBI that has been tasked with consolidating several watch
lists into a single database.6
The
purpose of the TSC is to enhance the government's ability to "protect
the people, property, and territory of the United States against acts of terrorism."7 As
of April 2005, the TSC's Terrorist Screening Database included information
from twelve government watch lists maintained by the Department of State, Department
of Homeland Security ("DHS"), Department of Justice, FBI, Marshals
Service, Department of Defense, and the Air Force.8 Two watch lists that have become part of the Terrorist Screening Database
are the Department of Homeland Security's "no-fly" and "selectee"
lists,9 which
have been long known to pose misidentification problems that passengers find
difficult, if not impossible, to resolve.10 Although
the public does not know—based upon the FBI’s TSRS notices—all
the ways in which the consolidated watch list may be used, it is expected to
be a central feature of Secure Flight, the Transportation Security Administration's
proposed air passenger prescreening program that will "screen" tens
of millions of citizens.11
The
U.S. Supreme Court has long recognized that citizens enjoy a constitutional
right to travel. Thus, in Saenz v. Roe,
the Court noted that the "'constitutional right to travel from one
State to another' is
firmly embedded in our jurisprudence." 12 For
that reason, any governmental initiative that conditions the ability to travel
upon the surrender of privacy rights requires particular scrutiny. This concern
is particularly relevant to the use of watch list information in the context
of aviation security. When the Department of Justice Inspector General issued
a report on the Terrorist Screening Center in June 2005, he concluded that the
system presented major concerns about, among other things, data accuracy and
completeness.13
When
it enacted the Privacy Act in 1974, Congress sought to restrict the amount
of personal information that federal agencies could collect and, significantly,
required agencies to be transparent in their information practices.14 The
Privacy Act is intended "to promote accountability, responsibility, legislative
oversight, and open government with respect to the use of computer technology
in the personal information systems and data banks of the Federal Government[.]" 15 Adherence
to these requirements is critical for a system like the TSRS.
Unfortunately,
the FBI's exemption-heavy Privacy Act notice, along with a complete lack
of responsiveness to requests for information under Freedom of Information
Act ("FOIA"),
shows that the FBI and other agencies involved in providing information to
the TSC continue to fall short of such accountability and transparency in the
creation and maintenance of anti-terrorism watch lists.
I.
The FBI Has Thwarted Public Scrutiny of Watch Lists and the Terrorist Screening Center Under the Freedom of Information Act
As an initial matter, we note the lack of public disclosure concerning the
system of records at issue in this proceeding. Last year, EPIC submitted a
FOIA request to the FBI for information about the use of the Terrorist Screening
Database within the proposed Secure Flight program. Almost a year and two lawsuits
later, EPIC continues to experience tremendous difficulty gathering meaningful
information from the FBI through the FOIA about the government's
most recent passenger prescreening initiative and the use of watch lists in
that program.
On September 30, 2004, EPIC submitted a FOIA request to the FBI
asking for information about the maintenance and administration of the Terrorist
Screening Database in the context of Secure Flight.16 EPIC
noted the substantial public interest in the issue, and noted the urgency for
the public to learn as much as possible about Secure Flight prior to the expiration
of a comment period during which the public could provide feedback on the Secure
Flight proposal. The Bureau denied EPIC's request, claiming that EPIC failed
to adequately justify the need for the information's
quick release.17 In
response to the FBI’s denial, EPIC filed suit and sought an order requiring
the Bureau to process and release the documents immediately.18 The
very next day, the FBI voluntarily granted expedited processing of EPIC's
request, which rendered EPIC's
lawsuit moot.19
When the FBI failed to respond to EPIC's request by December, EPIC filed
a second lawsuit and motion for a preliminary injunction to force the agency
to release the documents EPIC had requested.20 EPIC
agreed to withdraw the motion in exchange for the FBI's promise to release
the requested documents by March 1, 2005. The FBI then identified 887 pages
of material responsive to EPIC's
request, releasing only 132 heavily redacted pages. Four months later, the
FBI informed EPIC that it had failed to conduct a full search for the records,
and that it had improperly withheld material on national security and proprietary
grounds. To date, the Bureau continues to resist disclosure of relevant material.
The Bureau's refusal to release responsive information about the use of
watch list information in the Secure Flight program prior to the close of this
comment period frustrates the ability of the public to submit meaningful, well-informed
comments in response to these notices. In order for this notice and comment
period to be anything other than a perfunctory exercise, the time for comment
should be extended until the Bureau and other agencies are willing to release
more substantial information about the consolidated watch list and its use
in programs such as Secure Flight.
II. The FBI's TSRS Proposal Contravenes the Intent of the Privacy
Act
The Privacy Act was intended to guard citizens' privacy interests against
government intrusion. Congress found that "the privacy of an individual
is directly affected by the collection, maintenance, use, and dissemination of
personal information by Federal agencies," and recognized that "the
right to privacy is a personal and fundamental right protected by the Constitution
of the United States."21 It
thus sought to "provide certain protections for an individual against an
invasion of personal privacy" by establishing a set of procedural and substantive
rights.22 As
we detail below, the exemptions claimed by the FBI for the TSRS are thoroughly
inconsistent with the purpose and intent of the Privacy Act.
As an initial matter, we note that the FBI has invoked 5 U.S.C. §§ 552a(j)(2),
(k)(1), and (k)(2) as authority for its exemption of specific Privacy Act requirements.
Subsection (k)(2) is applicable only where the system of records is "investigatory
material compiled for law enforcement purposes."
The subsection provides,
however, that "if
any individual is denied any right, privilege, or benefit that he would otherwise
be entitled by Federal law, or for which he would otherwise be eligible, as
a result of the maintenance of such material, such material shall be provided
to such individual[.]"
Given that the Bureau seeks to exempt the TSRS system of records from the
Privacy Act's access provisions, as we discuss in detail below, it is unclear
whether subsection (k)(2) authorizes the FBI's
action. As such, we urge the Bureau to explain more fully how subsection (k)(2)
provides the authority to exempt the system of records from the various Privacy
Act provisions the agency cites.
We also question whether the FBI's invocation of exemptions is procedurally
and substantively sound. The legislative history of the Privacy Act suggests
it is not:
Once the agency head determines that he has information legitimately in one
of his information systems which falls within these definitions [of exemptable
categories] then he must, via the rulemaking process, determine that application
of the challenge, access and disclosure provisions would "seriously damage
or impede the purpose for which the information is maintained." The Committee
intends that this public rulemaking process would involve candid discussion
of the general type of information that the agency maintains which it feels
falls within these definitions and the reasons why access, challenge or disclosure
would "seriously damage" the
purpose of the maintenance of the information. The Committee hastens to point
out that even if the agency head can legitimately make such a finding he can
only exempt the information itself or classes of such information . . . and
not a whole filing system simply because intelligence or investigative information
is commingled with information and files which should be legitimately subject
to the access, challenge and disclosure provisions.23
The FBI's notice does not appear to be the kind of "rulemaking" that
Congress envisioned. Though the FBI has cited reasons for claiming Privacy
Act exemptions, it has not explained why it has determined that the application
of standard Privacy Act procedures would "seriously damage" the
purpose of the system of records. In addition, the application of the claimed
exemptions to the entire system of records is clearly inappropriate,
as it will obviously contain information "which should be legitimately
subject to the access, challenge and disclosure provisions."24 The
Bureau must cure these defects before implementing the TSRS system of records. A.
The FBI's TSRS Proposal Permits the Collection and Maintenance of
Inaccurate, Untimely, Incomplete, Irrelevant, and Unnecessary Information
The TSC is required to "develop and maintain, to the extent permitted
by law, the most thorough, accurate, and current information possible about
individuals" related
to terrorism.25 It
is thus incredible that the FBI has exempted the TSRS from the fundamental
Privacy Act requirement that it "maintain all records which are used by
the agency in making any determination about any individual with such accuracy,
relevance, timeliness, and completeness as is reasonably necessary to assure
fairness to the individual in the determination."26 To
make matters worse, the FBI has also exempted the system from the obligation
that an agency "maintain in its records only such information about an
individual as is relevant and necessary" to achieve a stated purpose required
by Congress or the President.27 Such
open-ended, haphazard data collection plainly contradicts the objectives of
the Privacy Act and raises serious questions concerning the potential impact
of the TSC screening process on millions of law-abiding citizens.
The TSC's refusal to ensure the accuracy of the data in the TSRS is particularly
troubling in light of evidence that the consolidated watch list has been found
to be rife with inaccuracies. The Department of Justice Inspector General reported
in June 2005 that
our review of the consolidated watch list identified a variety of issues
that contribute to weaknesses in the completeness and accuracy of the data,
including variances in the record counts between [two versions of the Terrorist
Screening Database], duplicate records, missing or inappropriate handling
instructions or categories, missing records, and inconsistencies in identifying
information between TSDB and source records."28
Furthermore, a TSC official informed the Government Accountability Office
that approximately 4,800 individuals' records had been purged from the consolidated
watch list as of December 2004, presumably because they did not belong there.29 Though
the Inspector General's report indicated that the TSC has taken steps
to improve data accuracy,30 it
is unclear that the Terrorist Screening Database's problems have been
fully resolved.
As OMB noted in its guidelines for Privacy Act implementation, "[t]he
objective of [requiring agencies to maintain reasonable data quality] is to
minimize, if not eliminate, the risk that an agency will make an adverse determination
about an individual on the basis of inaccurate, incomplete, irrelevant, or
out-of-date records that it maintains."31 Maintaining
the most accurate possible data is unquestionably a critical goal for the TSRS,
since a false negative match to the consolidated watch list could fail to detect
a known a terrorist, while a false positive match could erroneously label an
innocent citizen a terrorist. The Bureau should therefore observe the Privacy
Act's accuracy requirements as carefully as possible, rather than exempt
itself from the responsibility to maintain accurate records.
Furthermore, in adopting the Privacy Act, Congress was clear in its belief
that the government should not collect and store data without a specific, limited
purpose. The "relevant and necessary" provision
reaffirms the basic principles
of good management and public administration by assuring that the kinds
of information about people which an agency seeks to gather or solicit and
the criteria in programs for investigating people are judged by an official
at the highest level to be relevant to the needs of the agency as dictated
by statutes . . . . This section is designed to assure observance of basic
principles of privacy and due process by requiring that where an agency delves
into an area of personal privacy in the course of meeting government’s
needs, its actions may not be arbitrary[.]32
As OMB declared in its Privacy Act guidelines, "[t]he authority to maintain
a system of records does not give the agency the authority to maintain any
information which it deems useful."33 The
Privacy Act's "relevant and necessary" provision thus seeks
to protect individuals from overzealous, arbitrary and unnecessary data collection.
It embodies the common sense principle that government data collection is likely
to spiral out of control unless it is limited to only that information which
is likely to advance the government's stated (and legally authorized)
objective. Like the FBI's other deviations from customary Privacy Act
requirements, the "relevant and necessary" exemption will serve only
to increase the likelihood that the TSRS will become an error-filled, invasive
repository of all sorts of information bearing no relationship to terrorist
screening. The Bureau should be particularly sensitive to this issue because
the maintenance of information that is neither relevant nor necessary to achieve
the TSC’s stated goals encourages "mission creep"— the
tendency of government agencies to expand the use of personal information beyond
the purpose for which it was initially collected. It is crucial that the FBI
strictly limit the use of collected information to the Terrorist Screening
Center's
core mission.
B.
The TSRS Fails to Provide Meaningful Citizen Access to Personal Information and Correction of Inaccurate Data
In its notice, the FBI has exempted the TSRS from important Privacy Act provisions
guaranteeing citizens the right to access records containing information about
them. The Privacy Act provides, among other things, that an individual may
request access to records an agency maintains about him or her.34
In
lieu of the statutory, judicially enforceable right of access provided by the
Act, the Bureau instead states that requests for access to non-exempt records
may be mailed to the Record Information Dissemination Office.35 No
timelines are specified for the procedure, and the process is left entirely
to the agency's discretion. The FBI's
weak access provisions are in direct conflict with the purposes of the Privacy
Act, which sought to provide citizens with an enforceable right of access to
personal information maintained by government agencies.
Companion and complementary
to the right to access information is the right to correct it. Unfortunately,
the FBI's notice establishes a system that also fails to provide the ability
to amend or correct inaccurate, irrelevant, untimely and incomplete records.
The agency has exempted the TSRS from the Privacy Act requirements that define
the government's obligation to allow citizens to challenge the accuracy
of information contained in their records, such as an agency's
obligation to correct identified inaccuracies promptly, and the requirement
that an agency make notes of requested amendments within the records.36
The rights of access and correction were central to what Congress sought
to achieve through the Privacy Act:
The committee believes that this provision
is essential to achieve an important objective of the legislation: Ensuring
that individuals know what Federal records are maintained about them and have
the opportunity to correct those records. The provision should also encourage
fulfillment of another important objective: maintaining government records
about individuals with such accuracy, relevance, timeliness, and completeness
as is reasonably necessary to assure fairness to individuals in making determinations
about them.37
Instead of the judicially enforceable right to correction set forth
in the Privacy Act,38 the
FBI has established its own discretionary procedure for individuals to contest
the accuracy of their records.39 The
FBI's Federal Register notices explain the agency has the discretion to correct
erroneous information upon an individual's request, but the agency has
no obligation to do so. This correction process offers a token nod to the principles
embodied in the Privacy Act, but does not provide a meaningful avenue to pursue
correction and is subject to change at the FBI's
whim.
Disturbingly, the Bureau's notice goes on to disclaim responsibility for
handling complaints from individuals who have screening difficulty believed
to be due to inaccurate information maintained by the TSC:
If individuals . . . are experiencing repeated delays or difficulties during
a government screening process and believe that this might be related to terrorist
watch list information, they may contact the Federal agency that is conducting
the screening process in question. . . . The TSC assists the screening agency
in resolving any screening complaints that may relate to terrorist watch list
information, but does not receive or respond to individual complaints directly.40
In addition, the TSC previously made clear that it has no intention of establishing
an ombudsman's office to address redress issues, explaining "[t]he
ombudsman function will be at the nominating agency level."41
There will, therefore, be no recourse available to individuals misidentified
as watch list matches, given that agencies using the database (such as the
Transportation Security Administration) have also failed to establish effective
redress processes for citizens adversely affected by watch list screening procedures.
According to a report from the GAO, "TSA has not yet clearly defined how
it plans to implement its redress process for Secure Flight, such as how errors,
if identified, will be corrected[.]"42 Furthermore,
according to the GAO,
TSA does not control the content of the terrorist screening database that
it intends to use as the primary input in making screening decisions, and will
have to reach a detailed agreement with the TSC outlining a process for correcting
erroneous information in the terrorist screening database. Until TSA and TSC
reach an agreement, it will remain difficult to determine whether redress under
Secure Flight will be an improvement over the process currently used or if
it will provide passengers with a reasonable opportunity to challenge and correct
erroneous information contained in the system.43
It
is not clear whether the problems identified by the GAO have been solved. The
TSRS should not be used to make determinations about individuals until redress
concerns are thoroughly addressed and resolved, both by the TSC and by agencies
that use TSRS information for screening purposes. Finally, the Bureau exempts
the TSRS from the Privacy Act provision allowing individuals to bring civil
actions against the agency if it fails to observe Privacy Act requirements,44 underscoring
the fact that there is no right to judicial review of the FBI's determinations.
The agency presents no explanation why judicially enforceable Privacy Act correction
procedures would be inappropriate in the context of the TSRS. Denying citizens
the right to ensure that the system contains accurate, relevant, timely and
complete records will increase the probability that the consolidated watch
list will be an error-prone, ineffective means of singling out individuals
as they seek to exercise a variety of rights and privileges.
C.
The Broad
"Routine Uses" of the Terrorist Screening Records System Will Exacerbate the
System's
Privacy Problems
The Bureau's notice identifies eleven categories of "routine uses" of
personal information that will be collected and maintained in the TSRS, and
allows for an additional ten "blanket routine uses" that
apply to this and a number of other FBI systems of records.45 While
some of these categories are clearly related to law enforcement and intelligence
efforts to combat terrorism, others are so broad as to permit the FBI to disclose
TSRS information to virtually anyone at the agency's sole discretion.
In addition to law enforcement entities, the FBI anticipates that, under certain
circumstances, it may disclose TSRS information to, among others:
"owners/operators of critical infrastructure and their agents,
contractors or representatives";46 professional licensure authorities;47 "the news media or members of the general public in furtherance
of a legitimate law enforcement or public safety function as determined by
the FBI;"48 former DOJ employees;49 and “any person or entity in either the public or private sector, domestic or foreign, where reasonably necessary to elicit information or cooperation from the recipient for use by the TSC[.]”50
Taken together, the 21 categories of "routine uses" are so broadly
drawn as to be almost meaningless, allowing for potential disclosure to virtually
any individual, company, or government agency worldwide for a vast array of
purposes.
These "routine" disclosures are particularly alarming because,
as we have shown, the information to be disclosed may well include material
that is inaccurate, irrelevant and unnecessary to any legitimate counterterrorism
purpose, and the information will not be subject to a meaningful redress process
even if it forms the basis for negative determinations about affected individuals.
The broad dissemination of TSRS information that the Bureau anticipates underscores
the need for full transparency (and resulting public oversight), as well as
judicially enforceable rights of access and correction.
Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, EPIC believes that the FBI must revise its Privacy
Act notice for the TSRS system to 1) provide individuals enforceable rights
of access and correction; 2) ensure the accuracy, timeliness, and completeness
of information, as well as limit the collection of information to only that
which is necessary and relevant; and 3) substantially limit the routine uses
of collected information. Further, development of the system should be suspended
until the Bureau is willing to fully disclose relevant information about the
program to the public, and the agency subsequently solicits informed public
comment on the privacy implications of this database.
Respectfully submitted,   David L. Sobel
General Counsel
Marcia Hofmann
Staff Counsel
ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION
CENTER
1718 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Suite 200
Washington, DC 20009
(202) 483-1140
1
Notice to Establish System of Records, 70 Fed. Reg. 43715 (July 28, 2005).
2
Proposed Rule, 70 Fed. Reg. 43661 (July 28, 2005).
3
70 Fed. Reg. 43716.
4
Id.
5
5 U.S.C. § 552a.
6
Congressional Research Service, RL32366, Terrorist Identification, Screening, and Tracking Under Homeland Security Presidential Directive 6 2 (Apr. 21, 2004).
7
The White House, Homeland Security Presidential Directive/HSPD-6, Integration and Use of Screening Information (Sept. 16, 2003), http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2003/09/20030916-5.html.
8
Department of Justice,
Inspector General, Audit Division, Audit Report No. 05-27, Review of the
Terrorist Screening Center iii (June 2005) (hereinafter "Inspector General
Report").
9
Id. at 8.
10
In 2002, EPIC obtained
through the Freedom of Information Act dozens of complaint letters sent to
TSA by irate passengers who felt they had been incorrectly identified for
additional security or were denied boarding because of the "selectee" and
"no fly" watch lists.
The complaints describe the bureaucratic maze
passengers encounter if they happen to be mistaken for individuals on the
list, as well as the difficulty they encounter trying to exonerate themselves.
Documents recently obtained from TSA show that passengers still experience
these problems.
See EPIC, Documents
Show Errors in TSA’s "No-Fly" Watchlist, http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/foia/watchlist_foia_analysis.html
(last accessed Sept. 5, 2005).
11
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records: Secure Flight Test Records; Privacy Impact Assessment; Secure Flight Test Phase, 70 Fed. Reg. 36320 (June 22, 2005).
12
526 U.S. 489 (1999), quoting United States v. Guest, 383 U.S. 745 (1966).
13
Inspector General Report, supra note 8, at 66-67.
14
S. Rep. No. 93-1183, at 1 (1974).
15
Id.
16
Letter from Marcia Hofmann, Staff Counsel, EPIC, to David M. Hardy, Chief, Record/Information Dissemination Section, Records Management Division, FBI, Sept. 30, 2004 (on file with EPIC).
17
Letter from David M. Hardy, Chief, Record/Information Dissemination Section, Records Management Division, FBI, to Marcia Hofmann, Staff Counsel, EPIC, Oct. 1, 2004 (on file with EPIC).
18
Motion for a Temporary
Restraining Order and Preliminary Injunction, Electronic Privacy Information
Center v. Dep't of Justice, C.A. 04-1736 (D.D.C. 2004 HHK).
19
Letter from David M.
Hardy, Chief, Record/Information Dissemination Section, Records Management
Division, FBI, to Marcia Hofmann, Staff Counsel, EPIC, Oct. 13, 2004 (on
file with EPIC); Order, Electronic Privacy Information Center v. Dep't
of Justice, C.A. 04-1736 (D.D.C. 2004 HHK).
20
Motion for a Preliminary
Injunction, Electronic Privacy Information Center v. Dep't of Justice,
C.A. 04-2164 (D.D.C. 2004 HHK).
21
Pub. L. No. 93-579 (1974).
22
Id.
23
S. Rep. No. 93-3418, at 75 (1974).
24
See also Privacy
Act Implementation: Guidelines and Responsibilities, 40 Fed. Reg. 28948,
28972 (Office of Management and Budget July 9, 1975) (hereinafter "OMB Guidelines")
("agencies should, wherever practicable, segregate those portions of
systems for which an exemption is considered necessary so as to hold to the
minimum the amount of material which is exempted").
25
Memorandum of Understanding on the Integration and Use of Screening Information to Protect Against Terrorism 1 (Sept. 16, 2003).
26
5 U.S.C. § 552(a)(e)(5).
27
5 U.S.C. § 552a(e)(1); 70 Fed. Reg. 43661.
28
Inspector General Report, supra note 8, at 66.
29
Government Accountability
Office, GAO-05-356, Aviation Security: Secure Flight Development and Testing
Under Way, but Risks Should Be Managed as System Is Further Developed 31
(March 2005) (hereinafter "GAO Report").
30
Inspector General Report, supra note 8, at 115-128.
31
OMB Guidelines at 28964.
32
S. Rep. No. 93-3418, at 47 (1974).
33
OMB Guidelines at 28960.
34
5 U.S.C. § 552a(d)(1). Individuals generally have the right to seek judicial review to enforce the statutory right of access provided by the Act under 5 U.S.C. § 552a(g), but the FBI has exempted the TSRS from this provision, as well.
35
70 Fed. Reg. 43717.
36
5 U.S.C. § 552a(d)(4).
37
H.R. Rep. No. 93-1416, at 15 (1974).
38
5 U.S.C. § 552a(g)(1).
39
70 Fed. Reg. 43717.
40
70 Fed. Reg. 43718.
41
Inspector General Report, supra note 8, app. IV at 97.
42
GAO Report, supra note 29, at 7.
43
Id. at 58.
44
5 U.S.C. § 552a(g).
45
70 Fed. Reg. 43716-43717;
Privacy Act of 1974; System of Records Notice, 66 Fed. Reg. 33558, 33559-33560 (June 22, 2001).
46
70 Fed. Reg. 43716.
47
70 Fed. Reg. 43717.
48
66 Fed. Reg. 33559.
49
66 Fed. Reg. 33560.
50
70 Fed. Reg. 43717.
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
September 6, 2005
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/airtravel/tsrs_comments090605.html