http://www.date-conference.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement | DATE 2021
Skip to main content
Virtual Conference and Exhibition, 1-5 February 2021
User account menu
Log in
Design, Automation and Test in Europe Conference
Call for Papers
Submission Instructions
Authors' Guidelines for Camera-Ready Submission of Accepted Papers
Multi-Partner Innovative Research Projects - Call for Papers
PhD Forum - Call for Submissions
Overview
Exhibition
Multi-Partner Innovative Research Projects
Exhibition Theatre
University Booth
Exhibitors & Sponsors
Programme
Monday Tutorials
PhD Forum & Welcome Reception
Proceedings
Exhibition Theatre
Friday Workshops
Fringe Meetings & Co-Located Workshops
DATE Past Events
Young People Program
BarCamp @ DATE
Career Fair – Call for Submissions
Committees
DEC - DATE Executive Committee
DEC Area
TPC - DATE Technical Programme Committee
TPC Rules
DATE Fellows
DSC - DATE Sponsors Committee
Press
Press - Download - Section
Taking into consideration the continued erratic development of the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic and the accompanying restrictions of worldwide travelling as well as the safety and health of the DATE community, the Organising Committees decided to host DATE 2021 as a virtual conference in early February 2021. Unfortunately, the current situation does not allow a face-to-face conference in Grenoble, France.
The Organising Committees are working intensively to create a virtual conference that gives as much of a real conference atmosphere as possible. Industry Partners will soon be informed about virtual exhibition and sponsorship opportunities.
Updated information will always be available on this page.
Breadcrumb
Home
»
Privacy Statement
»
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
DATE (Design, Automation and Test in Europe) is an annual Conference and Exhibition event, organised by EDAA vzw on behalf of all the sponsors of the event. The sponsors are EDAA vzw, IEEE, ACM, EDS Alliance, RAS and ECSI.
This privacy statement is in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR 2016/679) and with the privacy policies of all DATE sponsors. The statement explains how the DATE conference, DATE exhibition, volunteers and employees of subcontractors working for the Date event (hereafter collectively referred to as “DATE”), collect, use, maintain and disclose information from participants in the yearly event and from visitors of the DATE website (https://www.date-conference.com)
What information do we collect?
Personal data processed by DATE may include:
first name and surname
address, telephone numbers, e-mail address
copies of identification documents
information on your educational or professional background
your organisation (company, school, university, etc.)
IP address, Cookies
other information that you have provided, either in writing, by filling out forms or during conversations or contacts that you have with DATE representatives.
DATE will not process any sensitive or special category of personal data. DATE will not process any personal data on children.
How do we collect your personal data?
DATE processes personal data that have been provided by you directly to DATE or that have been obtained by DATE while providing you with information that has been requested by you or by your organisation.
Some parts of DATE websites may ask you to submit personal data to benefit from specified features. You may also submit personal data through the “Contact” section of such a site.
As you visit the DATE website, certain personal data can be collected by us.
How do we use your personal data?
Your personal data will be used by DATE, or by service providers acting on behalf of DATE, to provide you with information that you have shown interest in or that you have requested from DATE. Personal data can also be used to provide you with information concerning DATE.
DATE has entered into processing agreements with third party service providers that process personal data on its behalf. These processing agreements contain the same level of guarantees with regard to the use and security of personal data as the level of guarantees DATE is providing in this privacy statement. DATE remains responsible for the processing of personal data by service providers acting on its behalf.
Your personal data will not be transferred for use by third parties except by service providers who are acting on behalf of DATE.
DATE will not export any personal data outside the European Union and will not allow any provider acting on its behalf to export any personal data outside the European Union if such export is not covered by an EU adequacy decision. An EU adequacy decision guarantees a level of protection that is essentially equivalent to the protection offered in the European General Data Protection Regulation.
DATE will not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us via our website. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the website or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
How do we handle third party websites?
You may find advertising or other content on our website that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
How do we handle advertising?
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to you by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. You may learn more about opting out of major ad networks at https://websitebuilders.com/tools/advertiser-opt-out/.
How do we handle web browser cookies?
Our site may use "cookies" to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.
What else are we using?
Our website uses plug-ins (e.g. to follow social networks), and special apps (e.g.to analyze the use of our site). By doing so we want to optimize the return you get when visiting our site. We have checked that the use of these apps and plug-ins is in accordance with GDPR.
What are your rights with regard to your personal data?
You can request details of the personal data that we are holding on you. In order to do so, DATE provides you with the opportunity to access your personal data to check the details of the data we are holding on you and to keep this information accurate and up-to-date.
If at any time you would like DATE to stop using your personal data, you can send a request for doing this to privacydate-conference [dot] com.
Questions and Complaints
If you have any other question or if you are concerned by an alleged breach of privacy law or any other regulation by DATE, you can contact DATE at privacydate-conference [dot] com
If you are not satisfied with the way in which DATE handles your complaint, you have the possibility to complain to the Belgian Privacy Commission with following contact details:
Drukpersstraat 35
1000 Brussel
Belgium
fon +32 2 274 48 00
fax +32 2 274 48 35
commissionprivacycommission [dot] be
Footer menu
Privacy Statement
F.A.Q.
Copyright Information