https://www.steelcloud.com/privacy-policy-2/
skip to Main Content
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Filter by Categories
Article
Article
Collateral
Collateral
Events
Events
Homepage
Homepage
Press Release
Press Release
Uncategorized
Uncategorized
Video
Video
Webinar
Webinar
More results...
Contact:
TwitterFacebookLinkedInYoutube
PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?
You may visit our site anonymously. However, we will collect information from you when you request a demo, fill out a form, submit customer support ticket, and or register for a webcast.
When requesting additional information or registering on our site, we will collect the following information:
Contact information (such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number).
We also automatically gather non-personal information about your visit, such as your IP address, browser type, any entry or exit pages, and operating system.
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website: We constantly strive to improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service: Your information helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more effectively.
To process transactions: Your information is necessary to provide information on new product release updates.
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, or fulfillment of special requests.
Opt-Out: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving newsletters or marketing emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We will share your personal information with third parties only as indicated in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may also share your personal information as appropriate to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property, or to protect your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or to respond to a U.S. government request.
How do we protect your information?
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Your personal information provided to us via email is stored on an email server with industry standard access controls applied. Non-personal information is stored on the web server that hosts this site, and is also protected with industry standard access controls.
No method of transmission over the Internet of electronic storage is 100% secure, however, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our site, please contact us at info@steelcloud.com
Do we use cookies or other tracking technologies?
Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies within the website. The use of any cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy, as we do not have access to or control over these cookies.
Web beacons, or single-pixel gifs, are used by companies to help analyze how a website is used or in emails to know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. We use web beacons.
Children’s Privacy
Our site caters to a general audience. We do not intend to market to or knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. However, since we do not ask our visitors for age-related information, we cannot determine the age of a visitor to our site or the sender of an email.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline or that may be collected through any software downloaded from the site.
Your Consent
By using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions contained in this privacy policy. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, you should not use this site or any of SteelCloud’s software, benefits, or services offered hereby. You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this privacy statement will be governed by the laws of the State of Virginia. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this privacy statement or your access to or use of this site shall be instituted solely in a state or federal court in the State of Virginia. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of these courts.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 03/03/2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
SteelCloud LLC
20110 Ashbrook Place
Suite 170
Ashburn, VA 20147
703.674.5500
info@steelcloud.com
Learn more about how we can automate your
STIG and CIS Compliance!
Schedule A Demo
Copyright SteelCloud LLC. 2020 - All Rights Reserved
Home
About
ConfigOS-Cybersecurity
Resources
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Steelcloud.com uses cookies to improve your experience. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy
Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Home
OUR PRODUCT
Solutions
CMMC
RMF Risk MGT Framework
NIST 800-171
Cloud Migration
Air-Gapped Labs
Classified
DevOps
Tactical
CDM
DoD
Civilian & Intel Agencies
System Integrators & Contractors
Software Tech Vendors
Commercial Organizations
State & Local Government
Training & Support
Customer Portal
Submit A Support Request Ticket
Training FAQs
Support Announcements
SteelCloud Collateral
Resources
About
Contact Us
Schedule70
Schedule A Demo