http://www.idc.com/about/termsofuse
Terms of Use
This site and all content,materials, information and services, provided on this site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. IDC endeavors to provide information that is accurate. However, IDC expressly disclaims any and all warranties, including but not limited to any warranties as to the accuracy and completeness of any information provided.
External Links: For the convenience of our users, some IDC/Insights Web pages may provide links to other Internet sites. IDC does not endorse, warrant, or guarantee the products, services, or information described or offered, and is not responsible for the availability or content of these sites. Further, users cannot assume that the external sites will abide by the same Privacy Policy to which IDC adheres. Users should therefore review the external site's privacy policy to learn how information provided to the external site may be used and/or shared.
IDC encourages its clients to use IDC data and
market intelligence for internal information and communications purposes.
The use of graphics
and the quotation of individual sentences and paragraphs in your company's
internal documents and communications does not require permission from
IDC, but it must provide the following attribution, "Source: IDC." The
use of large portions or the reproduction of IDC documents in their entirety
requires prior written approval and may involve some financial consideration
(see Reprints).
IDC does not allow its name or logo to be used in the promotion of products
and services. External reproduction of IDC content in any form is forbidden
without IDC's express written permission. External promotion and usage
covers sublicensing, leasing, selling, or offering for sale IDC content,
as well as any public display, including but not limited to:
Advertising
Press releases or media alerts
Promotional materials and collateral
Web sites, bulletin board postings,
and online services
External presentations
Accordingly, information (research and analysis)
contained on this server may not be copied or posted on any network
computer or other broadcast
media. Copying and/or modifying the information, in whole or in part,
is expressly prohibited. Linking back to information at idc.com does
not require permission.
Written Permission
If you wish to quote IDC in an ad, press release, or other promotional
material, contact IDC. Please provide a sample documenting the intended
use of the information via email to permissions@idc.com. This will
enable IDC to ensure accuracy, currency, and proper context.
Citation Policy
When using IDC content or data, you must provide the following attribution, "Source:
IDC."