https://www.darkseaweb.com/privacy-policy/
Homepage
Profile
Services
Web Design
Internet marketing
Social Media
Commercial Web Hosting
Domain Name Purchase
Portfolio
Testimonials
Resources
How to search the Internet
Internet terms explained
PC Crashes, Virus Problems
Web Help for PC Problems
Shopping & hobby websites
Fun websites
Contact
Blog
We are committed to ensuring the protection of your privacy when you visit this website. If you provide us with information by which you can be personally identified, it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Personal Information
No personal information is collected via this website. Traffic log cookies (via Google Analytics) is the only information gathering measure utilised in this website. See the Cookies section below for more details. Note: If you send an email containing personal information, that information would only be used for the purpose of responding to your query and for no other purpose.
Controlling personal information
We warrant that we will not sell, distribute or lease any personal information to third parties unless we have permission or are required by law to do so. We will ensure that any personal information given to us is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation. Any information given to us will be processed for limited purposes only and not kept for any longer than is necessary. For more information on the General Data Protection Regulation please visit https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email.  If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. The Data Controller of this website and Data Protection Officer is Mrs S. Caudle – email: admin@darkseaweb.com.
Security Of Communication & Geographical Location Of Data Transference
Data exchanged between this website and its users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. The information you provide to us via this website may be transferred to or stored in countries outside of the EU. For example, if any of our service providers or servers are located in a country outside of the EU. Such countries may not have the same data protection regulations as the UK and EU. If your information is transferred outside of the EU in such a way, we will try to ensure that your personal information is controlled on a similar basis to ourselves as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. These web applications may include Google Analytics, Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn and Pinterest. A web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
In this website we may use traffic log cookies via Google Analytics to identify which pages are being used, to analyse web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. For more information about cookies set by Google Analytics please visit https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?csw=1
Generally speaking cookies help us to provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful, which you do not and how you came to visit the website. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This, however, may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.  If you continue to use this website, we will assume that you are happy to accept the cookies referred to above. For more information about cookies please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave this website, you should take note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We may change this policy from time to time and you are at liberty to check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was first effective from 26 April 2018, updated 1 January 2020.
Testimonial
We have worked with Dark Sea Web for over 15 years and have found the team to be highly professional and skilled in both design and international marketing. Totally dedicated to achieving only the pinnacle of success for their clients.
Frimatec UK
Contact Us
Dark Sea Web Design
e-mailinfo@darkseaweb.com
Terms of Use ~ Privacy Policy
EmailLinkedIn
Testimonial
Our website and marketing strategies have been developed and implemented working closely with Dark Sea Web and it is without doubt their expertise and hard work that has had a very profound effect on our ever increasing sales.
Advanced Perimeter Systems