http://www.unitspeed.com/terms/privacy.html
Privacy Policy / Data Protection Policy (GDPR)
Information Collection and Use
Below is a UnitSpeed ??Host (CVR / SE No. 19849538/12157924) Privacy Policy / Data Protection Policy applicable to the collection and use of personal information for purchases, repairs and other inquiries. If you have questions about data protection policy, customer service can be contacted (data protection officers).
Personal information registered with UnitSpeed ??Host will not be transferred, sold or made available to third parties at any time. Only transfers information to third parties depending of product type in order to perform customer purchases (domain registration etc.).
InquiriesDepending on what the person / customer's inquiry is about (phone and mail inquiry) we need to know who you are, which product you purchased and your address or your phone number. The information collected is used so that we can help you depending on what the inquiry is about.
Sales and performance of the contractDuring a purchase UnitSpeed ??Host handles name, address, postal code, city, CVR, contact person, phone number and email address. In addition, what kind of products and services you buy. This information is used solely for processing orders (eg delivery, domain registration, etc.), invoicing and return. Should problems arise with the execution of an order, UnitSpeed ??Host uses this information to contact the customer. You have additional access to view your contact information as well as update these.
The purpose of registering the information is to meet and manage our agreement with you as well as to follow up on our agreement and manage the sale, cf. the General Data Protection Regulation.
Authorities, collaborators and suppliersPersonal data may in special cases be handed over to relevant public authorities, if required by applicable legislation.
When using external suppliers / partners, personal data may be provided as contact information and possibly other relevant information (carriers, service partners, producers, etc.). Purchased a product or service provided through one of our collaborators / manufacturers (mediation) will be the data controller for the personal data processed to fulfill the purchase agreement. In these circumstances, we will act as a service provider / data processor.
Complaints and possibly repairsIf you advertise a product or want repair, we will ask for your contact information in order to handle the complaint (possibly re-submitting, returning a defective item), and repairing and keeping up with the complaint or repair.
The processing is necessary in order for us to fulfill our obligations in the agreement with the customer. Some manufacturers may require the customer to be identified for the manufacturer to approve the warranty or to perform the repair. In such cases, we will be the data processor for the manufacturer.
Payment (electronic payment)In connection with any Electronic payment is used a secure encrypted method through the webshop. In order to make payment by debit card as secure as possible, all information is sent with Secure Sockets Layer (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption. This means that the information goes through a secure connection and that your card information can not be read by outsiders. UnitSpeed ??Host collaborates with a payment gateway provider, which, through a highly encrypted connection with your bank, checks that the card is valid for purchase.
CookiesThe store system uses so-called cookies to track the contents of the shopping cart. A cookie is just the name of a file stored on your own computer. These cookies are used to recognize you and to remember which items are in the shopping cart when shopping. Cookies are also used to optimize the site and its functionality.
UnitSpeed ??Host uses IP addresses to analyze trends, manage the web page, track users, and gather demographic information so that UnitSpeed ??Host can get an overview of the total amount of visitors.
UnitSpeed ??Host will only share the total amount of demographic information with partners and advertisers. There is no connection to any personal information about each user.
If you wish to delete this information later, this can be done through the browser settings. For example, Internet Explorer is done via the "Features" menu and the menu item "Internet Options".
UnitSpeed ??Host registers the IP address from which any purchases may be made. The information usually does not apply, but can be used in any event. police investigation. The IP address is kept for as long as it is necessary in relation to a possible police investigation. All fake orders will be investigated and reported to the police.
Marketing and security updates (newsletters, safety information, etc.)We use your personal information to send you information about product updates, important product information on already purchased products and offers. However, this is provided if we have received your approval.
You can optionally get their email address recorded on a maillist list (newsletter list) so that you receive news and other information on a regular basis. This service can be enrolled and unsubscribed at any time, as desired.
Customer may not opt ??out of receiving security information and important updates about the product that the customer may use (if this is relevant for use of the product / service) UnitSpeed ??Host communicates with our customer by providing information about the product and security by email, letter or phone.
Your rightsPersonal information is linked to the customer's purchase and will usually be deleted when there is no longer any need for these (eg, answering requests, deadline for payment, warranty period expiration, etc.). Unless it is necessary to store the information for a longer period of time to meet legitimate purposes or legal requirements. In some cases it may be relevant to anonymize personal information than to delete these. Anonymization of data means deletion of all identifiers.
Upon request you have the right to know what personal information we have registered about you.
Upon request, you can ask and correct incorrect information or delete personal information. We will as far as possible respond to the request for deletion if there are no serious reasons for not deleting the information (eg legal requirements, etc.).
In order for us to enforce your rights, we ask you to confirm your identity or provide additional information. This is done to make sure that we provide access to personal information for you (and not one who may turn out to be you).
LinksThe website may contain links to other pages. Please note that UnitSpeed ??Host is not responsible for their methods of handling personal information. UnitSpeed ??Host educates all our visitors to be aware of when they leave our site and read each and every page for their methods of collecting and managing personal information.
Notification of ChangesIf UnitSpeed ??Host wishes to change the privacy policy / data protection policy, UnitSpeed ??Host will announce it on our website so our customers are always aware of what information UnitSpeed ??Host collects, how UnitSpeed ??Host uses them, etc. UnitSpeed ??Host will use the information according to personal information.