https://www.measureup.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy/
Menu
All CategoriesMicrosoftCiscoCompTIAAWSPMIVMwareOracle(ISC)2Multi VendorECCouncilGoogleGIACCERTNEXUSAll categoriesMicrosoftCiscoCompTIAAWSPMIVMwareOracle(ISC)2Multi VendorECCouncilGoogleGIACCERTNEXUSAll categoriesPromotionsBundlesCiscoUpcomingResources
Support
Partner Login
Pedagoo for Companies
Account Settings Currency USD  GBP EUR SAVE 30% OFF - Buying 3 MeasureUp Practice Tests
SAVE 30% OFF - Buying 3 MeasureUp Practice Tests
x
Home
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Last updated: Dic 20th, 2019
MeasureUp, Inc.
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
MeasureUp, Inc. has adopted the following Privacy and Cookies Policy (hereinafter “Policy”) applicable to personal information that we may receive on all websites and web pages offered by MeasureUp, Inc. that provide a link to this Policy (collectively this “Site”). We provide this Policy to help you understand what we may do with any personal information that we obtain from you and how we may use cookies and similar technologies. All references to ‘our’, ‘us’, or ‘we’ in this Policy and within the opt-in notice are deemed to refer to MeasureUp, Inc. as appropriate.
TERMS OF USE
By visiting and/or providing information to us on this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy and agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described herein. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not provide your personal information to us. This Policy is incorporated into, and is part of, the Terms of Use, that govern your use of this Site in general.
We will use your Personally Identifiable Information, defined below, only for the purposes set forth below.
DATA PROTECTION
In accordance with the applicable legislation in effect relative to Personal Data Protection, we hereby inform you that your data will be incorporated to the ownership processing system of MEASUREUP, INC and registered domicile in ONE BRICKELL SQUARE, 801 BRICKELL AVENUE, SUITE 900 MIAMI, FL 33131, with the purpose of addressing your inquiries, and sending you related information which may be of your interest as well as business and promotional communications. In compliance with the current legislation, MEASUREUP INC informs you that your data will be kept only for the necessary time to abide by the previously mentioned precepts.
Unless otherwise is notified, we will understand that your data has not been amended, that you are committed to notify us with any variation to it, and that we have your consent to use it for the specified purposes.
MeasureUp, Inc. ensures that your data will be managed in a lawful, loyal, transparent, adequate, appropriate, limited, exact, and updated manner. Consequently, MeasureUp, Inc. is fully committed to adopt all reasonable measurements to suppress or correct these forthwith in the case of them being inaccurate.
In compliance with the rights granted by the applicable legislation in effect relative to data protection, you will be entitled to exercise your rights of access, rectification, restriction of processing, suppression, portability, and opposition to the processing of your personal data, as well as to the consent given for their treatment, addressing your request to the mailing address designated above or to the e-mail address dpo@mediainteractiva.com.
In turn, we would like to inform you that you may contact the Data Protection Delegate of MeasureUp, Inc., by writing to the e-mail address dpo@mediainteractiva.com.
You may address the pertinent Controlling Authority to present any complaint you deem appropriate.
By sending any data collection form, you agree with the Privacy Policy of MeasureUp, Inc.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personally Identifiable Information, as defined below, is the information that you provide voluntarily when using this Site. “Personally Identifiable Information” includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name or address. “Personally Identifiable Information” does not include anonymized, aggregate or statistical information. Specifically, Personally Identifiable Information, may be collected from you when you are ordering products, or requesting information or services from us may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address, job title, or other information we deem necessary to process your request for the products, information, or services. If you are purchasing products, we may additionally collect debit/credit card information and ship-to and bill-to information related to your purchase of such products.
We may request feedback from you in the form of surveys, questionnaires, or comment forms relating to your product preferences and your satisfaction with the products you have purchased. These requests may include demographic information (e.g., age, gender, and interests), to help us better serve you. This information will only be used for our internal and research purposes and not for purposes of future marketing activities unless otherwise explicitly stated.
Further, if you access other interactive tools or functions on this Site, we may collect other types of Personally Identifiable Information from you.
AGGREGATION OF NON-PERSON-SPECIFIC DATA
We may statistically aggregate in non-person-specific form information collected to improve this Site, our quality controls, operations management, security processes, future marketing and promotional efforts, and our overall product and service offerings in an attempt to better understand our customers’ interests and preferences. In some cases, we may transfer this information to third parties. By using this Site, you give your consent to this non-person-specific data aggregation and the use and transmission of this aggregated statistical data as outlined above.
EMAIL NEWSLETTERS
We may use your email address to send you email newsletters or other communications about the products and services available on this Site. You may opt out of receiving the newsletters or other communications at any time by either modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section on this Site (please note that due to email production schedules you may receive emails that are already in production), or by following the opt-out instructions provided in the email newsletter.
SHARING OR TRANSFERRING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Except as otherwise provided herein, Personally Identifiable Information we receive from you will only be used for the purposes for which you provided it. Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be sold or provided to third parties outside of the MeasureUp, Inc family of companies without your permission. MeasureUp, Inc. may share or transfer Personally Identifiable Information in the following situations:
Services Provided by Third Parties. MeasureUp, Inc., in its sole discretion, may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties under contract with MeasureUp, Inc. for purposes of fraud identification and detection, payment processing, product purchase fulfillment, and reporting services regarding visitor's activities on this Site. All third parties engaged by MeasureUp, Inc. are contractually required to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and are restricted from using the information for any purposes other than the purpose authorized by MeasureUp, Inc.
We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information in the following situations: (a) in response to a subpoena, court order or legal process, to the extent permitted and required by law; (b) to protect your security, or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; (c) to address actual or suspected fraud or other illegal activities; (d) in connection with a sale, joint venture or other transfer of some or all of the assets of MeasureUp, Inc.; and (e) to our contractors or agents, who are committed and obliged to protect your privacy in a manner consistent with this Policy.
International Transfer of Information. Operations are currently based in United States. The Internet is a global environment. By using this Site and sending information to us electronically, you consent to trans-border and international transmission of data that you may choose to supply us. Information transmissions to this Site and emails you send to us may not be secure. Given the inherent operation and nature of the Internet, all Internet transmissions are done at the user's own risk.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CORRECTIONS
To access and correct Personally Identifiable Information that you have submitted to us under this Policy, you may either sign into the “My Account” section of this Site and remove or modify your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information (please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping). To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making alterations.
INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
We recognize the importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We are committed to protecting children's privacy. We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 16. If a child under the age of 16 has provided us with Personally Identifiable Information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us at dpo@mediainteractiva.com. If you are under 18, please make sure to read this Policy with your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and ask questions about things that you do not understand. Those that are under the age of 18 may only purchase products from our online stores with the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s).
INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS THROUGH THIS WEBSITE
This Site receives information that is automatically generated by a user's internet service provider (ISP). This information may include the IP address (a number automatically assigned to a computer by the ISP), the associated URLs, domain types, the browser type used to access this Site, the country, state and telephone area code, the location of the ISP's servers, the pages of this Site that the user views, any search terms entered on this Site, and the user's website address and email address. This information may be collected for system administration purposes, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on this Site. MeasureUP, Inc. does not link IP addresses to Personally Identifiable Information; however, we reserve the right to link IP addresses and other information supplied by the ISP to Personally Identifiable Information in order to protect the integrity of our system and for security purposes.
YOUR CHOICES
MeasureUp, Inc. strives to provide you with choices with regard to our use of your Personally Identifiable Information. For example, although we may occasionally use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you regarding our products, information, or services that we think might of your interest. We will provide you with instructions on how to opt out of receiving further communications of this nature by email should you choose so.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
Cookies. Cookies are small text files that a web server places on your computer or mobile device. Cookies contain information that can later be read by the web server that originally placed the cookie on your computer or mobile device.
Here is a list of the main types of cookies we use, and what we use them for:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies: these cookies collect information about how visitors use a website; for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. Some of these are analytics cookies, set using third party web analytics software, which allow us to understand more about how our website is used. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated, and is therefore anonymous, and does not affect your privacy. It is only used to improve how a website works. We might also use these cookies to highlight MeasureUp, Inc. products or services which we think will be of interest to you based on your use of our websites. For example, like many companies we use Google Analytics. We use Google to obtain web trend information about user interaction with this site. We use this information for system administration purposes and to identify problems and improve service. While Google Analytics collects and reports information on an anonymous basis, Google Analytics uses cookies and collects IP addresses to gather web trend information. For further information about Google Analytics, and for links to Google’s Privacy Policy and an opt-out tool for Google Analytics, go to http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html. By using MeasureUp, Inc.'s website, you agree we may place these types of cookies on your device.
Functionality Cookies: these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, these cookies can be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. By using MeasureUp, Inc.’s website, you agree we may place these types of cookies on your device.
Targeting or advertising cookies: these cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization. Most of our websites do not use targeting cookies. By using MeasureUp, Inc.'s website you agree we may place these types of cookies on your device.
3rd Party Cookies and Social Networks. If you click on a hyperlink from this Site to any third-party websites (e.g. if you ‘share’ content from MeasureUp, Inc.'s websites with friends or colleagues through social networks), you may be sent cookies from these third-party websites. Third party websites will have their own privacy and cookie policies that we cannot control. Please check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
How to manage cookies. If cookies aren't enabled on your computer, it will mean that your browsing or shopping experience on our websites will be limited. Some active content, movies and online shopping baskets, for example, may not work correctly.
Web Beacons. Web Beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page for the purpose of transferring data. For example, when you visit a page on this Site, the code for the page being visited may be transferred to us. The information transmitted to us is used internally, and not shared with third parties, except as provided in this Policy. We use this information for the following purposes:
To allow us to better understand the traffic patterns within our websites and, subsequently, to adjust our content to better respond to visitor's interests.
To use the information to suggest materials and resources that may be of interest to you based on your use of this Site.
By using this Site, you agree to our use of cookies and our use of web beacons for the collections of certain information in order to provide the products or services you have requested and for improvement, as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion, related to our products and services.
Necessary cookies enable core functionality of the website. Without these cookies the website can not function properly. They help to make a website usable by enabling basic functionality. Marketing cookies are used to track and collect visitors actions on the website. Cookies store user data and behaviour information, which allows advertising services to target more audience groups. Also more customized user experience can be provided according to collected information. A set of cookies to collect information and report about website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google.Cookie NameCookie DescriptionDuration in PCCookie creator PHPSESSIDTo store the logged in user's username and a 128bit encrypted key.This information is required to allow a user to stay logged in to a web sitewithout needing to submit their username and password for each page visited. Without this cookie, a user is unabled to proceed to areas of the web site that require authenticated access.1 daymeasureup.com private_content_versionAppends a random, unique number and time to pages with customer content to prevent them from being cached on the server.10 yearsmeasureup.com persistent_shopping_cartStores the key (ID) of persistent cart to make it possible to restore the cart for an anonymous shopper.1 Yearmeasureup.com form_keyA security measure that appends a random string to all form submissions to protect the data from Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF).1 daymeasureup.com storeTracks the specific store view / locale selected by the shopper.measureup.com login_redirectPreserves the destination page the customer was navigating to before being directed to log in.measureup.com mage-messagesTracks error messages and other notifications that are shown to the user, such as the cookie consent message, and various error messages, The message is deleted from the cookie after it is shown to the shopper.1 daymeasureup.com mage-cache-storageLocal storage of visitor-specific content that enables e-commerce functions.1 daymeasureup.com mage-cache-storage-section-invalidationForces local storage of specific content sections that should be invalidated.1 daymeasureup.com mage-cache-sessidThe value of this cookie triggers the cleanup of local cache storage.1 daymeasureup.com product_data_storageStores configuration for product data related to Recently Viewed / Compared Products.Persistentmeasureup.com user_allowed_save_cookieIndicates if the shopper allows cookies to be saved.1 yearmeasureup.com mage-translation-storageStores translated content when requested by the shopper.Sessionmeasureup.com mage-translation-file-versionStores the file version of translated content.Sessionmeasureup.com section_data_idsStores customer-specific information related to shopper-initiated actions such as display wish list, checkout information, etc.1 daymeasureup.com recently_viewed_productStores product IDs of recently viewed products for easy navigation.Persistentmeasureup.com recently_viewed_product_previousStores product IDs of recently previously viewed products for easy navigation.Persistentmeasureup.com recently_compared_productStores product IDs of recently compared products.Persistentmeasureup.com recently_compared_product_previousStores product IDs of previously compared products for easy navigation.Persistentmeasureup.com _gaUsed to distinguish users.2 yearsmeasureup.com _gidUsed to distinguish users.1 daymeasureup.com _gatUsed to throttle request rate.1 daymeasureup.com
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This Site may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties, or by or its affiliates. MeasureUp Inc. does not control the privacy policies or practices of these websites. You should review the privacy policies of the third party offering the website before providing any Personally Identifiable Information to these websites. MeasureUp Inc. is not responsible for the content or practices of any linked third-party website and such third party websites are provided solely for the convenience and information to our visitors.
SECURITY
The security of your Personally Identifiable Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personally Identifiable Information we receive from unauthorized access and use. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers or social security numbers) on your product or service order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We safeguard your credit card information in our internal systems through the use of credit card industry standard protections. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your Personally Identifiable Information we cannot guarantee that your Personally Identifiable Information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable laws).
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
MeasureUp, Inc reserves the right to update, revise, modify, and supplement this Policy and any disclosures and disclaimers at any time without notice by posting an updated Policy. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically for any changes or updates. At the end of this Policy, we indicate the date of the latest update to the Policy. Your continued use of this Site following any of the changes to this Policy signifies your acceptance of these changes.
Effective Date: Dic 20th, 2019.
LICENSE
RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Any software or software documentation provided is commercial computer software that is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use duplication or disclosure to the United State Government is subject to the restrictions as set forth in Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian agencies and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation 227.7202 for military agencies. Software and software documentation are provided subject to the End User License Agreement that accompanies the software or documentation.