https://www.topcoder.com/privacy-policy/
Topcoder Privacy Policy | Topcoder
LOGIN
SIGN UP
Solutions
All Solutions
Notifications
Settings
Good job! You’re all caught up
Join challenges and check your notification settings if
you don’t receive notifications. We’re actively adding
new notifications. Read our blog post
for more info
Notification Settings
Notifications
Dismiss All
Settings
New
Dismiss All
Earlier
Dismiss All
You have no more notifications
BUSINESS
Solutions
More
Solutions
LOGIN
SIGN UP
vic-tor
vic-tor
vic@topcoder.com
Switch to BUSINESS
My Profile
Settings
Help
Log Out
Overview
More
Overview
Solutions
@
My Profile
Settings
Help
Log Out
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Processing activities covered
This Privacy Policy explains our privacy practices for our website, applications, the Topcoder platform, offline marketing practices, and other products or services (collectively, “Services”) owned and operated by Topcoder, LLC or any of its subsidiaries (“Topcoder”). Through use of the Services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information and other personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
2. What personal data do we collect?
2.1 Personal data we collect directly from you
The Personal Data we collect directly from you includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information. We collect such information in the following situations:
If you register on the platform we require that you provide contact information, such as name, email address, and country.If you complete the user profile on the platform after you register, you may voluntarily submit information such as contact information, photographs, user preferences, communications preferences, other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, educational background, hobbies, social media profiles, company name, areas of expertise and interests.If you register for a competition or task on the platform we collect information specific to the process and display the time, date, and handle associated with your account.If you post a comment in the forum, that content, the date, time, and contents are collected and are visible to people who have access to that particular forum.If you are eligible for payment we require payment information; such as your contact information, payment account information, and tax ID information as required by applicable laws. You may be required to complete identity verification using  a third party that will require information that is country specific and can include drivers license, passport, national identification card or other government issued identification.If you make purchases via our websites, we may require that you provide us your financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information.If you express interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support; use our “Contact Us” or similar features; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; or download certain content, we may require that you provide to us contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address or username and password.If you interact with our websites or emails, we automatically collect information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers, which may qualify as Personal Data (please see the “What device and usage data we process” section, below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies;Automatic Data Collection, such as IP address, MAC address or other device identifiers.If you use and interact with our services, we automatically collect information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (please see the “What device and usage data we process” section, below); If you voluntarily submit certain information to our services, such as filling out a survey about your user experience, we collect the information you have provided as part of that request.
If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
2.2 Personal data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including third parties from whom we purchase Personal Data and from publicly available information.  We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. The Personal Data we collect from other sources includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. In particular, we collect such Personal Data from the following sources:
Third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information; andAnother individual at your organization who may provide us with your business contact information for the purposes of obtaining services; and Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
3. What device and usage data do we process?
We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting usage data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to automatically collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you.
3.1 Device and usage data
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically when individual users visit our websites. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers and features, location, browser type, plug-ins, integrations, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, searches, referring website, app or ad, operating system, system configuration information, advertising and language preferences, date and time stamps associated with your usage, and frequency of visits to the websites. This information is used to analyze overall trends, help us provide and improve our websites, offer a tailored experience for website users, and secure and maintain our websites.
In addition, we gather certain information automatically as part of your use of our cloud products and services. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system and system configuration information and date and time stamps associated with your usage. This information is used to maintain the security of the services, to provide necessary functionality, to improve performance of the services, to assess and improve customer and user experience of the services, to review compliance with applicable usage terms, to identify future opportunities for development of the services, to assess capacity requirements, to identify customer opportunities, and for the security of Topcoder generally (in addition to the security of our products and services). Some of the device and usage data collected by the services, whether alone or in conjunction with other data, could be personally identifying to you. Please note that this device and usage data is primarily used to identify the uniqueness of each user logging on (as opposed to specific individuals), apart from where it is strictly required to identify an individual for security purposes or as required as part of our provision of the services to our customers.
3.2 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications
We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to gather information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails.
When you visit our websites, we, or an authorized third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customize your browsing experience.
We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click here or the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services.We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 9.4 below.
3.3 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the Facebook “like” button, the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Topcoder also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services like Google Authentication. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4. Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely
We collect and process your Personal Data for the following purposes. Where required by law, we obtain your consent to use and process your Personal Data for these purposes. Otherwise, we rely on another authorized legal basis (including but not limited to the (a) performance of a contract or (b) legitimate interest) to collect and process your Personal Data.
Providing our websites and services: We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the use of our websites and services and to fulfill our obligations under the applicable terms of use and service; if we have not entered into a contract with you, we base the processing of your Personal Data on our legitimate interest to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with content you access and request (e.g., to download content from our websites);Promoting the security of our websites and services: We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and services, creating aggregated non-personal data, verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, and enforcing our terms and policies to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of the services, systems and applications and in protecting our rights and the rights of others;Providing necessary functionality: We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the use of our websites and services; if we have not entered into a contract with you, we base the processing of your Personal Data on our legitimate interest to provide you with the necessary functionality required for your use of our websites and services;Managing user registrations: If you have registered for an account with us, we process your Personal Data by managing your user account for the purpose of performing our contract with you according to applicable terms of service;Handling contact and user support requests: If you fill out a “Submit a request” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including via a phone call, we process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you and to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you;Managing event registrations and attendance: We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you, to perform our contract with you;Managing contests or promotions: If you register for a contest or promotion, we process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you. Some contests or promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data;Managing payments: If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you;Developing and improving our websites and services: We process your Personal Data to analyze trends and to track your usage of and interactions with our websites and services to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interest in developing and improving our websites and services and providing our users with more relevant content and service offerings, or where we seek your valid consent;Assessing and improving user experience: We process device and usage data as described in Section 4.1 above, which in some cases may be associated with your Personal Data, to analyze trends and assess and improve the overall user experience to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interest in developing and improving the service offering, or where we seek your valid consent; Reviewing compliance with applicable usage terms: We process your Personal Data to review compliance with the applicable usage terms in our customer’s contract to the extent that it is in our legitimate interest to ensure adherence to the relevant terms; Identifying customer opportunities: We process your Personal Data to assess new potential customer opportunities to the extent that it is in our legitimate interest to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users’ experiences;Displaying personalized advertisements and content: We process your Personal Data to conduct marketing research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interest in advertising our websites or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent (please see the “Your rights relating to your Personal Data” section, below, to learn how you can control how the processing of your Personal Data by Topcoder for personalized advertising purposes);Sending marketing communications: We will process your Personal Data or device and usage data, which in some cases may be associated with your Personal Data, to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS, or push notifications) about us and our affiliates and partners, including information about our products, promotions or events as necessary for our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or to the extent you have provided your prior consent (please see the “Your rights relating to your Personal Data” section, below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Topcoder for marketing purposes); andComplying with legal obligations: We process your Personal Data when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights or is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, respond to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes.
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
5. Who do we share Personal Data with?
Topcoder does not sell Personal Data to marketers or unaffiliated third parties. We may share your Personal Data as follows:
Service Providers: With our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above;Affiliates: If you use our websites to register for an event or webinar organized by one of our affiliates, we may share your Personal Data with the affiliate to the extent this is required on the basis of the affiliate’s contract with you to process your registration and ensure your participation in the event; in such instances, our affiliate will process the relevant Personal Data as a separate controller and will provide you with further information on the processing of your Personal Data, where required.Event Sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with Section 10 below;Customers With Whom You Are Affiliated: If you use our services as an authorized user, we may share your Personal Data with your affiliated customer responsible for your access to the services to the extent this is necessary for verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, or enforcing our terms and policies;Third party networks and websites: With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites, so that Topcoder can market and advertise on third party platforms and websites;Professional Advisers: In individual instances, we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers – including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers  who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data;Third Parties Involved in a Corporate Transaction: If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by third party, with such third party. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of Personal Data to an unaffiliated third party.
We may also share anonymous or de-identified usage data with Topcoders service providers for the purpose of helping Topcoder in such analysis and improvements. Additionally, Topcoder may share such anonymous or de-identified usage data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
Anyone using our communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may read any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit and post.
6. International transfer of Personal Data
We are a global business. Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage service providers as described above in section 5. By using our Services, any personal information provided to Topcoder, where applicable law permits, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different. We may transfer Personal Data that we maintain about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the Personal Data was originally collected, including to the United States. Those countries may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. However, we will take measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that your Personal Data remains protected to the standards described in this Privacy Policy. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Data.
7. Children
Topcoder recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Neither our Services or website are intended for children under the age of 13. Topcoder does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. Topcoder does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
8. How long do we keep your Personal Data?
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
9. Your Choices
As a topcoder user you have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you. Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights with regard to the Personal Data we control about you:
Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we processed your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data (also referred to as the right to be forgotten), to the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data, to the extent permitted by law;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible (right to data portability);Object to any processing of your Personal Data. Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;If you’re under the age of 16, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights described above; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects (“Automated Decision-Making”). Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services; andWithdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal.
9.1 Accessing and changing your information
You can access and change certain information through the Services. See our Help Center page for more information. You can also request a copy of the personal information Topcoder maintains about you by following the process described here.
9.2 Deleting your account
You may delete your account information at any time from the user preferences page. When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to other users. Please note, however, that the contests, tasks, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others. We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account.
9.3 Controlling the Use of Cookies
To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services.
9.4 Controlling Advertising and Analytics
Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies and how you can opt-out. For example, you may manage the use and collection of certain information by Google Analytics here.
You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative, or if you are a user in the European Economic Area, Your Online Choices.
9.5 Do Not Track
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. However, there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal. Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of information about you.
9.6 Controlling Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by updating your email options in your account preferences here. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Services.
10. How we secure your Personal Data
We take appropriate precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use.
While we follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. If you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us by using the information in the “Contact us” section, below.
11. Changes to This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our Personal Data practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes are effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Privacy Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are a User, by contacting you through our services.
12. How to Contact Us
To exercise your rights regarding your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please fill out this form, email us at privacy@topcoder.com, call us at 855 867-1356, or write to us at:
Attention: Topcoder Legal201 South Capitol Avenue, Ste. 1100Indianapolis, IN 46225
13. CCPA Rights and Choices
The California Consumer Privacy Act requires businesses to disclose whether they sell Personal Data. We do not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal Data with third parties or allow them to collect Personal Data from our sites or Services if those third parties are authorized service providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Topcoder sites or Services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties.
California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we share or disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as disclosures to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes:
Identifiers;Commercial information;Internet activity information;Financial information;  Professional and employment-related information; Education information; andInferences drawn from any of the above information categories.
California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and have registered for an account with us, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s). Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 9 of this Privacy Statement. If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent.
We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Effective Date May 31, 2017 – Updated May 28, 2020
SOLUTIONS
All Solutions
Apps
Websites
Analytics & Data Science
QA & Testing
How it Works
ENTERPRISE OFFERINGS
All Offerings
Data Science & AI
Enterprise Crowdtesting
Talent as a Service
Workforce Transformation
Security
Topcoder Way
Company
About
Community
Leadership
Customer Advisory Council
Partners
Sponsor TCO
Jobs
Case Studies
Blog
Public Sector
FAQs
CONTACT US
(855) 867-1356
Mon–Fri 8am–5pm EST
Contact Us
201 South Capitol Avenue, Ste. 1100
Indianapolis, IN 46225
© 2020 TOPCODER
Privacy Policy
SOLUTIONS
ENTERPRISE OFFERINGS
COMPANY
CASE STUDIES
RESOURCES
BLOG
PUBLIC SECTOR
CONTACT US
© 2020 TOPCODER
Privacy Policy