http://www.cvmsolutions.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Introducing Supplier Diversity: The Global Edition. Learn More
Products
Supplier Diversity Data Enrichment
Supplier Diversity Flash Enrichment
Supplier Explorer
Tier 2 Reporting - Unitier
Supplier Diversity Economic Impact Analysis
Supplier Registration
Customer Reporting Manager
Supplier Diversity: Global Edition
Flash API
Contact Sales
Suppliers
Resources
Whitepapers, Videos, Ebooks
Supplier Diversity Glossary
Contact Us
Contact Sales
About CVM
Press Releases
Careers
The Team
Supplier Diversity Policy
Blog
Privacy Policy
Updated August 11th, 2020.
This policy covers how Qurium Solutions, Inc. and its affiliates (“supplier.io”, “CVM”, “CVM Solutions”), (collectively referred to as “Qurium Solutions”, “we”, “us” or “our”) treat data and information collected and received through our websites (“Sites”) and products and services (“Services”).
Scope of this Policy
This policy applies only to information collected and received by us through access and use of the Services and/or Sites and does not apply to any other information collected by us through other means. Further, this policy does not cover the activities of third parties.
It is your responsibility to read and understand this policy. By using our Services and/or Sites, you are agreeing and consenting to the practices described in this policy. If you do not agree to all of this policy and do not wish to be bound by it, you should not use our Services or Sites.
Please read the following to learn more about how we collect, use and safeguard the information you may provide to us via this site. This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time, so please revisit this page often to remain fully informed of our policies.
What Information Does Qurium Solutions Collect from You?
Via our website, Qurium Solutions collects from you:
(i) certain personally identifiable (i.e. non-business) information,
(ii) certain business information and
(iii) technical and other information.
Personally Identifiable Information
General Site Visitors – When you browse the non-password protected portions of our site, we only collect information tied to your name when you engage in the following activities:
request information;
participate in a survey;
interact with our social media pages;
apply for employment, internship or other volunteer opportunities;
subscribe to one of our newsletters;
post content where permitted on the Site or our other online locations.
Registered Customers and Suppliers – At the time you become a registered customer of Qurium Solutions or you register as a supplier on the site, we request that you provide us with certain personal information (including your or a business executive's name, address, phone number, and email address).
Contacting Us – Our site permits you to contact us via email. Whenever you send an email via our site, you will be providing us with your name, title, email address, phone number and any information you choose to include in the text of your message. For example, you may choose to provide your mailing address or other information necessary or helpful for us to address your query or other concern.
Business Information
Registered Customers and Suppliers – At the time you become a registered customer of Qurium Solutions or you register as a supplier on the site, we request that you provide us with certain business information (including your business name, Federal Employer ID Number, address, web domain, and financial and insurance information regarding your business).
Technical and Other Information
All Site Users – Qurium Solutions uses commonly-used automated information gathering tools. While you are browsing our site, we automatically log your IP address (a number assigned to your computer when you use the Internet), general data (including your domain name, and the name of the web page from which you entered our site, and your activity while using our site.
How Do We Collect Information from You?
We collect, retain and use personally identifiable and business information from you on this site (i) by expressly requesting it from you (a) when you request information from us via email and (b) at the time you become a registered customer of Qurium Solutions or you register as a supplier on the site and (ii) when you provide us with such information in connection with the various services offered by Qurium Solutions or when you contact us via email.
In order to personalize and enhance your experience on our site, we may also collect information through "cookies." Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by our site to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our site. We also use cookies to gather broad demographic information and to help identify you in respect to visits to our site so that we may improve your user experience, and to determine whether you visited our site from a particular Internet link or advertisement. Qurium Solutions may also use small bits of code called "one-pixel gifs," "clear gifs," or "web beacons" embedded in web pages to gather certain website information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies. However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain portions of our site.
The major browsers have attempted to implement the draft “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) standard of the World Wide Web Consortium (“W3C”) in their latest releases. As this standard has not been finalized, our site is not compatible with DNT.
How is Your Information Used?
Our Use of Information – We collect, retain, and use the information we collect via our site for legitimate business purposes only as described herein. Information collected from our registered customers is used: to perform normal business operations including billing, collection and supplier management; to provide customers with the services contracted for and as otherwise requested; and in an aggregated non-identifiable manner along with business information collected from our other registered customers to provide generalized risk assessments and trends to Qurium Solutions's customers. Information collected from suppliers registered on our site, whether collected directly or through any services provided to customers, is used to provide Qurium Solutions customers information on the suppliers' business for evaluation purposes in connection with awarding contracts. Regardless of the source, information collected from site users is also used: to correspond and provide information to such users regarding our site and/or services and developments in our company or with our services that we believe may be of interest; to personalize the Qurium Solutions website; to monitor site visitor traffic patterns and site usage; to comply with applicable laws; to enforce our Terms of Use; and to protect the rights, property, or safety of Qurium Solutions, our users and others.
Sharing Information – Except as provided in this policy, we do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties and this includes business information. With respect to customer information, we only share or distribute business information with third parties as provided in Qurium Solutions's Master Subscription Agreement. We share your personally identifiable information with our affiliates and subsidiaries in order to provide you with our services. In addition, we may share in aggregate, statistical form non-personal information regarding the visitors to our site, traffic patterns and site usage with our partners or affiliates. We will disclose information we maintain, including personally identifiable information, when required to do so by law or regulation, or in response to a request from a law enforcement or governmental agency or authority.
Retention of Information – Customer-identifiable information will be retained by Qurium Solutions for so long as customer remains a customer of Qurium Solutions. Supplier information and all non-personally identifiable information will be retained indefinitely.
Modifications
We strive to maintain the accuracy of any personally identifiable or business information that may be collected from you, and will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us the information in our database is not accurate. It is your responsibility to ensure that such information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may obtain from us by email the information in our records and/or files. If you wish to make any changes to any personally identifiable or business information you have provided to us, you may do so at any time by contacting us at privacypolicy@cvmsolutions.com.
Opt Out
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us and our affiliates or opt out of providing personally identifiable information by following the opt-out link provided in any email received from us or by emailing us at privacypolicy@cvmsolutions.com.
Consequences of Not Providing Information
You may choose not to provide us with your personally identifiable information or business information. However, choosing not to provide certain requested information may prevent you from accessing and taking advantage of certain services offered by Qurium Solutions.
Third Party Websites
Qurium Solutions may reference or provide links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the third party websites, and you should review the privacy policies posted on such sites. Please be aware that Qurium Solutions does not control, nor are we responsible for, the privacy policies or information practices of third parties or their websites.
Suppliers should note that our "Customer Branded Sites," through which they may register and/or provide information, are provided jointly with the applicable customers. The use of information collected by Qurium Solutions though these Customer Branded Sites is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Qurium Solutions will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Protecting Your Personally Identifiable Information
Qurium Solutions employs physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to protect the information we receive from you from unauthorized disclosure. This includes our requirement for usernames and Member IDs to access sensitive data and our use of industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions. You should not share your password with anyone. In addition, if you suspect unauthorized access to your information, it is your responsibility to contact Qurium Solutions immediately. Qurium Solutions personnel will never ask you to divulge your password in written or electronic communications. We will only ask you for your password when you contact us and only in cases where you request customer service to correct a service problem which requires your password. Please be aware that Internet data transmission is not always secure and we cannot warrant that information you transmit utilizing this site is secure. Because security is important to both Qurium Solutions and you, we will always make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems.
Business Transfer
Qurium Solutions may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third party. Your personally identifiable information, business information and/or technical information we obtain from you via this site may be disclosed to any potential or actual third party purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Your California Consumer Privacy Rights
Section 1798.83 of the CA Civil Code known as the ‘Shine the Light’ Law, requires any operator of a website to permit its California-resident customers to request and obtain from the operator a list of what personal information the operator disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes, for the preceding calendar year; and the addresses and names of such third parties. Qurium Solutions does not share any personal information collected from this site with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Section 1798.100 et seq. known as the ‘California Consumer Privacy Act’ (CCPA) grants consumers various privacy rights to their personal information including rights to request a business to disclose what personal information it collects, sells and discloses about them, the right to request deletion of personal information a business collects, right to opt-out of the sale of the personal information to a third party, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising their rights. To make a consumer privacy request, a business must provide a means to submit the request and once received, the business must verify it. The CCPA mandates that a business separately disclose (list) the categories of personal information it collects, sells and discloses about consumers during the past 12 months. Once verified, a business must respond to the consumer request within a 45 day period (unless extended) with categories of personal information collected, sold or disclosed about the consumer matched as closely as possible against the lists. For personal information collected, the business must also respond with specific pieces of personal information.
To submit a request, contact Qurium Solutions at privacy@supplier.io or 800-536-6046
To opt-out of Qurium Solutions’s sale of personal information to a third party, click here where you will be directed to where you can make that choice.
Lists of Personal Information
Qurium Solutions collects your name, your email address, your title, your company, and your IP address.
Qurium Solutions does not sell any information you provide to Qurium Solutions through any of our sites.
If you register in one our websites that we host on behalf of our customers or in any Qurium Solutions’s supplier database, the following information that you provide will be visible to our customers: your name, your email address, your contact information, your company, your title, and content you provide through social interaction features available on our sites.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We use the following third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Clicky: Clicky is a web analytics service. Read Clicky’s Privacy Policy here: https://clicky.com/terms.
Hubspot: HubSpot is a developer and marketer of software products for inbound marketing, sales, and customer service. Read Hubspot’s Privacy Policy here: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.
Access to and accuracy of personal information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information or if you wish to access, correct, or delete the personal information held by us, you should contact us in writing using the information provided below. As may be provided under applicable law, we will provide you with copies of your personal information. We are also obliged to request that you provide us with identification so that we can be certain that you are entitled to receive the requested data.
Please help us to keep our records of your personal information accurate and up-to-date. If you believe any information we’re holding about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated, please contact us using the information below so that we may work with you to correct it.
Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies with respect to personal data collected through your use of our Sites and Services.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: We process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this policy. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services (such as when you register for an account to use the Services and accept our license agreement); and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Sites and Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy.
Transfers: Personal data we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or processors maintain facilities. We will ensure that transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards, such as Privacy Shield certification (described above).
Individual Rights: You are entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection Regulation or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection with respect to the processing of your personal data when we act as a data controller, which include the right to access and rectify your personal data and to request erasure of your personal data. To exercise these rights, contact us at privacy@supplier.io. Please note: In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you. You may also have the right to lodge a data protection complaint with your local Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:  https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
Privacy Shield
Qurium Solutions complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.  Qurium Solutions has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
As a participant in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, Qurium Solutions is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to privacy@supplier.io. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for Sensitive Information, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy@supplier.io.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Our accountability for personal information we receive in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfer to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, we remain responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process the personal information on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact us by email at privacy@supplier.io or via post at:
Qurium Solutions, Inc.5 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 920Westchester, IL 60154
Qurium Solutions has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/ for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
Acceptance and Modifications to this Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 20th, 2020.
We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this policy, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting. We will notify you about materials changes by prominently posting a notice on our web site. In the event we modify this Privacy Statement, your continued use of this site will signify your acceptance of the modified Privacy Statement.
Questions?
Qurium Solutions will happily address any concerns or disputes about our Privacy Policy or inaccuracies regarding your personal and business information. In the event that you have a concern or wish to see recent changes regarding our privacy policy, you can contact us directly at privacypolicy@cvmsolutions.com
Qurium Solutions's websites do not process any credit card or personal payment information.
Mailing address for other inquiries:
5 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 920
Westchester, IL 60154
Corporate Headquarters Address:
5 Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 920
Westchester, IL 60154
Products
Supplier Diversity Data Enrichment
Supplier Explorer
Supplier Diversity Economic Impact Analysis
Tier 2 Reporting - Unitier
Contact Sales
Supplier Solutions
U.S.-Based Registration
International Registration
Supplier Support
Resources
Whitepapers, Videos, Ebooks
Blog
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
About CVM
Press Releases
Careers
Our Team
Supplier Diversity Policy
Corporate Headquarters
Address: 5 Westbrook Corporate CenterSuite 920Westchester, IL 60154
Phone: 708.236.2000Fax: 708.492.0360
Contact Us
© 2020 CVM | Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Client Technical Support
Supplier Technical Support
Supplier Portals