http://www.bsicomputer.com/page/terms-and-conditions-of-sales
For customization, consultation & customer support, call: 1.800.872.4547
My Account
My Cart
Live Chat Support Software
You are here:
Home
>
Support>Terms and Conditions of Sales
Support
Service Policy and Procedure
80 PLUS Certification
Limited Warranty
Online RMA
Out of Warranty Service
Terms and Conditions of Sales
Revolving Charge Sales Agreement
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Sales
PAYMENT
Invoices are due and payable in accordance with the terms listed on the front of this invoice. An interest charge of 2.0% per month will be added to past due accounts. All legal, court costs, and service charges incurred in collecting payment will be an expense of and charged to the purchaser.
PAYMENT METHODS
VISA
MASTER
America Express
CREDIT CARD CHANGES
Your credit card will be charged when you place your order. If we are not able to fulfill your order for any reason, your credit card will be refunded.
SHIPPING METHODS
UPS
FEDEX
DELIVERY
Unless otherwise noted, delivery will be made F.O.B BSI's facility with shipping charges to be paid by Purchaser. Risk of loss passes to Purchaser upon delivery by BSI to common carrier. BSI will not be liable for delays or failure of delivery caused by strikes, accidents, fires, lockouts, riots, wars, acts of God, a shortage of or an inability to obtain supplies, fuel, material, labor or shipping facilities, and on account of any demands, orders or any acts or regulations of any local, state or federal governments or agencies for any reason. We will not be held responsible for any delays or failure to deliver caused by any contingency beyond our reasonable control. Our delivery time will be extended for the duration of such events.
SOFTWARE SALES FINAL
All Software sales are final. BSI will not refund any money or exchange any software purchased.
RESTOCKING CHARGE
If BSI accepts return merchandise then there will be a twenty-five percent (25%) restocking charge.
TRANSPORTATION CHARGES FOR WARRANTY SERVICE
The cost of freight or transportation to and from any BSI service center, required in order to complete any repair service under the term's of any manufacture's limited warranty, will be an expense of and charged to the Purchaser.
UNCOLLECTABLE CHECK
In the event a check is returned by a customer's bank as uncollectable, there shall be a charge of $25.00 in addition to any other charges that may be included. All legal, court cost, and service charges incurred in collecting payment will be an expense of and charged to the purchaser.
© 2020, Broadax Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.