http://www.recordkeeper.com/privacy.lasso
About Us
Services
Solutions
Clients
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Updated November 2015 RecordKeeper Systems has created this privacy policy to inform you of the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site. Aaron W. Beck and Co., which operates this Web site, wants to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, by notifying you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through this Web site; The organization collecting the information; How the information is used; With whom the information may be shared; What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information;
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact our Customer Service Department by phone at +1 800-657-5932. Visiting our website Your IP address, browser and reference site domain name are logged every time you visit our site. This data is used strictly for the analysis of load information and maximizing the efficiency of our servers. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not share this data with anyone in any way. Using Cookies "Cookies" are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. These cookies help us identify your account. They do not include any data that will identify you personally. Cookies also allow us keep your cart intact if you leave our site and return shortly. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but allow you to disable them if you wish. Cookies are required to use our shopping cart. If you have disabled cookies you will not be able to shop our site until they are enabled. Ordering When you order, we need your name, email address, shipping address, phone number and credit card number/expiration date. We use this data to process your order, ship it and send you order and shipping confirmations via email. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not sell, rent, or disclose this data to any third party without your consent. (However, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.) From time to time, we may use the purchases you make to customize our product recommendations. We also track customer traffic patterns and site usage. Traffic and usage data is used only to improve our site's design and provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience. Opening a Account We require your name, billing address, shipping address, email address and telephone number to open an account for you. We may also ask some additional optional questions to help us better serve you. Except as provided in this privacy policy, this account data is never shared with anyone in any way without your consent. (However, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.) Customer Service In addition to being able to call our customer service department, you may also email us at through our automated customer service web forms. When you email us, your emails are stored within our system so that we may refer to previous emails from you as needed so that we may properly address your questions and concerns. Except as provided in this privacy policy, the information you provide to our customer service department is not shared with anyone. Our Third Party Relationships We have established several relationships with third parties vendors to best serve our customers.
Retailer: RKS operates this Web site pursuant to agreements with RecordKeeper Systems. Pursuant to such agreements, RecordKeeper Systems is entitled to access and use the information collected through this Web site to the same extent and in the same manner as RKS. Additionally, RecordKeeper Systems may contact those customers who have agreed to receive promotional offers about offers in its land-based stores. RecordKeeper Systems has agreed to abide by this privacy policy and the same restrictions and limitations applicable to RKS hereunder. Affiliates: From time to time we may establish an affiliate program. An affiliate program allows other Web sites to earn money by linking customers to our site from their sites. These affiliates can only access data about the number of transactions and their resulting earnings. They cannot access our customers' personal data. If you choose to apply to any of our affiliate programs, we use the data you give us strictly for conducting business with you. We have entered into certain agreements with certain third parties for the purpose of helping to administer the affiliate programs. Such third parties may have access to certain of your information if you are an affiliate of the web site but is restricted to only use such information in connection with its administration of the affiliate programs. Order Fulfillment: Certain vendors of ours may provide customer order fulfillment and shipping services on our behalf. These vendors have access only to information needed to accurately fulfill and ship orders, which are processed through such vendors. These vendors have agreed to not use any personally identifiable information of customers for any other purpose. Credit Card Processing: We use Authorize Net to process credit card orders. We supply them with data for credit card authorization and fraud detection only and they are restricted from using the data for any other purposes. Additional Third Party Relationships: From time to time, RKS may engage other third parties to assist in providing marketing, order processing, fulfillment and shipping services. These third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any purpose other than providing such services. Additionally, we may share non-personal, non-individual statistical information with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes. That is, we will not tell our marketing partners that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product. Changes to Privacy Policy If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. Return Policy RecordKeeper provides services which are not returnable one the service is rentered. Accomodations are available if the service needs adjustment to meet the agreed terms of the project.
Questions about our Policies If you have any questions regarding your privacy or any of our policies, please contact our Customer Service Department through this sites' contact us page. Terms of Service ("Terms") Last updated: November 05, 2015 Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the http://www.recordkeeper.com website (the "Service") operated by RecordKeeper Systems ("us", "we", or "our"). Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service. Intellectual Property The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of RecordKeeper Systems and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of RecordKeeper Systems. Links To Other Web Sites Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by RecordKeeper Systems. RecordKeeper Systems has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites. You acknowledge and agree that RecordKeeper Systems shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit. Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless RecordKeeper Systems and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms. Limitation Of Liability In no event shall RecordKeeper Systems, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. Disclaimer Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance. RecordKeeper Systems its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements. Exclusions Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you. Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Missouri, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service. Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 60 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service. Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Recordkeeper.com © 1995-2020  |   Contact Us  |   Sitemap |   Policies