http://www.montegonet.com/self-service-networks-privacy-policy
Home
About
What We Do
Our Clients
Awards
Gift Cards
GiftWise
GiftWise+ Bundle
GiftWise Kiosk
GiftWise Premium
GW Print on Demand
Cashless
Cash-2-Card Kiosks
YooDoo Cashless Restaurant
Digital Loyalty
versEcard
Contact
Self-Service Networks Privacy PolicySelf-Service Networks respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Web site and has created this privacy statement to explain what information we gather from your visit to our Web site, and how such information may be used.Use of Information: As a general policy no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, is automatically collected from your visit to www.Self-Service Networks.com. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of Self-Service Networks’ Internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience.Our Web site uses various order forms for you to request information, products, and services, which require that you provide Self-Service Networks with your contact information (your name, mailing and/or e-mail address, etc.). Self-Service Networks may use information submitted to Self-Service Networks for marketing and promotional purposes and may share it with our promotional partners. However, personally identifiable information is never sold or leased to any third parties. With your permission, we may use your contact information to send you information about our company and what we’re doing. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings by sending a note to info@Self-Service Networks.com.Self-Service Networks is committed to taking reasonable steps to ensure the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Your credit card security is our highest priority. Self-Service Networks utilizes Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption, an advanced encryption technology that protects the information you send us against unauthorized access. This safeguard has helped, in many cases, to make shopping on the Internet significantly safer than using your credit card at a restaurant or department store.If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to call us at 888-666-8346.
FOR MORE INFORMATION ON OUR SERVICES OR TO SIGN UP FOR ONE OF OUR MARKETING PROGRAMS, contact us at:
Ph. 401.619.4000Toll Free. 888.666.8346 (U.S. only)Intl. +001 401.619.4000Get Driving DirectionsEmail Sales: sales@self-servicenetworks.com Email Support: support@self-servicenetworks.com General: info@self-servicenetworks.comTechnical Support: 888.666.8346 option 2WHAT WE DO  |   GIFT CARDS  |  CASHLESS  |  LOYALTY  |  CLIENT LOGIN