http://www.macjournals.com/privacy
WritersSwitch to SubstackWhy go paid?ResourcesBlogBridge Mentorship ProgramHelpAbout usAboutJobsBlogSign inGet startedPrivacy PolicyLast Updated: September 17, 2020We at Substack Inc. (“Substack”, “we”, or “us”) know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, and share personal information. Please read it carefully, because by using or accessing the Services in any manner, you accept and consent to the practices and policies described below.Remember that your use of Substack’s Services is at all times subject to the Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy.  Any terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy includes additional notices that may apply to you if you are a California consumer. Please see the section further below titled "Additional Notices for California Residents" for more details.What does this Privacy Policy cover?This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage.  As described further below, a Publisher’s EULA governs its use of Personal Information it collects from an End User on the Publisher’s subdomain on the Services. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our Services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain Publisher Newsletters, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.Will Substack ever change this Privacy Policy?We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the Services, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.  If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. What Information does Substack Collect?Information You Provide to UsWe receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us.  For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect, without limitation, Personal Information such as your name, email address, and phone number. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features. We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may email you about your use of the Services.  Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our Services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing us at privacy@substackinc.com or by following the opt-out instructions contained in such emails. Information Substack Writers Provide to UsWe offer Publishers the ability to bring their existing mailing lists to Substack, meaning Publishers may share your email address with us. Publishers represent to us that they have your permission to use your email address on our platform. If you believe your information was provided to Substack wrongfully, please email us at privacy@substackinc.com or, if applicable, use our CCPA processes to request removal of that information. Note also that Publishers may have their own privacy policies and practices around their use of your information, which we encourage you to review and understand. Information Collected AutomaticallyWhenever you interact with our Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people.  You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.  Also, if you click on a link to a third party website or service, such third party may also transmit cookies to you.  Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices. Please be aware that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Services, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.We may use this data to customize Content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns.  We may also use it to improve the Services - for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services interesting to as many users as possible.Information Collected From Other Websites and Do Not Track PolicyThrough cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Services.  Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy.  Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites.  Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services.Will Substack Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described below:Information that’s been de-identified.  We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would identify you as an individual.Affiliates: We may disclose your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and/or corporate affiliates for use consistent with this Privacy Policy.Publishers: Publishers are granted access to certain information about End Users who subscribe to such Publisher’s Newsletters. Substack does prohibit Publishers from collecting or using any information beyond what Substack itself collects and uses pursuant to this Privacy Policy, but this does not mean we are responsible for reviewing or verifying the accuracy of any Publisher’s data collection or use policies. Publishers are solely responsible for complying with any laws and regulations that apply to End Users’ information, including without limitation the posting of any EULA on their subdomain on the Services. Substack is not liable for Publishers’ relationship with End Users. We encourage you to review Publishers’ individual privacy policies for more information regarding their use of and access to your Personal Information. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses (or providers of Publisher Newsletters) as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.Our Service Providers: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your Personal Information with them to provide products or services to you; for example, we may use a Third Party Payment Processor to receive and process your credit card transactions for us, such as Stripe. Any payment card information you use to make a purchase on the Services is collected and processed directly by our payment processor, Stripe, and we never physically receive or store your full payment card information. Stripe commits to complying with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and using industry standard security. Stripe may use your Payment Information in accordance with its own Privacy Policy here: https://stripe.com/privacy.User Profiles and Submissions:If your user profile allows it, you may choose to populate certain user profile information, including, without limitation, your name, location, and any image content. Any user profile information uploaded to the Services may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services.  Your account privacy settings may allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others.  Please remember that any Content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or Content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by anyone.  Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you post comments or upload images or videos through the Services and other users can contact you through comments.Business Transfers: We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions.Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.Protection of Substack and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Substack, our employees, our users, or others. Is Personal Information about me secure?Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security.  Unauthorized entry or use, failure of the Services, or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.What Personal Information can I access?Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:name and passwordemail addressuser profile information, including images you may have uploaded to the siteThe information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change.  If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at privacy@substackinc.com.What choices do I have?You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above.  When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.  You may request deletion of your account by emailing us at privacy@substackinc.com. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. If you are a California consumer, please see the section further below titled "Additional Notices for California Residents" for more notices regarding your Personal Information.What if I have questions about this policy?If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to privacy@substackinc.com, and we will try to resolve your concerns.Additional Notices for California ResidentsSubstack has prepared additional disclosures and notices consistent with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Our CCPA Policy, the terms of which are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy, can be found here.© 2020 Substack Inc. See privacy, terms and information collection noticeCompany@SubstackInc AboutHelpJobsBlogWritersSwitch to SubstackWhy go paid?ResourcesHelp