http://www.c2software.com/home/privacy-statement.aspx
Products
Services
Case Studies
Resources
Blog
About Us
Menu
Products
Services
Case Studies
Resources
Blog
About Us
Specialist Areas
Microsoft Dynamics 365
Transform your organisation with Microsoft Dynamics 365
Power BI
Use Power BI for in-depth business intelligence
PowerApps
Fully functional, cross platform, desktop, tablet and mobile apps for your business
SharePoint
Powerful document management, content management and collaboration
Membership Solutions
Transform how you manage your membership with Subscribe 360 powered by Dynamics 365
Microsoft Flow
Work smart, work less, and do more with Microsoft Flow
Consultancy
The C2 consultancy team are the catalyst for delivering business transformation
Solution Implementation
C2's development team configure and customise Dynamics 365 and SharePoint for your business
Training
C2 have dedicated professional trainers and change management experts on-hand
Support
Our support team help ensure staff get the most from your investment
Deployment Services
Get the most out of your IT investment with Planning Services for Dynamics 365
Business Transformation
C2 specialise in implementing Microsoft Dynamics 365 and SharePoint to transform your organisation
ABTA
ABTA is the United Kingdom's foremost travel association
Family Building Society
The Family Building Society - a new society, created for the way we live today
Origo
Origo is the eCommerce standards and services body for the UK financial services industry
GTCS
The General Teaching Council for Scotland regulates the teaching profession
Belfast City Council
Belfast City Council is the local authority for the city of Belfast
View All
View all of our Case Studies
White Papers
A selection of in-depth papers on business transformation
Events
Check out C2’s upcoming events, we hope to see you there
Newsletters
C2’s previous newsletters offer a selection of business transformation insights
Learning Hub
Have a look through our Dynamics 365 videos in our e-Learning hub
View All
Visit the Resources Hub
View Our Blogs
Business transformation insights with the Microsoft cloud
RSS Feed
Subscribe to our RSS Feed to get the latest updates
Our DNA
Our DNA for success comes from the people within C2
About C2
Find out more about who we are and what we do
Key People
Meet the key people behind C2 that keep our business ticking
Current Vacancies
Looking for a career in the fast evolving technology industry?
Contact Us
Get in touch to discuss your business transformation project
Membership Associations
Membership, conference and event solutions on the Dynamics 365 platform
Not for profit
Pledge and donation management in Dynamics 365 for charities and not for profits
Financial Institutions
Business transformation solutions for the finance industry
View All
Explore our specialist areas
Privacy Statement
Our privacy statement explains how we collect, use and disclose information that you provide through the C2 Software website.
When you use this site, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of that information, in accordance with this privacy statement.
We are committed to fulfilling our responsibilities under the Data Protection Act 1998. We are notified to the Information Commissioner as a data controller and have taken appropriate steps to protect your privacy and information.
Security
We have a legal duty to protect your privacy. We take all appropriate steps to protect any information you submit through our website, in accordance with legislation such as the Data Protection Act 1998.
We take care to protect your personal information as you transmit it from your computer to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data and operate strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.
Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, you also have a responsibility to take reasonable steps to safeguard them.
Information about us and our website
This site is owned, managed and run by C2 Software Limited. Our address is:
Unit 2,Valentine Court,Dundee Business Park,DundeeDD2 3QB
Our privacy statement covers the C2 Software website - www.c2software.com only.
If you have any queries about the site, contact us at: info@c2software.com
Ways we collect information
Some areas of this site require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features, such as our range of online services, for example, email, online forms.
You will be informed at each of these information collection points what information is required and what information is optional.
Some of this information may be personal data (information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, address, email address, phone number).
We only collect such information when you choose to supply it to us and it is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Information is also gathered without you actively providing it, through the use of various technologies and methods such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and cookies. These methods do not collect or store personal information.
IP addresses
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), so you can access the internet. We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of our site.
Each time you log onto our site and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address.
Although we log your session with us, we will not normally link your IP address to anything that can enable us to identify you. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service or to protect our service, site, users or others.
Cookies
We use a number of cookies on our website to measure the performance of the website. These relate to Google Analytics and Clicktale. We do not use cookies for any other purpose. You can restrict the use of these cookies via your web browser.
Web Statistics
Log file analysis helps us to understand usage patterns on our website and to make improvements to our service.
Links to other websites
This site contains links and references to other websites. This privacy statement does not apply to those websites and we encourage you to read the privacy statement of every website you visit.
Notification of changes to our privacy statement
We will post details of any changes to our privacy statement on this website to help make sure you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and in what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties.
This privacy statement was last updated in October 2013.
Privacy and data protection
C2 Software is committed to fulfilling its responsibilities under the Data Protection Act 1998. It is notified to the Information Commissioner as data controller and takes appropriate steps to protect your privacy and information.
The personal information you choose to provide, such as your name, address and other contact details, will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act. It will only be used to communicate with you about a service or information you have requested.
Your personal information will not be disclosed to any outside organisation without your consent, except where it is necessary for C2 Soft to do so to comply with the law or provide this service.
C2 Newsletter
Our newsletter is sent on a quarterly basis, offering detailed insights into all aspects of business transformation with Microsoft cloud technologies. We also promote upcoming events and special offers throughout the year. Sign up to get involved today.
Products
Dynamics 365
Membership Solutions
Microsoft Flow
SharePoint Online
PowerApps
Power BI
Resources
Events
Learning Hub
Newsletters
White Papers
C2
About us
Careers
Meet key people
Contact us
Follow us
© Copyright C2 Software | Part of Utilize PLC
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Accessibility
Sitemap