http://www.priortax.com/privacy/
Priortax
9.0
10
1669
877-289-7580
contact@priortax.com
File your current 2018 and prior year federal and state returns going back through 2005
$
10 Terrace Ave
11001
Floral Park, New York,
Client Login
Create an Account
Home
Pricing
Prior Year
Current Year
Tax YearFile 2019 TaxesFile 2018 TaxesFile 2017 TaxesFile 2016 TaxesFile 2015 TaxesFile 2014 TaxesFile 2013 TaxesFile 2012 TaxesFile 2011 TaxesFile 2010 TaxesFile 2009 TaxesFile 2008 Taxes
Tax CalculatorPrior Year 2019Prior Year 2018Prior Year 2017Prior Year 2016Prior Year 2015Prior Year 2014Prior Year 2013Prior Year 2012Prior Year 2011
Tax Resolution
Blog
Business Tax
Support
Contact Support
Tax Advice
NAVIGATION: Home > Privacy Policy
Veldhuyzen & Associates LLC (VA) - Privacy Policy © 2019
Effective Date: March 17, 2017
This document states the terms of the Privacy Policy of Veldhuyzen & Associates LLC, (collectively, "We", "Us", "Our" or "VA") its subsidiaries and affiliates, including the websites owned by VA, namely www.rapidtax.com, www.priortax.com, www.latetax.com, and www.rapidrefund.net (all of whom are hereinafter referred to throughout this document as "VA"). This privacy policy is provided as required by law. It is advisable for you to bookmark this policy and check it from time to time because it may be changed in the future and you may want to keep track of changes that may be made. Keep track of the date above and if it changes that will indicate that changes may have been made to the privacy policy.
• How We Protect Your Information:
We abide by federal and state laws and regulations and we take additional steps to protect the personal and financial information you share with us when you are using our system. The steps we take are reasonable and consistent with industry practice to assure such compliance. However, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
• Security programs we adhere to and measures we take:
Third Party Programs to Further Assure Security
A.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
B. SSL - VA uses secure socket layer (SSL) encryption of data to protect the security of information you submit to us when you use our online tax filing services. SSL Certificates provides you with a technological "lock and key" system to help assure that only you can obtain access to your account and information.
C. Third Party Contractors - To the extent that personal information may be entrusted to third parties as part of our computer processing operations or as occasioned by your selection of third parties through links on our site to perform additional services for you, those companies have agreed to adhere to our Privacy policy or have in place their own Privacy Policy protecting such information. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. You agree that such third party Privacy Policies, Statements, or Contracts as stated by third parties will govern entirely your dealings with those third parties.
• Steps We Take Internally To Protect the Confidentiality of Your Information
A. Our employees are trained to safeguard your private information.
B. Customer data is encrypted so that only authorized employees are permitted to view your data.
C. VA employees are given access to your data only on a "need to know" basis and all employees have signed written employment agreements requiring them to maintain the confidentiality of VA and customer data.
D. VA employees undergo a background check before hiring
E. VA facilities are secured by various protective devices and systems.
• Your Responsibilities to Protect Your Information
A. Remember, e-mail you send us is not necessarily secure against interception. If your e-mail communication includes sensitive information like your Social Security number, bank account number, or debit, credit or charge card numbers, you may want to consider contacting us through one of our secure online forms, or by mail, or telephone. If you contact us by e-mail, you assume the risk of interception.
B. If you wish to send us secure online communication, please click here.
C. You agree that you will provide information about yourself that is accurate, current and complete. Information that is not accurate may not be subject to privacy protection.
D. You have the responsibility to protect your personal information, particularly in the context of use of the Websites, to protect your user ID, password and any other confidential access codes. VA does not have responsibility for your actions in failing to protect your user ID, password or any other confidential access codes. In the event you think your user ID, password or any other confidential access codes has been disclosed to others, please notify the websites at contact@priortax.com.
E. You must maintain the confidentiality of what you submit to us, for example, you must sign out properly so that no one else may gain access to your account. Make sure you click on the "sign out" button. You must notify us of any theft of your personal data as soon as you become aware that there might have been a loss (within 2 days).
F. VA has no liability for problems created by your actions as described in this clause (VA's liability is covered more extensively in its Terms and Conditions).
The security of your personal information is important to us.  We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at contact@rapidtax.com.
• How and what do we collect?
A. We may collect information about your visit to our Websites, including the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you may take on our Websites. We also collect the standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses.
B. We also collect information about our visitors’ age, gender, and general interests principally by way of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. This data is used solely for internal marketing purposes and is never shared with any third party. The information gathered enables us to improve our services through better targeting of the specific needs of our core audiences. As a visitor to our site, you can choose not to share this data by opting-out of Google Analytics. You may do so by installing the Google Analytics opt-out Browser add-on.
C. If you wish to use certain of the services available at the Websites you may be asked to sign in by providing an e-mail address and creating a password; and on some pages you may be asked to provide additional information such as name, home and/or business address and/or telephone or cell telephone number; and further asked to provide your age, gender, preferences, interests, and personal financial information; and if you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and expiration date, billing address and two forms of secure ID.
D. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
E. VA and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
We use cookies. A "cookie" is a small piece of information that our we may send to your computer when you visit our Websites. Cookies are used for a variety of purposes such as storing user id number and password so that our Websites remember who you are when you return and therefore permit you to regain access to areas that are limited to registered users . Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
F. Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting. We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking  Here.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
• How do we use the information we collect?
A. If you receive e-mail from us such as newsletters or other mailings, we may use "Web beacons" (these are small pieces of data embedded on the pages of websites), customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail we sent has been opened and which links you click. We may combine the information we collect about you from one Website or service with others, including information from other companies. All of this is done to better design our services for your benefit, and to afford you a more efficient, consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with our Websites. For example, we may do this to find out your general geographic area so that we may customize our offerings and services for you. If you DO NOT wish to receive marketing emails, you may opt out by using the following link:
Click Here to Opt Out
B. VA collects non-personally identifiable information and changes personally identifiable information into non-personally identifiable information by combining it with other information, or by removing personal characteristics that make it identifiable to one person. Neither the law, nor VA's Privacy Policy restrict the use of non-personally identifiable information and VA may use this or share it with others within its sole discretion.
C. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at contact@rapidtax.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets -
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Testimonials -
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us directly.
Public Forum -
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Collection and Use of Third Party Personal Information -
You may also provide personal information about other people, such as their name, date of birth and gender. This information is only used for the sole purpose of completing your request or for whatever reason it may have been provided.
• Change of Policy
VA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, subject to applicable law. If VA makes a material change to its privacy policies, including a material change in the way we disclose your information or a material change of policy due to a sale or transfer or our business, we will notify you at least 30 days prior to the effective date of such a change. We will notify you by using one of the following methods: (1) we will post a notice on the Websites at rapidtax.com, rapidtaxrefund.com, rapidrefund.net, priortax.com and taxpack.com describing the change; or (2) we will send you an e-mail at the last e-mail address you have given us, notifying you of the change. You may also have additional rights under state or federal law in the event of a change in our privacy policy.
• Contact for Questions or Complaints and to give Notice
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, contact us by clicking here, or by calling 877-289-7580, or by mail:
Veldhuyzen & Associates LLC
10 Terrace Ave,
Floral Park, NY 11001
• Do We Share the Data You Provide Us With, and if Yes, With Whom Do We Share?
Generally, we do not disclose your personal information to anyone outside VA without your consent, subject to some exceptions stated below.
A. Of course, we will use your personal information to: a) provide you with our services and products; b) to respond to your questions about our services and products; and c) to offer you other services and products that we believe may be of interest to you.
B. Disclosures may be made in connection with legal proceedings or government investigations as described below in Disclosures Required By Law.
C. Disclosures may be made if the business is sold as described below in Mergers or Acquisitions.
D. Information may be disclosed to people or companies that we hire to do work for us. We contract with such people or companies to protect your information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, specifically not to use it except in performing services for VA.
E. Information you disclose to third parties that you may have contacted through links on the Websites or through other access enabled through the Websites are subject to the Privacy Policies of those third parties and you agree that such third party privacy policies will govern your relationship with those third parties and VA is relieved of any liability as to information supplied to third parties, even if it is done through initial contacts through the Websites or through continuing communication through the Websites. The governing determination shall be made by reference to who is paid for the service. If you pay VA for the services or products our privacy policy governs, then you pay the third party for the services or products their privacy policy governs.
• Disclosures Required By Law
In certain situations, VA may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. VA may disclose your information when required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, and/or when we believe it is necessary to protect VA from litigation or adverse publicity.
• California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of VA who are California residents to request certain information regarding VA's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to contact@priortax.com or write us:
Veldhuyzen & Associates LLC
10 Terrace Ave
Floral Park, NY 11001
The State of California has a website that provides information on your privacy rights (see oag.ca.gov/privacy).
• Personal Account Information
A. Prior to submission of your tax return, you may change your personal account information at any time to correct inaccuracies by signing into your account.
B. After the submission of your tax return, you may change your personal account information by calling us at 877-289-7580 or through our secure message system.
C. Changes to minor information (for example your address or phone number) you supplied on your tax return may be made by calling the IRS directly at 800-829-1040. Changes that affect your tax liability may only be made by filing an amended return. If you need to file an amended return, please call us at 877-289-7580.
D. Upon request VA will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page [or by emailing our Customer Support at contact@rapidtax.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed under “Contact for Questions or Complaints and to give Notice”. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
• Children's Privacy Notice
The Websites are not designed or intended to, nor do they contain content for children, particularly children under 13 years of age. While VA abides by the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) in that VA does not solicit or collect identifiable personal information from children under 13 years old, VA urges parents to participate in and be aware of the use of the Internet by their children.
• Mergers or Acquisitions
A. VA may sell all or part of its business, including personal information about you. In such a case we will notify you by e-mail to the last current e-mail address that our records indicate for you and by posting a notice on the appropriate Websites at least 30 days prior to the transfer of the data. You will also be notified of any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
B. VA may transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of a sale or transfer of all or part of VA's assets, pursuant to an agreement that the third party acquirer agrees to continue this privacy policy or use one that provides reasonably similar protection.
Home
Tax Information
Tax Blog
Tax Debt Resolution
Get Support
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
File 2019 TaxesFile 2018 TaxesFile 2017 TaxesFile 2016 TaxesFile 2015 TaxesFile 2014 TaxesFile 2013 TaxesFile 2012 TaxesFile 2011 TaxesFile 2010 TaxesFile 2009 TaxesFile 2008 Taxes
Copyright © 2005-2020
Veldhuyzen & Associates LLC. All rights reserved.