https://www.media99.com/termsofuse.htm
Florist eCommerce Services
Custom, Responsive Florist Websites
Unlimitied Products & Categories
Sell Your Flowers
Point of Sale Integration
Online Florist Marketing Tools
Florist Wedding Gallery
Florist eCommerce Support
SiteWorks
The Florist HelpDesk
Newsletters
Automatic Holiday Updates
About Media99
Serving Florists since 1998
Our Rates
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Media99 Terms of Use
In using this website you are deemed to
have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies
to these Terms of Use, Privacy policy, and any or all
Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person
accessing this website and accepting the Media99’s Terms of Use. "The
Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to Media99.
“Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and Media99, or either
the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and
consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance
to the Client in the most appropriate manner.  Any use of the above terminology or other
words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are
taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Confidentiality
Client
records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any
third party, unless legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities.
Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all client records
we keep related to said client, given that we are given reasonable notice of
such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued
in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue
Client’s with the appropriate written information or copies of records as part
of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your
personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for
unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company to its Clients will only be
in connection with the provision of agreed services and products. See the
Media99 Privacy Policy for more information.
Disclaimer
Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, Media99:
excludes
all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or
which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party,
including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or
Media99’s literature; and
excludes
all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this
website. This includes, without limitation: direct loss; loss of business or
profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the
normal course of things or you have advised Media99 of the possibility of such
potential loss); damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and
programs and the data thereon; or any other direct or indirect, consequential
and incidental damages.
Availability
Unless
otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available to
clients in the floral industry. All advertising is intended solely for the
florist market. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its
content is prohibited without the express written consent of Media99.
Media99 does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted,
timely or error free. By using
this service you thereby indemnify Media99, its employees, agents, and
affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Cookies
Like
most interactive web sites Media99’s website uses cookies to enable us to
retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our
site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people
visiting. Some of our affiliate partners or clients may also use cookies.
Links to this website
Clients may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior
written consent from Media99. If you do create a link to a page of this website
without said consent, you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and
limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to
it.
Links from this website
Opinions expressed or material appearing on any linked websites is not necessarily
shared or endorsed by Media99, and Media99 should not be regarded as the
publisher of such opinions or material. We encourage our users to be aware when
they leave our site to read the privacy statements of any visited sites. You
should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to
this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any
personal information to them. Media99 will not accept any responsibility for
any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your
disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Solicitation of Contact
Submission of the contact us form,
inquiry emails and/or phone calls, usage of SiteWorks, or usage of the HelpDesk are considered permission to contact the
sender at Media99’s discretion. Any requests to remove the inquirer from any
contact lists will be processed and fulfilled.
Copyright Notice
Copyright
and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text, images, and
digital media relating to Media99’s services and the full content of this
website. Any infringement upon this notice will be pursued under legal counsel,
and action taken as advised from said legal counsel.
Communication
Media99
has several different e-mail addresses for different inquiries. These, along
with other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us page on our website, via Media99 literature, or via the
Media99’s stated telephone or fax numbers.
This
company is registered as a Limited Liability Company, LLC, with the Office of
the Secretary of the State of Arkansas, United States of America.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be
liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any agreement
which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not
limited to: an Act of God; terrorism; war; political insurgence; insurrection;
riot; civil unrest; act of civil or military authority; uprising; earthquake;
flood; or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control
which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor
which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any party affected by such event shall
forthwith inform the other party of the same and shall use all reasonable
endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any agreement contained
herein.
Waiver
Failure of either party
to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any agreement, or
the failure of either party to exercise any right or remedy to which they are
entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a
diminution of the obligations under this or any agreement. No waiver of any of
the provisions of this or any agreement shall be effective unless it is
expressly stated and agreed to by Media99 and their clients.
General
By
accessing this website and employing Media99’s services
you consent to these Terms of Use. If any of these terms are deemed
invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the
exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable
provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will
continue to apply. Failure of Media99 to enforce any of the provisions set out
in these Terms of Use and any agreement, or failure to exercise any option to
terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not
affect the validity of these Terms of Use or of any agreement or any part
thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These
Terms of Use may be amended, modified, varied, or supplemented in writing and
signed by duly authorized representatives of Media99 as necessary.
Notification of Changes
Media99
reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit
and your continued use of the site and/or services will signify your acceptance
of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy
policy, we will announce that these changes have been made via electronic mail,
the Media99 HelpDesk, or social media. If there are any changes in how we use
our client’s Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail will
be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy
will be posted on our web site or HelpDesk a minimum of 30 days prior to these
changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a
regular basis.
These terms and conditions form part of
the agreement between the Client and Media99 LLC. Your accessing of this
website and/or undertaking of services rendered indicates your understanding,
agreement to, and acceptance of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms of Use
contained herein.
© Media99 2013. All Rights Reserved
Updated on 02/05/2013
Home
About Media99
Portfolio
Our Services
Contact Media99
Florist Resource Center
Newsletter Subscription
Webmail Login
Access the HelpDesk
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Media99, LLC.
103 E. Van Buren #163
Eureka Springs, AR 72632
870-931-3159
Email:sales@media99.com
©Media99, LLC 1998-2016. All rights reserved.