https://www.top-windows-tutorials.com/privacy-policy/
Categories Menu
Home
Browse Site
Browse categories
Search
Contact
Forum
Newsletter
Help
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Home »
Help/About » Top-Windows-Tutorials.com privacy policy
Posted
on Apr 16, 2013 in Help/About, Terms and Conditions | 0 comments
Top-Windows-Tutorials.com privacy policy
Top-Windows-Tutorials.com/ACEL Systems provides this web site as a service.
We recognise that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use Top-Windows-Tutorials.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Top-Windows-Tutorials / ACEL Systems strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers, consumers and online visitors privacy on our web site.
Personal Information
Top-Windows-Tutorials / ACEL Systems collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our web site only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number.
This data is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, sign up to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our web site, notify our visitors of updates and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
When you make a purchase
Orders placed on Top-Windows-Tutorials.com are fulfilled by our e-commerce partners. For digital downloads, our e-commerce partners are E-junkie.com and Clickbank.com. To review E-Junkie’s privacy policy, click here. To review Clickbank.com’s privacy policy, click here.
For physical products, our orders are fulfilled by Kunaki.com. To review Kunaki.com’s privacy policy, click here.
We do not store customer names, addresses or financial details on our servers. These details are held and processed by our partners.
Once an order is placed we will either ship the items/provide the service you ordered or issue a refund if there is a problem with the order. We cannot charge your card again unless you submit a new order.
When you make a purchase on our site, your customer information is kept on-file for accounting and tax purposes. This information may include your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. It does NOT include your credit/debit card number. Top-Windows-Tutorials.com / ACEL Systems has no access to your full credit/debit card number at any time.
In order for full compliance with European tax laws, our third party partners may be obliged to request and store your address details when you purchase a digital download product. For more details, consult the Clickbank.com privacy policy.
When you sign up to our forum or newsletter
We collect only usernames, e-mail addresses and IP addresses when you sign up to participate on our forum or through our newsletter.
This information is held on file so that you can receive the newsletter or continue to participate in our forums. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, you can use the unsubscribe link in the newsletter or contact us directly. If you no longer wish to participate in the forums and wish for your account to be purged, please contact us directly.
We use an external SMTP server to deliver our newsletter –
What that means is, we write the newsletter and pass it on to a third party to deliver it to your inbox. The company we use is SendGrid and their privacy policy can be found here. E-mail is not a secure means of communication. Once an e-mail leaves our servers or SendGrid’s servers, it is often bounced around different servers (computers) on the internet as it works its way to its final destination. Neither ACEL Systems nor SendGrid have any control over this. We cannot make guarantees that every third party that processes the e-mail along the way will be fully GDPR compliant.
When visiting our site
IP addresses are logged to prevent abuse and spam. An IP address cannot be used to personally identify you without additional data from your ISP that is not available to us.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site’s services, a cookie enables Top-Windows-Tutorials / ACEL Systems to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your web browser. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single web site or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site.
We may serve third party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web site. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn’t cause a problem with our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on the sites you visit on the internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie, or learn more about its use, by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. No personally identifiable information is provided or collected through this system.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
This web site is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyse trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organisations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If Top-Windows-Tutorials / ACEL Systems is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our web site of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honours any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our web site and would like that information deleted from our records, would like to review this information or would like to update or correct that information, please click on this link and use our Contact Us page.
Updates and Effective Date
Top-Windows-Tutorials / ACEL Systems reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to Top-Windows-Tutorials.com Privacy Policy as posted here on this web site, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
Back to Terms and Conditions
Back to Home Page
Share this:FacebookPinterestTwitter
Related
Post a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.
Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.
Explore more:-
Advanced Skins and Themes
Anti-spyware Tutorials
Antivirus Tutorials
Backup
Backup Tutorials
Basic Themes
Cloud Computing
Convert DVDs
Convert tapes to MP3
Data Privacy
Desktop Enhancements
Firewall Tutorials
forum
Help/About
Instant Messaging
Instant Messaging Tutorials
Internet Safety Tutorials
Introduction to Backup
Make Windows Faster
Microsoft Office
Multimedia
Newsletter
Online Safety
OpenOffice.org Writer
Optimise your Display
PC Data Privacy
PC Maintenance
PC-Basics
Planning A Backup
Play DVD's
Privacy Tutorials
Problems Using our Site?
Remote Support services
Skins and Themes
Smarter Surfing
Superguides
Supplemental Backup Tutorials
Tackling Malware
Technical Support
Terms and Conditions
Troubleshoot Windows
Troubleshooting Compatibility
Tweaking Windows
Uncategorized
Update Windows
Using the Internet
Welcome
What are Firewalls?
What are Superguides?
Windows 10
Windows 10 Superguide
Windows 7
Windows 7 Superguide
Windows 7 Superguide 2
Windows 8
Windows 8 Superguide
Windows Basics
Windows Media Player
Windows Photo Software
Windows Vista
Windows XP
Working with Files
Home
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.