http://www.php4script.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Third Parties
We do not rent, sell, or exchange your names, personal information, or email address to third-party companies for their marketing purposes. We do provide your information to reputable organizations that help us to fulfill your order. For example, we use companies to verify and process credit card transactions, and to deliver packages. These third parties are not authorized to use your information for any reason other than to fulfill our service.
We may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties if necessary to comply with applicable laws, subpoenas, or court orders.
Cookies and other computer information
When you visit www.php4script.com, small text files known as “cookies” will be stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie allows us to enhance and customize your online shopping experience and improve the design of our site. These cookies store random ID numbers and information about your first and last visits, number of visits, shopping cart contents, Express, and affiliate referrers. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you may also erase cookies from your browser after your shopping session. If you delete our cookies, you limit our ability to personalize www.php4script.com for your next shopping visit; however, deleting a cookie will not prevent you from shopping and purchasing at our site in the future.
We also may collect certain technical information from your computer when you visit www.php4script.com. This technical information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer’s operating system, browser type and the address of a referring website, if any. Except in the case of IP addresses, this technical information cannot be used to identify you personally. Further, we do not normally use IP addresses to identify anyone. We may do so, however, to identify abuse, fraud, or illegal use to our website or other unauthorized activities.
How do we protect the security of your information?
We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. Our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. We also advise all www.php4script.com employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company’s business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.
All information transmitted through www.php4script.com is stored on our secure server. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is designed to encrypt your information, preventing an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading your information. Your web browser should display a web address with an “https” prefix, indicating that the SSL technology is operating when using certain portions of our website like our online payment processor.
Do we link to other websites?
www.php4script.com sometimes provides links to other companies’ websites. Unless we expressly say otherwise, a link to another website does not mean that we are responsible for, or that we endorse the content or policy of that website. When you provide information at one of those sites, you are subject to that site’s privacy policy. We encourage you to read that website’s policies before submitting any information if you have concerns about how information may be collected or used.
Changes to the www.php4script.com Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was posted on www.php4script.com on April 3, 2006. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. If we make any significant change to this policy, we will provide notice of the change through email and on www.php4script.com.