http://www.virusbtn.com/about-vb/privacy-policy/cookies/
Virus Bulletin :: Cookies
NewsletterVB ConferenceVB TestingBulletinBlog
Cookies
How VB uses cookies
Cookie information
A cookie is a piece of text that gets entered into the memory of your browser by a website, allowing the website to store information on your machine and later retrieve it. This website uses cookies so that we can improve your browsing experience.
Most internet browsers allow the use of cookies to be enabled or disabled. To find out more about cookies and how to disable them, please refer to www.allaboutcookies.org. For specific instructions about how to enable or disable cookies on your computer, please also refer to the documentation for your browser software.
If you do not wish to allow cookies, please disable cookies before continuing to use this website. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the website may be functionally limited.Cookies used on www.virusbulletin.com
These are the cookies that we use on our main website:
cookies_allowed: this cookie remembers your preference regarding accepting cookies (expressed in the pop-up box that appears on the bottom of the screen), so that once accepted, we will not ask you again about this. This cookie is remembered by your browser for 1 year.
CONCRETE5: this cookie tracks your browser session and is deleted when you close your browser.
_ga, _gid, _gat, AMP_TOKEN, _gac_<property-id>: these cookies collect information for Google Analytics about how visitors use our website, so that we can get statistics on the number of visitors to the site and pages visited. For more information on how Google Analytics uses cookies, please read Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites.Please note that blocking/deleting these cookies does not disable Google Analytics tracking.Cookies used on extranet.virusbulletin.com
These are the cookies used on our extranet site:
PHPSESSID: this cookie tracks your browser session and is deleted when you close your browser. This cookie is the only vital cookie and the extranet website is the only part of Virus Bulletin's web presence that requires cookies to function.
userCakeUser: this cookie makes sure you are automatically logged in next time you visit the extranet website. It is only activated when a user logs into the extranet website and ticks the 'Remember me' checkbox. Its duration is set to one week.Last updated: 01 June 2016
About Us
Information about Virus Bulletin
Advisory Board
The group of expert advisers supporting Virus Bulletin's activities
Contact Us
How to get in touch with Virus Bulletin's team
Press Information
Press information and resources from Virus Bulletin
Logos
Download Virus Bulletin logos
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy of Virus Bulletin Ltd
Terms and Conditions
The terms and conditions for using this website
Job vacancy: Security Evangelist
Be the public face of Virus Bulletin
Job vacancy: Security Evangelist
Be the public face of Virus Bulletin
About us
Contact us
Advisory board
Press information
Security events calendar
Virus Bulletin newsletter
Testing
VB100
VBSpam
VBWeb
Consultancy services
Spammers' Compendium
VB2019 (London)
VB2018 (Montreal)
VB2017 (Madrid)
VB2016 (Denver)
VB2015 (Prague)
Older conferences
©1989-2020 Virus Bulletin.        Privacy policy        Cookies        Terms and Conditions
We have placed cookies on your device in order to improve the functionality of this site, as outlined in our cookies policy. However, you may delete and block all cookies from this site and your use of the site will be unaffected. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to Virus Bulletin's use of data as outlined in our privacy policy.