http://www.revolution.ca/privacy-policy/
Let’s Get Started
Our Work
Services
Pay Online
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Information Collection, Use & Security
Revolution Media is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We take every precaution to protect and secure our databases and user’s information, and we will not sell, share or rent this information to others.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on our website. Cookies are text-only pieces of information that a website transfers to your browser for record-keeping purposes. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. We use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience, for analytics, and for marketing. You can choose to visit our web sites without cookies, but in some cases certain services, features and functionality may not be available. To visit without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics Advertising features for Interests and Demographics reporting. The information collected uses cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visit to the Revolution media website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. If you prefer to opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features, you may do so through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means.
IP Addresses
We collect and analyze traffic on our websites by keeping track of the IP addresses of our visitors. We log this information so that we can monitor things like the number of visitors visiting the websites, analyze trends, administer the site and gather broad demographic information. We do not link your IP address to any personally identifying information.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should email Revolution Media at info@revolution.ca.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Revolution Media retains the right to occasionally update this Privacy Policy in response to changing business circumstances and legal developments.