http://www.webdesignstarter.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy - A Beginners Guide to Site Buildinglearn how to design, build, market and profit online
Home
Quick Start
Design
Build
Market
Profit
Contact Us
About Us
Site Menu
Newsletter
Home
Quick Start
Design
Build
Market
Profit
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Ebusinessstarter.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy. All information
collected through this site will be kept confidential. It will not be sold,
rented, traded, loaned, or otherwise disclosed to any other party unless we
receive your explicit consent. Please read the following statement to understand
how your personal information will be treated as you make full use
The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information may be
collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the
collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy
policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity
that is collecting your personal information.
Gathering of Information
Voluntary Submission
Ebusinessstarter.com does not collect personally identifying information about
any individual Ebusinessstarter.com Web site user except when knowingly provided
by such individual. For example, we may ask you for information when you register
to receive a newsletter or free report. You always have the option not to provide
the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we
request, you can still visit most of the Ebusinessstarter.com Web site, but
you may be unable to access certain options and services. We may use your personal
information to contact you for promotional purposes, such as with informational
e-mail messages. In any such case, we will provide a clear means for you to
remove yourself from future mailings.
Cookies
A cookie is a data file that certain Web sites write to your computer's hard
drive when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information, such
as a user identification code, that the site uses to track the pages you have
visited. Ebusinessstarter.com uses cookies solely to track user traffic patterns
throughout the Ebusinessstarter.com Web site. This data use this data on an
anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with personal data
of any user.
Most Web site browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change
your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, or to
refuse all cookies. However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies
from our Web site, you may not be able to use certain features of the site.
Browser Level Information
Ebusinessstarter.com Web servers automatically collect information about a
site user's IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this information
from the user's browser (information provided by every user's browser). This
information is collected in a database and used--in an aggregated, anonymous
manner--in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our Web site. This
information is automatically logged by most Web sites.
Use of Information
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience
on our Web site. We achieve this goal by, among other things, providing interactive
communications such as our electronic newsletters to the e-mail address that
you provide to us, and developing future content based on your interests. To
develop content targeted to your interests, we use aggregated user information
to determine which areas of our Web site users prefer based upon traffic to
those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but instead how well
each page or content area performs overall.
Ebusinessstarter.com may also disclose information about our users when we
believe, in good faith, that the disclosure is required by law.
Kids under 13: Do not send any information about yourself to us--including
information such as your name, address, or e-mail address. We do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the
event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child
under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete
that information from our database as quickly as possible.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please feel free
to contact us by e-mail at Web Design Starter.
This statement may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
DEFINITIONS:
Browser type: A user's browser is a software program running on a computer
that allows users to access documents on the World Wide Web. Browsers can be
either text or graphic. They read HTML coded pages that reside on a server
and interpret the coding into what the user sees as Web pages. Netscape Navigator
and Microsoft Internet Explorer are examples of Web browsers. Browser type
typically discloses hardware platform, operating system, and browser software
and version.
Referrer: The referrer is the URL of the Internet resource or page that
causes a browser to request a page or image from Ebusinessstarter.com servers.
IP address: Every computer connected to the Internet has a numeric address
called an "IP address." This may or may not correspond uniquely to a particular
computer. In some cases, IP addresses can be resolved to domain names, which
may indicate a site visitor's Internet service provider, employer, university,
etc. As part of its database analysis Ebusinessstarter.com resolves IP addresses
to domain names.
For more information on general rules concerning the use of customer data,
go to www.networkadvertising.org.
About Us |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us |
Links |
© 2003—2013. How to Create a Website - E-Business Starter, Learn How to Design, Build, Market and Profit Online. All Rights Reserved.
Proud member of the International Association of Home Business Entrepreneurs