http://www.wavelengthinteractive.com/privacypolicy.php
Home
About Us
Services
Success Stories
Resources
Contact Us
Client Login
Privacy Policy
Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned or otherwise disclosed. We only collect personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Any information you provide will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to ask.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We do not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease any personal information collected at our site to outside parties.
Data Collection
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information, including their e-mail address. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Unsubscribe
Information provided by you may be used for marketing and promotional purposes. To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications directed to you, we allow you to “opt out” by sending e-mail to webmaster@wavelengthinteractive.com.
Browser Information Collected on the Web Site
We analyze our Web site logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on our Web site. Our Web site logs contain no personally-identifying data aside from the Internet Protocol address at which you are connected to the Internet. We make no attempt to link them with the individuals who actually browse the site.
Links
This site may contain links to third-party sites. Such links do not necessarily mean that we endorse or accept responsibility for the content or use of such Web sites.
How to Reach Us
If you ever feel uncertain about whether this site is following the privacy policy we have described here, please notify us by sending e-mail to webmaster@wavelengthinteractive.com. We will make every reasonable effort to find and correct the problem promptly.
This site contains proprietary and copyrighted information. Any unauthorized use is prohibited.
Home | About Us
|
Services | Success Stories
| Resources | Contact Us
Privacy Policy
| Site Map
© 2006-2009 Wavelength Interactive Communications, LLC
Web site designed and maintained by Wavelength Interactive Communications, LLC
XHTML |
CSS |
508