https://www.londonwebfactory.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
1. The London Web Factory is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you.  We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK.
2. When you order, we need to know your name, address, email address, telephone number, purpose of visit and card details.  This allows us to process and fulfil your order and for newsletters and offer updates if you have requested them. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the order process. This information is collected upon registration and can be updated by you using the prompts.
3. We might use your personal information to update you about new products/services.
4. We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons, beyond the essential requirement for credit/debit card validation during purchase.
5. We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.
We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it.  In order to maintain the accuracy of our database, you can check, update or remove your personal details by sending an email via this form .
We use a technology called “cookies” as part of a normal business procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site.  A cookie is an element of data that our Website sends to your browser which is then stored on your system. They are also used to track the contents of your shopping cart if you choose to purchase goods.  You can set your browser to prevent this happening.  Any information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings.
Each web page access is recorded in a log file. The contents of the log file are analysed each week and each month to determine how many visitors we serve, what pages they look at most, and from where they connect. This information is not shared with anyone outside our organisation.
6. In order to process credit/debit card transactions, the bank or card processing agency may require to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the EEA (European Economic Area).  Your information will not be transferred outside the EEA for any other purpose.
7. If you have any questions about privacy please contact us.
What Next? Ask advice or arrange a free no-obligation quotation. Call the London Web Factory on 0203 962 1942 or you can email us.
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn MoreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only