https://www.zasio.com/about-us/privacy-notice/
Skip to contentSoftwareRecords Management SoftwareVersatile ExpressVersatile ProfessionalVersatile EnterpriseVersatile Enterprise LEVersatile ERMSRecords Retention SoftwareLearn MoreConsultingAssessments and EvaluationsInformation GovernanceCompliance SimplificationInnovating ProgramsOngoing MaintenanceMeet Our ConsultantsRequest AssessmentIndustriesSupportNews & KnowledgeAboutCareersContact UsPrivacy NoticeLast Modified: February 27, 2020Your privacy is important to Zasio Enterprises, Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “Zasio”). Accordingly, we developed this Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) to explain how we collect, use, share, and store your personal data.Our Privacy Practices at a Glance:We collect personal data that is best described as business contact information (e.g., name, title, email, phone number, and business address) primarily to provide our products and services, and to communicate with you.We also automatically collect data from those who visit our website through cookies and similar technology. Learn more here.We do not sell personal data that we collect.We do not collect personal data from children.For additional information regarding our privacy practices, click on the sections below:What is personal data?Broadly, the term personal data refers to information that can be used to identify an individual, alone or in combination with other personal or identifying information.Who are we and what types of personal data do we collect?We are an information governance company that offers both technology and consulting services to help other companies manage their information. Our products and services are developed for the purposes of supporting other businesses. This is often referred to as a business-to-business or B2B business model. As a business partner for companies, our products and services are not intended for individuals/consumers.We collect personal data from individuals that are employed by or represent business prospects, customers, and business partners. We also collect personal data from those that visit our website.A. Information Provided VoluntarilyWe collect information about you when you choose to voluntarily provide them to us. This includes when you complete any type of online form to contact us or to request information about our software solutions or consulting services. The types of information collected include some or all the following:First and Last NameProfessional information such as job title and name of your companyContact information such as work email address and phone numberB. Information Collected AutomaticallyWhen you visit our website, we may automatically collect personal data from your device. This may include the following types of personal data:IP addressDevice typeUnique device identification numberBrowser typeDate and time of the sessionGeographical locationHow your device interacts with our website (including the pages accessed and links clicked)Other technical-related informationThis information may be collected using cookies, web beacons, and other similar types of technology. To learn more about the tracking technologies that we use, click here.C. Information from Third PartiesWe may receive information about you from our business partners such as those who provide us with marketing and advertising services. In addition, we may receive information about you from social media platforms, public databases, and other commercially available resources.What do we do with your personal data?We use the personal data collected in the following ways:To provide you with our products and services.To maintain our billing and customer accounts and records, as well as to make payments where we retain services.To respond to your questions, feedback, or requests for more information, and provide you with required notices, or otherwise communicate with you.To develop our business relationship if you have or are interested in a business or professional relationship with us.To improve your interactions with our website by customizing your experiences and creating opportunities for more active engagement with us.To protect our company, our customers, our website, and others as part of our security practices.To analyze the effectiveness of advertisement and web searches, conduct research to improve our products, services, and customer communications, and to inform you of new products, services, features, updates, news releases, events, and presentations.To investigate, prevent, or otherwise act regarding illegal activities, fraud, violation of our Terms of Use, Acceptable Use Policy, or as otherwise required by law.To enhance or merge the personal data we have about you with information obtained from other sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, and other third parties.To use as otherwise permitted by law, but not specifically disclosed above.Do you sell the personal data collected?We do not sell personal data collected to other people or non-affiliated companies.Do you share the personal data collected?We may share your personal data under the following circumstances:We may retain service providers to perform services on our behalf. For example, these providers may use your personal data to help us provide our products and services to you, and/or communicate with you about our products, services, offers, updates, or upcoming events. These service providers, however, do not have the independent right to share this information.We may be required to disclose your personal data where required by law or in order to comply with a legal or regulatory requirement (e.g., court order, legal process, a regulatory requirement).We may share your personal data during the sale or transfer of a business unit or an asset to another company, including during bankruptcy or similar proceedings. In such instances, and where we have the ability, we will require that company to protect and use your personal data in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.Does this Privacy Notice apply when we visit third party websites and services through links on the website?Our website or consulting deliverables may contain or cite to third party websites as a source or point of interest. These websites are not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for how these third-party websites operate or treat your personal data. We encourage you to review their specific privacy policies and terms.Do we collect information about children?As a business partner for companies, we do not intentionally collect personal data about children. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child who you believe has provided us with personal data, you may contact us at privacy@zasio.com to request deletion from our records.How do we protect your personal data?We limit access to personal data about you to employees whom we believe reasonably need to come into contact with your personal data in order to deliver our products and services to your company or otherwise communicate news, events, activities, products, or services. All employees are required to abide by strict confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we also implement suitable physical, logical, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the personal data that we collect from you.Where do you store the personal data?Personal data collected through our website, products, and services are stored on servers in the United States, and these servers are subject to our security policies and procedures. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that your personal data, once collected, will be transferred to servers in the United States, and the United States currently does not have uniform data protection laws.How do you contact us?If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or wish to access, correct, or update your personal data, please contact us by emailing privacy@zasio.com, or write to the following address:Zasio Enterprises, Inc. 401 West Front Street, Suite 305 Boise, Idaho 83702Updates to this Privacy NoticeWe may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The changes will take effect immediately upon posting on this page and indicate at the top when it was last updated. You should periodically check back to see if the Privacy Notice has been updated.We will provide notice of the changes that materially impact the way we process your personal data. This notice may be through an email address if you provided such to us, or by posting the notice of changes on this website. Go to Top
By continuing to use this site, or by clicking “I Accept,” you acknowledge that this website uses cookies to track performance and analytics, and may be used for other purposes as described in the Zasio Cookie Notice. I ACCEPTZasio Cookie Notice