http://www.cragsystems.co.uk/privacy_policy.htm
CRaG Systems Modelling Training and Consultancy
UML, BPMN, SysML & EA      sales@cragsystems.co.uk      01782 785045
Toggle navigation
CRaG Systems
Courses/Workshops
UML Courses and Workshops
BPMN Courses and Workshops
RT-UML Courses and Workshops
SysML Courses and Workshops
Sparx EA Courses and Workshops
Pricing
On-Site Course Pricing
On-Site Workshop Pricing
On-site Consultancy Pricing
Remote Course Pricing
Remote Workshop Pricing
Remote Consultancy Pricing
General
About CRaG Systems
Course Catalogue
Course Administration
Consultancy
Resources
Site Map
Why Use Modelling Tools On Courses?
Contact CRaG Systems
About CRaG Systems
Course Catalogue
Course Administration
Consultancy
Resources
Site Map
Contact
Courses & Workshops
UML Courses and Workshops
BPMN Courses and Workshops
RT-UML Courses and Workshops
SysML Courses and Workshops
Sparx EA Courses and Workshops
On-Site Pricing
On-Site Course Pricing
On-Site Workshop Pricing
On-site Consultancy Pricing
Remote Pricing
Remote Course Pricing
Remote Workshop Pricing
Remote Consultancy Pricing
Modelling Tools
Why Use Modelling Tools On Courses?
CRaG Systems Modelling Trainingand Consultancy
sales@cragsystems.co.uk
01782 785045
CRaG Systems Privacy Policy
How we use your information
This privacy policy tells you what to expect when CRaG Systems collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our website
People who use our services
Job applicants and our current and former employees
Visitors to our website
When someone visits www.cragsystems.co.uk we collect standard
internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the
number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify
anyone other than by association with the IP address of the requesting device. We do not make any attempt to find
out the identities of those visiting our website. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with
any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information
through our website then we will say so and explain why we are collecting it and what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by CRaG Systems
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely
used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies,
including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form,
including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google regarding Google Analytics
Google Advertising cookies
Google serves ads on our website through their AdSense program. They use a variety of methods to deliver ads that are relevant.
These methods include serving ads based on the content of our site. In addition they may serve ads based on your interests. As
you browse Google sites or websites that have partnered with Google or use and download applications on your device, Google may
place cookies or anonymous identifiers in your browser or on your device to understand
the types of pages visited, content that you viewed or applications on your mobile device.
Based on this information and/or
anonymized partner data, Google associates your cookies or anonymous identifiers with relevant interest categories and uses
these categories to show interest-based ads. For example, if you frequently visit travel websites, Google may show more ads
related to travel. Or, if you download a golf application, Google may show you ads related to golf. Google may also show you
ads related to the content of sites in your recent browsing history.
Google can also use the types of pages that you have visited,
content that you have viewed, or applications on your device to infer demographics like your gender and age category. For example,
if the sites that you visit and applications you download have a majority of female visitors (based on aggregated survey data on
site visitation or application usage), Google may associate your cookies and anonymous identifiers with the female demographic category.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google regarding Google Advertising.
People who use the CRaG Systems telephone line
When you call the CRaG Systems telephone line we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. We use this information
to help improve its efficiency and effectiveness.
People who use CRaG Systems services
CRaG Systems offers various training and consultancy services both to the public and to organisations. We have to hold
the details of the people who have requested a service and anyone involved in it's administration, as well as those who
will be attending the requested courses, workshops and seminars, in order to
provide the service. However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely
related purposes. For example, we might use information about people who have requested a service or attended a course, workshop
or seminar to carry out a survey to find out if they are happy with the level of service they received. We may also use that
information to contact those companies and individuals who have contracted our services to inform them
of other services we may provide. We may, on occasion, use a third party to carry out those services, but if we
do, then that third party is only allowed to use the information for the purpose of carrying out the service on our behalf.
Job applicants, current and former CRaG Systems employees
When individuals apply to work at CRaG Systems we will only use the information they supply to us to process their
application and to monitor recruitment statistics. Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example
where we want to take up a reference or obtain a 'disclosure' from the Criminal Records Bureau we will not do so without
informing them beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law.
Personal information about unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been
completed, it will then be destroyed or deleted. We retain de-personalised statistical information about applicants
to help inform our recruitment activities, but no individuals are identifiable from that data.
Once a person has taken up employment with CRaG Systems, we will compile a file relating to their employment.
The information contained in this will be kept secure and will only be used for purposes directly relevant to that
person's employment. Once their employment with CRaG Systems has ended, we will retain the file in accordance with the requirements
of our retention schedule and then delete it.
Complaints or queries
CRaG Systems tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason,
we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they
think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any
suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy policy was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of
all aspects of CRaG Systems's collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional
information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
Access to personal information
CRaG Systems tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information.
Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a 'subject access request' under the Data
Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you we will:
Give you a description of it
Tell you why we are holding it
Tell you who it could be disclosed to, and
Let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to CRaG Systems for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing
addressing it to our Data Protection Officer at the address provided below.
If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific
information you need over the telephone.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by contacting the Data Protection Officer.
Disclosure of personal information
In almost all circumstances we will not disclose personal data without consent. However, we may do so under limited
circumstances, for example, when required to do so by law or when we contract a third party to perform work on our behalf.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you
to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Changes to this privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated on 9 Feb 2018.
How to contact us
Requests for information about our privacy policy can made by emailing us at
sales@cragsystems.co.uk
or by writing to:
Data Protection Officer
CRaG Systems
153 Whitehill Road
Kidsgrove
Stoke-on-Trent
Staffordshire
ST7 4DR
UML, BPMN, SysML and the corresponding logos are trademarks of the Object Management Group
Enterprise Architect, Sparx Systems and the corresponding logos are trademarks of Sparx Systems
CRaG Systems (UK)    sales@cragsystems.co.uk    01782 785045
Privacy policy    Site Map    HTML
CRaG Systems Privacy Policy