https://www.asacomputers.com/Privacy-policy.html
Call Us: 650-230-8000
Sign In
New User?
Support
Contact
Request Quote
Request Information
To speak with one of our Products expert please call us at +1 650-230-8000.
You can also email us at 'sales@asacomputers.com' or simply click on the 'Request Info' button.
X
Request Info
Privacy Policy
www.asacomputers.com collects data to deliver the best content, services, and personalized digital ads. We partner with third party advertisers who may use tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on sites and applications across devices, both on our sites and across the Internet.
You always have the choice to experience our website without personalized advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the DAA's Consumer Choice page, the NAI's website, and/or the EU online choices page, from each of your browsers or devices. To avoid personalized advertising based on your mobile app activity, you can install the DAA's AppChoices app here.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. We log the name, date/time stamp of all pages visited on the website, and the IP address of the visitor. We also log the browser type, internet service provider (ISP), and platform type. We gather the number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Google Analytics and Inspectlet
We use Google Analytics and Inspectlet, which helps websites to understand how their visitors engage with their web properties. It may use a set of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors. The main cookie used by Google Analytics is the '_ga' cookie. In addition to reporting website usage statistics, Google Analytics can also be used, together with some of the advertising cookies described below, to help show more relevant ads on Google properties (like Google Search) and across the web and to measure interactions with the ads shown by Google. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use this website
and about Analytics cookies and privacy information.
Cookie management
It is important to know that if you disable cookies you may not be able to use certain features offered by some web sites. You can disable cookies through your browser. Most browsers have instructions on how to disable cookies in their "Help" sections. The instructions for all browsers vary.
Approval
By clicking 'Got it!" below and using our website, you agree that we and our third-party advertisers can:
transfer your personal data to the United States or other countries, and
process your personal data to serve you with personalized ads, subject to your choices as described above and in our privacy policy.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info. Got it!