http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/ec-p3p.html
EUROPEAN COMMISSION
DIRECTORATE GENERAL XV
Internal Market and Financial Services
Free movement of information, company law and financial
infommation
Free movement of information and data protection,
including international aspects
XV D/5032/98
WP 11
Working Party on the Protection of Individuals
with regard to the processing of Personal Data
OPINION 1/98
Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P)
and the Open Profiling Standard (OPS)
Adopted by tile Working Party on 16 June 1998
Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P) and the Open
Profiling Standard (OPS)
Draft Opinion of the Working Party
The Platform for Privacy Preferences Project (P3P) conceives of
privacy and data protection as something to be agreed between the
Internet user, whose data are collected, and the website that
collects the data. The philosophy is based on the idea that the user
consents to the collection of his personal data by a site (the Open
Profiling Standard is intended to provide for secure transmission of
a standard profile of personal data), provided that the site's
declared privacy practices, such as the purposes for which data are
collected and whether or not data are used for secondary purposes or
passed on to third parties, satisfy the user's requirements. The
World Wide Web Consortium has sought to develop a single vocabulary
through which a user's preferences and the site's practices are
articulated. The possibility of adapting this vocabulary to the needs
and regulatory context of specific geographic regions is not
envisaged. Surprisingly, given the intention that P3P be applicable
worldwide, the vocabulary has not been developed with reference to
the highest known standards of data protection and privacy, but has
instead sought to forrnalise lower common standards. These policy
decisions mean that the implementation of P3P and OPS within the
European Union is likely to raise a number of specific problems,
which are discussed below. If P3P and OPS are to have a positive
impact on privacy protection in the on-line environment, it is
essential that these issues are addressed.
A technical platform for privacy protection will not in itself
be sufficient to protect privacy on the Web. It must be applied
within the context of a framework of enforceable data protection
rules, which provide a minimum and non-negotiable level of privacy
protection for all individuals. Use of P3P and OPS in the absence
of such a framework risks shifting the onus primarily onto the
individual user to protect himself, a development which would
undermine the internationally established principle that it is the
'data controller' who is responsible for complying with data
protection principles ( OECD Guidelines 1980, Council of Europe
Convention No108 1981, UN Guidelines 1990, EU Directives 95/46/EC
and 97/66/EC). Such an inversion of responsibility also assumes a
level of knowledge about the risks posed by data processing to
individual privacy that cannot realistically be expected of most
citizens.
There is a risk that P3P, once implemented in the next
generation of browsing software, could mislead EU-based operators
into believing that they can be discharged of certain of their
legal obligations (e.g. granting individual users a right of
access to their data) if the individual user consents to this as
part of the online negotiation. In fact those businesses,
organisations and individuals established within the EU and
providing services over the Internet will in any case be required
to follow the rules established in the data protection directive
95/46/EC (as implemented in national law) as regards any personal
data that they collect and process. P3P might thus cause confusion
not only among operators as to their obligations, but also among
Internet users as to the nature of their data protection rights.
Browsing software that is sold or distributed within the EU must
therefore be designed and configured so as to ensure that on-line
agreements which are in contradiction with prevailing data
protection laws are not possible.
For users based in the EU entering into contact with websites
established in nonEU countries the prime concern is that the
organisation to whom they are providing personal data might not be
subject to the EU directive or any adequate set of effectively
implemented data protection rules1.
Crucial to the decision of whether or not to provide data to such
sites will be to know not only the approximate content of any
applicable rules, but also whether there are any sanctions for
non-compliance and, most importantly of all, a simple and
effective means of obtaining a remedy if the rules are broken. An
on-line platform for privacy preferences should in theory be
capable of providing such information to users. However, the P3P
vocabulary as presently constituted does not require or even allow
for the provision of information about sanctions or remedies to
users. For P3P to be a useful tool in the obtaining of informed
on-line consent for transfers of personal data from EU users (as
required by Article 26(1)(a) of the directive), it is therefore
necessary to revisit the standard vocabulary.
Given that most Internet users are unlikely to alter any
pre-configured settings on their browser, the 'default' position
regarding a user's privacy preferences will have a major impact on
the overall level of on-line privacy protection. P3P and OPS must
be implemented into browser technology with default positions
which reflect the user's interest to enjoy a high level of privacy
protection (including the ability to browse websites anonymously)
without finding himself blocked or inconvenienced in his attempts
to gain access to sites. Where an operator requests, as a
condition for access to his site, the provision of a profile of
identifiable data, the user should be asked each time for his
consent for the provision of this information to the particular
site in question. Where a site does not require such information,
access could be seamless. The major browsing software
manufacturers have a responsibility to implement P3P and OPS in a
manner that enhances rather than reduces levels of privacy
protection.
Given the importance of tile implementation process of P3P and
OPS, and the separate issues currently under consideration by the
Working Party in relation to the functionality of web protocols
(HTTP), the Working Party encourages the development of Internet
software consistent witll tile data protection rules applicable in
the European Union and considers tllat it would be appropriate to
develop mechanisms to verify the conformity of Internet software in
this regard.
1This is
without prejudice to a more detailed examination of Article 4 of
directive 95/46/EC, which could be construed as rendering the
directive applicable to third country websites collecting data from
EU-based users.