http://www.mfdesignworks.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
321-249-5410
Notice:
MFD Health Inc
twitter
Pinterest
Menu
Home
Drug Addicts
Medical
Pain Relievers
Privacy Policy
Terms
Get In Touch
Our Crew
Privacy Policy:Dustin Montano ("Dustin") operates http://www.mfdesignworks.com and may operate other websites. It is Dustin Montano policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Dustin collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Dustin Montano purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Dustin Montano visitors use its website. From time to time, Dustin may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Dustin also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.mfdesignworks.com blogs/sites. Dustin only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Dustin Montano websites choose to interact with Dustin in ways that require Dustin to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Dustin gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.mfdesignworks.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Dustin are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Dustin collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Dustin. Dustin does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Dustin may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Dustin may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Dustin does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Dustin discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Dustin Montano behalf or to provide services available at Dustin Montano websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Dustin Montano websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Dustin will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Dustin discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Dustin believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Dustin, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Dustin website and have supplied your email address, Dustin may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Dustin and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Dustin takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Dustin uses cookies to help Dustin identify and track visitors, their usage of Dustin website, and their website access preferences. Dustin visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Dustin Montano websites, with the drawback that certain features of Dustin Montano websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Dustin, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Dustin goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Dustin may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Dustin and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Dustin may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Dustin Montano sole discretion. Dustin encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.mfdesignworks.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
How to Choose the Best Dentist
Health Products Insights: Biofade Review
Increasing Addiction To Opioids And Pain Relievers
8 Diseases Where Medical Cannabis Has An Impact
Tags8
Addiction
An
And
best dentist
Biofade review
Cannabis
dentist
Diseases
Has
Health products
Impact
Increasing
Medical
Opioids
Pain
Products reviews
Relievers
To
Where
Extra Info
Categories
Dental Care
Health products
Medical
Pain Relievers
Pages
Drug Addicts
Get In Touch
Our Crew
Privacy Policy
Terms