https://www.lindenlab.com/legal/second-life-terms-and-conditions
Home
About
Work Here
News & Media
Contact
About
Work Here
News & Media
Contact
Second Life Terms and Conditions
Second Life Terms and Conditions
This agreement (the "Second Life Policy") describes the terms on which Linden Research, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ("Linden Lab") offer you access to its 3D virtual world environment entitled Second Life. This offer is conditioned on your agreement to all of the terms and conditions contained in this Second Life Policy, Linden Lab's Terms of Service (the "Terms of Service"), and Linden Lab's Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy"), including the policies, terms, and dispute resolution procedures linked to or otherwise referenced therein (collectively, the "Agreements"), all of which are hereby incorporated into this Second Life Policy. If you do not so agree, you should decline this Second Life Policy, in which case you are prohibited from accessing or using Second Life.
In the event of a conflict amongst the Agreements, the Terms of Service shall control except as expressly provided otherwise. All capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service, unless otherwise stated.
1.	Content Licenses and Intellectual Property Rights
1.1.	Linden Lab owns Intellectual Property Rights in Second Life.
In addition to Linden Lab's ownership of the Intellectual Property Rights set forth in the Terms of Service, you understand and agree that without a license agreement with Linden Lab, we do not authorize you to make use of the Linden Marks. Use of the Linden Marks in whole or in part, including without limitation "Second Life," "SL," and the Eye-in-Hand logo, is subject to the guidelines and terms of any applicable license provided in the Second Life Trademark Guidelines and Second Life Brand Center.
With respect to the source code for certain Software that has been released by Linden Lab under an open source license (such as the Second Life Viewer), such software code must be
used in accordance with the applicable open source license terms and conditions.
1.2.	Linden Lab grants you certain licenses to access and use Second Life while you are in compliance with the Agreements.
Linden Lab is thrilled to support the amazing creativity of the artists who take snapshots and make machinima in Second Life. Subject to compliance with all applicable terms and conditions, Linden Lab grants you certain copyright licenses as provided in the Second Life Snapshot and Machinima Policy.
1.3.	You also grant Linden Lab and other users of Second Life a license to use in snapshots and machinima your Content that is displayed in publicly accessible areas of the Second Life.
In addition to the rights granted in Section 2.5 of the Terms of Service, you agree to the restrictions and requirements of our Snapshot and Machinima Policy. The foregoing license is referred to as the "Snapshot and Machinima Content License."
1.4.	You shall be responsible for restricting access to Content for which you do not wish to grant a User Content License.
You agree that the User Content License set forth in the Terms of Service does not apply to content that is located on an island or region that is not publicly accessible. If you do not wish to grant users of Second Life a User Content License, you agree that it is your obligation to avoid displaying or making available your Content to other users. For example, an island or estate holder may use Virtual Land tools to limit or restrict other users' access to the Virtual Land and thus the Content on the Virtual Land.
1.5.	You may grant certain Content licenses to other users through the Second Life permissions system.
Your interactions with Second Life may include use of the Second Life permissions system and the copy, modify, and transfer settings for indicating how other users may use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, or perform your Content in Second Life subject to the Agreements.
1.6.	You agree to respect the Intellectual Property Rights of other users, Linden Lab, and third parties.
You agree that you will not copy, transfer, or distribute outside of Second Life any Content that contains any Linden Content, in whole or in part or in modified or unmodified form, except as allowed by the Snapshot and Machinima Policy, or that infringes or violates any Intellectual Property Rights of Linden Lab, other Content Providers, or any third parties.
Any access to or use of Second Life through a software client other than the Linden Software that logs into the Servers (referred to as a "Third-Party Viewer") is subject to the Terms of Service, this Second Life Policy, and the terms of the Policy on Third-Party Viewers. The Policy on Third-Party Viewers provides required and prohibited functionality for Third-Party Viewers as well as other terms for those who use, develop, or distribute Third-Party Viewers; however, Linden Lab offers and supports Second Life only as offered by Linden Lab and is not obligated to allow access to or use of Second Life by any software or means not provided by Linden Lab. You understand and agree that Linden Lab is not responsible or liable for any aspect of Second Life that is accessed or experienced using software or other means not provided by Linden Lab.
Certain of the fonts in the Meta family of copyrighted typefaces are used in Second Life under license from FSI FontShop International. You acknowledge that you may not copy any Meta font that is included in the Viewer and that you may use any such Meta font solely to the extent necessary to use the Linden Software in Second Life and that you will not use such Meta fonts for any other purpose whatsoever.
2.	Eligibility to Use Second Life
2.1.	Age Requirements for Use of Areas of Second Life
Over 19 Users. If you are at least nineteen (19) years of age (and the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater), then you may access certain areas of Second Life, in accordance with our Skill Gaming Policy.
Over 18 Users. If you are at least eighteen (18) years of age (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater), then you may use any public area of Second Life, in accordance with our Content Guidelines and Maturity Ratings.
Under 18 Users. If you are less than eighteen (18) years of age (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, if greater) and over sixteen (16) years of age, then you may access the General area of Second Life in accordance with our Content Guidelines and Maturity Ratings.
2.2.	Second Life Age and/or Location Verification for Moderate, Adult Only, and Skill Gaming.
In order to access Second Life regions or listings designated as "Moderate" or "Adult Only" Content (which Content may be explicitly sexual, intensely violent or otherwise designated as Adult under our Maturity Ratings ("Adult Only Content")), you affirm that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age, or the age of legal majority where you reside if that jurisdiction has an older age of majority. You further agree that as a condition to accessing Moderate and/or Adult Only Second Life, you will submit to account verification as required by Linden, and provide only true and accurate identification documentation to Linden Lab or its third party service providers to verify your age. You further acknowledge that you will comply with our Maturity Ratings, and conduct any activities we have defined as Moderate and/or Adult only within regions designated as Moderate and/or Adult.
In order to access Second Life regions listed as a "Skill Gaming Region" (which may include Content such as games of skill where users utilize Linden Dollars to participate and receive Linden Dollars in connection with their participation ("Skill Gaming," as further described in the Skill Gaming Policy)), you affirm that you (i) are at least nineteen (19) years of age, or the age of legal majority where you reside if that jurisdiction has an older age of majority; and (ii) reside in, and are accessing a Skill Gaming Region from, a jurisdiction in which participation in Skill Gaming is legally authorized. You further agree that as a condition to accessing a Skill Gaming Region, you will submit to account verification as required by Linden Lab and provide only true and accurate identification documentation to Linden or its third party service providers to verify age and location. You further acknowledge that you will comply with our Skill Gaming Policy, and conduct any activities we have defined as Skill Gaming only within regions designated as a Skill Gaming Region.
Gaming that qualifies as gambling that is prohibited or requires a governmental license or other approval under any applicable United States or international law is always prohibited under the Agreements.
2.3.	Requirements for Sponsoring Organizations.
If you are an organization which sponsors affiliated accounts, you represent that (i) you will keep all content in the area General, as defined in our Maturity Content Guidelines, (ii) you are solely responsible for all content and activities that take place within your estate in Second Life, and (iii) you will comply with such guidelines as Linden Lab may issue from time to time with respect to any affiliated account program.
3.	Fee and Billing Policy
3.1.	"Linden Dollars" are virtual tokens that we license. Each Linden Dollar is a virtual token representing contractual permission from Linden Lab to access features of Second Life. Linden Dollars are available for Purchase or distribution at Linden Lab's discretion, and are not redeemable for monetary value from Linden Lab.
Second Life includes a component of virtual tokens ("Linden Dollars" or "L$"), each of which constitutes a limited license permission to use features of Second Life as set forth below. Linden Lab may or may not charge fees to acquire or use Linden Dollars, and these fees may change at any time.
Each Linden Dollar that you may acquire constitutes a limited license granted to you by Linden Lab to access and use Content, applications, services, and various user-created features in Second Life, and is digitally represented in Second Life as a virtual token that can be traded and/or transferred in Second Life with other users (and/or Linden Lab) in exchange for permission to access and use specific Content, applications, services, and various user-created features, in each case in accordance with this Second Life Policy and the Terms of Service. Linden Dollars are transferable by the holder to any other user, provided that both users comply with these Terms of Service, maintain their Accounts in good standing, and are not delinquent on any Account payment requirements. Except as expressly permitted by this Second Life Policy or otherwise expressly permitted by Linden Lab, Linden Dollars may not be sublicensed, encumbered, conveyed or made subject to any right of survivorship or other disposition by operation of law or otherwise, and you agree that any attempted disposition in violation of these Terms of Service is null and void. Linden Lab may revoke any Linden Dollar at any time without notice, refund or compensation in the event that: (i) the Linden Dollar program is suspended or discontinued; (ii) Linden Lab determines that fraud or other illegal conduct is associated with the holder's Account; (iii) Linden Lab imposes a fixed time period during which the license rights provided by the Linden Dollar may be exercised; (iv) the holder's Account is terminated for violation of these Terms of Service; or (v) the holder becomes delinquent on any of that user's Account payment requirements, ceases to maintain an active Account or terminates any of the Agreements.
You acknowledge that Linden Dollars are not currency or any type of currency substitute or financial instrument, and are not redeemable for any sum of money from Linden Lab at any time. You agree that Linden Lab has the right to manage, regulate, control, and/or modify the license rights underlying such Linden Dollars as it sees fit, and may revalue or make such license rights more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional, and that Linden Lab will have no liability to you based on its exercise of this right. Linden Lab makes no guarantee as to the nature, quality or value of the features of Second Life that will be accessible through the use of Linden Dollars, or the availability or supply of Linden Dollars. As Linden Lab deems necessary, in its sole and absolute discretion, we may limit the total amount of Linden Dollars that may be purchased at any one time, and/or limit the aggregate amount of Linden Dollars that may be held in your Account.
3.2.	Second Life may offer a Linden Dollar exchange (the "LindeX exchange" or "LindeX"), which shall be subject to the terms and conditions applied by an applicable Payment Service Provider.
Second Life may include a component called the "LindeX exchange" or the "LindeX," which refers to an aspect of Second Life through which Linden Lab permits Linden Dollars to be purchased by a user or exchanged by a user with Linden Lab. You acknowledge that your use of the LindeX is subject to the terms and conditions set forth by an applicable Payment Service Provider. If you do not so agree, you are prohibited from accessing or using the LindeX.
Linden Lab or its Payment Service Provider may halt, suspend, discontinue, or reverse any LindeX exchange transaction (whether proposed, pending or past) in cases of actual or suspected fraud, violations of other laws or regulations, or deliberate disruptions to or interference with Second Life.
3.3.	Linden Dollars may not be purchased or sold outside of the LindeX exchange.
Any purchase or sale of Linden Dollars through any means other than the LindeX is not permitted and is considered a violation of these Terms of Service which may result in suspension or termination of your Account.
3.4.	"Virtual Land" is Virtual Space in Second Life that we license.
Second Life includes a component of Virtual Space that is stored on our Servers and made available in the form of virtual units ("Virtual Land"). Virtual Land is the graphical representation of three-dimensional virtual world space. Linden Lab may or may not charge fees for the right to acquire, transfer or access Virtual Land, and these fees may change at any time.
When you acquire
Virtual Land, Linden Lab hereby grants you a limited license ("Virtual
Land License") to access and use features of Second Life associated with
the virtual unit(s) of space corresponding to the identifiers of the Virtual
Land within Second Life as designated by Linden Lab, in accordance with this
Second Life Policy, the Terms of Service and any other applicable policies,
including the Second Life
Mainland Policies as
they exist from time to time. The Virtual Land License is transferable by the
holder to any other user provided that both users and the proposed transfer
comply with the Terms of Service, maintain their accounts in good standing, and
are not delinquent on any Account payment requirements. Except as expressly
permitted by this Second Life Policy, this Virtual Land License may not
otherwise be encumbered, conveyed or made subject to any right of survivorship
or other disposition and any attempted disposition in violation of the
Agreements is null and void. Linden Lab may revoke the Virtual Land License at
any time without notice, refund or compensation in the event that: (i) Linden
Lab determines that fraud, illegal conduct or any other violations of the
Agreements are associated with the holder's Account or Virtual Land; or (ii)
the holder becomes delinquent on any of that user's Account's payment
requirements, ceases to maintain an active Account or terminates any of the Agreements.
You may permit or
deny other users to access your Virtual Land on terms determined by you. Any
agreement you make with other users relating to use or access to your Virtual
Land must be consistent with the Agreements, and no such agreement can abrogate,
nullify, void or modify the Agreements.
You acknowledge that Virtual Land is a limited license right and is not a real property right or actual real estate, and it is not redeemable for any sum of money from Linden Lab. You acknowledge that the use of the words "Buy," "Sell" and similar terms carry the same meaning of referring to the transfer of the Virtual Land License as they do with respect to the Linden Dollar License. You agree that Linden Lab has the right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Virtual Land as it sees fit and that Linden Lab shall have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right. Linden Lab makes no guarantee as to the nature of the features of Second Life that will be accessible through the use of Virtual Land, or the availability or supply of Virtual Land.
4.	Conduct by Users of Second Life
In addition to the rules of conduct set forth in the Terms of Service, you agree that you will not:
(i)	Use robots or other automated means to increase traffic to any Virtual Land;
(ii)	Operate or profit from a "game of chance". For more information please see our Policy Regarding Wagering in Second Life;
(iii)	Operate or profit from a virtual "bank" In Second Life. For more information please see our Banking Policy;
(iv)	Post, display or transmit any Content that is explicitly sexual, intensely violent or otherwise designated as Adult under our Maturity ratings, except as set forth in those ratings.
(v)	Violate our Second Life Mainland Policies, each of which is incorporated into this Second Life Policy;
(vi)	Violate our Maturity Content Guidelines. A region designated General is not allowed to advertise or make available content or activity that is sexually explicit, violent, or depicts nudity;
(vii)	If you are an adult, impersonate a minor for the purpose of interacting with a minor using Second Life, or stalk, harass, or engage in any sexual, suggestive, lewd, lascivious, or otherwise inappropriate conduct with minors on Second Life, or attempt to contact or meet with such minor outside Second Life, including without limitation electronically or physically, if you have reason to know or Second Life concludes that you should have known you were interacting with a minor on Second Life, or otherwise engage in any conduct that violates our Teen Safety Guidelines;
(viii)	Post, display or transmit any material, object or text that encourages, represents, or facilitates sexual "age play," i.e., using child-like avatars in a sexualized manner. This activity is grounds for immediate termination. You may review our full Age Play Policy here. You understand and agree that we may report any and all such incidents -- and any and all of your corresponding personal information -- to any authorities we deem appropriate, whether or not it in and of itself violates the law of your (or any) jurisdiction; or
(ix)	Use "[slgaming]" as a prefix in the root object name field of any Content, unless otherwise approved by Linden Lab.
5.	Second Life Intellectual Property Policy
Linden Lab encourages the creation of original content in Second Life. You should not use copyrighted, trademarked, or celebrity material in Second Life. The Second Life Intellectual Property Policy describes how Linden Lab treats trademark, copyright, and celebrity issues in Second Life. We operate an intellectual property complaint process for complaints that User Content infringes another's Intellectual Property Rights, the details of which are described in the Intellectual Property Infringement Notification Policy.
6.	Privacy and Your Personal Information
Your privacy is important to us. Our Privacy Policy sets forth the conditions under which you provide personal and other information to us. You understand and agree that through your use of Second Life you consent to the collection and use of your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy, which describes our use and disclosure of information we collect on Second Life.
If you object to your information being used or disclosed as described therein, please do not use Second Life.
7.	Related Policies
The following related policies are incorporated by reference in and made part of this Second Life Policy, and provide additional terms, conditions and guidelines regarding Second Life.
Linden Lab Terms of Service
Linden Lab Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Infringement Notification Policy
Community Standards
Content Guidelines
Second Life Maturity Ratings
Second Life Brand Center
Second Life Trademark Guidelines
Snapshot and Machinima Policy
Second Life Fee Schedule
Second Life Billing Policy
Second Life Marketplace Fee and Listing Policies
Second Life Mainland Policies
Gambling Policy
Skill Gaming Policy
Banking Policy
Age Play Policy
Policy on Third-Party Viewers
Effective: July 31, 2017
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Infringement Notification Policy
Content Guidelines
©
Linden Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved