https://www.majesco.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
CloudInsurer® Products
CloudInsurer® Solutions
Cloud-Based Insurance Platform
P&C Core Suite
P&C Core Suite
Policy For P&C
Billing For P&C
Claims For P&C
P&C Data Solutions
Insurance Data & Analytics Platform
Enterprise Data Warehouse
Majesco EcoExchange
Majesco EcoExchange
L&A and Group Core Suite Insurance Software
L&A and Group Core Suite Insurance Software
Policy For L&A And Group
Billing Software Solutions for L&A and Group
Insurance Claims Management Software For L&A And Group
L&A Data Solutions
L&A Insurance Data & Analytics Platform
InsPro PAS Solution
InsPro PAS Solution
LifePlus Solutions
LifePlus Solutions
Life IllustratePlus
Life AdminPlus
Life DistributionPlus
Life AdvicePlus
Insurance Distribution Management Software
Insurance Distribution Management Software
Digital1st® Insurance
Majesco Digital1st® Insurance
Majesco Digital1st® Insurance
Digital1st® Platform
Digital1st® Platform
Digital1st® Engagement
Digital1st® Engagement
Customers & Partners
Customers
Customers
Success Stories
Success Stories
Partners
Partners
Thought Leadership
White Papers
White Papers
Brochures
Brochures
Infographics
Infographics
Blog
Blog
Podcasts
Podcasts
Videos
Videos
Webinars
Webinars
About Us
About Majesco
About Majesco
Our Vision
Leadership Team
Board Of Directors
Insurance Software Solutions
Press
News
Industry Recognition
Industry Recognition
Contact Us
Contact Us
Information Request
Schedule A Product Demo
Convergence 2019
Industry Topics
EcoExchange Marketplace
Industry Events
Customer Center
Contact Us
Request a Demo
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
MAJESCO PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: December 17, 2019
MAJESCO (“We”, “Our”, “Us”) respects your privacy rights. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes the information MAJESCO collects from visitors to its website (www.majesco.com and www.digital1st.io) (collectively, the “Site”), how the information is used and the parties with whom we share it. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected via the Site and not to information you provide by other means including, for example, messages you send us by email or social media, in person at our events, on paper or by other means. This Privacy Policy also does not apply to any third party websites, including those you reach through links on the Site.
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Personal Information?
How Do We Share Personal Information?
How Do We Respond to ‘Do Not Track’ Signals?
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Your Privacy Choices
California Privacy Rights
Legal Bases for Processing (EEA Individuals)
EEA Individuals’ Rights
International Transfers of Data
Children’s Privacy
Cookie Policy
Change of Control
Policy Changes
Contact Information
What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Give Us. We collect a variety of information that you provide directly to us, including information submitted on our website forms and login pages. You may also provide more general information, such as information about your industry, business or profession, and your credit card type.By providing this information, you have informed us that you have an interest in the research, insights, and/or other information we have on the market, or that you are interested in hearing from us.We may collect the following categories of information from you:
Contact information, such as name, email, phone number, country, job title, and role, when you subscribe to our newsletters, register for our webinars and conferences, request information from our website, or request other services from us;
Commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased from us;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information regarding your usage and interaction with our online platform services; and/or,
Professional, employment, or education information, such as your resume and CV, if you apply to work with us.
Information We Automatically Collect. MAJESCO may use server log analysis tools to gather and analyze information regarding use of the Site and the visitor’s experience, such as (for example and not limitation) the number of hits received, the Site’s most/least visited pages, how our visitors use the Site, the Site’s most/least used functions, errors experienced by users, processes completed or abandoned by users, and browsers and platforms used to connect to the Site. The following are examples of information about your visit that is, or may be, collected for this purpose: IP address, physical location, type of browser and/or operating system, internet service provider (ISP) and/or mobile phone carrier, the date and time you visited the Site, web sites you visited before and after the Site, the Site pages you visited and the order in which you navigated the Site, the action you performed or tried to perform (e.g., perform a search, enter information, publish information or generate a report), and codes that correspond to the status of your action (e.g., successful request, data not found, etc.).
This information may be collected via several technologies, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs, canvas fingerprinting and other means. You can remove certain cookies by following the directions in your Internet browser’s “help” file. You may disable cookies and still browse the Site, but your ability to use areas of the Site may be limited, and the other means by which we collect information likely will be unaffected. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
The above information belongs to MAJESCO, and MAJESCO and certain of its suppliers may use it to improve the content, layout and/or operation of the Site, and to serve you content we believe most relevant to you. We may release this information in the aggregate, for example, by sharing it with our partners or authorized service providers, or by publishing a report on the usage of the Site. This information is not used in a form that would enable direct identification of any of our visitors.
How Do We Use and Share Personal Information?
MAJESCO uses your personal information as follows:
To fulfil your requests for products and services offered and subscribed or accepted by you, through any medium of communication;
To deliver to you any administrative notices, advice and communications relevant to your use of the service;
To analyze site usage and improve the service offered; and,
For market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity;
MAJESCO uses the help of Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to diagnose any problems with its server and to administer the Site, including by blocking certain addresses that it feels are inappropriately using the Site. IP addresses are used to gather broad demographics information, such as browser types, visitor’s country, visiting frequency and operating systems, etc.
How Do We Share Personal Information?
Affiliates and Service Providers. MAJESCO may share, exchange and disclose personal information to its affiliates, agents, or third service providers for the purpose of processing your applications and transactions on our platforms and services, storing the personal information, and for generating management reports. MAJESCO may also share this information with its affiliates, agents, or third service providers in order to offer you products and services, to manage its relationship with you, and to improve the delivery of services to you. These affiliates, agents, and service providers are under an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information.Third Party Advertisers and Analytic Providers. MAJESCO may provide personal information from the Site to advertisers and third parties analytics providers (e.g. Google Ads and Google Analytics), if you choose to opt-in to analytics or tracking cookies on our website. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.Third Party Links and Websites. Our website may contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any data to these websites.
Social Media. Our website may include social media buttons or widgets (“social media elements”). These social media elements may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media elements are governed by the privacy policy of the social media company providing the feature and/or widget.
Disclosures Required by Law. We may be required to disclose your data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We may be under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the protect the rights, property, or safety of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
How Do We Respond to ‘Do Not Track’ Signals?
DNT is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit www.donottrack.us. We recognize and respond to browser-initiated DNT signals.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
MAJESCO uses reasonable security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information. We adhere to the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 and 9001. We restrict access to personal information to MAJESCO affiliates, employees, contractors, business partners and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations.
Your Privacy Choices
Marketing Opt-Out: You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, or you can contact us using the contact information below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:
The right to know what personal information is being collected about you.
The right to know whether your personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom.
The right to say no to the sale of personal information.
The right to access your personal information.
The right, in certain circumstances, to delete the information you have provided to us.
The right to equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights.
Request for Information. California consumers have the right to request, up to twice in a 12-month period, that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the information listed below for the preceding 12 months. Majesco has the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information.
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
To make such a request, please call us at the following toll-free number 1-833-977-1950, or contact us by e-mail or mail using the contact information below.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information. California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information. We do not sell your personal information.
Third Party Marketing. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Legal Bases for Processing (EEA Individuals)
If you are from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information, we will process your personal information based on:
The performance of your contract or to enter into the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the processing of your account registration for services offered by us and the delivery of our services.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatary retention periods. We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements, as described above in “How Do We Share Personal Information?”
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact information below.
EEA Individuals’ Rights
If you are from the European Economic Area, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Correct inaccurate personal information;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
Request the restricted processing of your personal information;
Request portability of the personal information that you have given us; and
To object to the processing of your personal information.
Account holders may request access to their personal information and modify or remove most information associated with their account at any time by logging into their account and accessing features within their account.
If you are from the European Economic Area, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, under certain circumstances.
You may contact us for more information, or to exercise your rights, using the contact information below.
International Transfers of Data
Any data that you provide to us may be accessed, shared or processed by our offices, located in India, the United States, and abroad, and service providers located in India, the United States, and abroad, if such data transfer is necessary for the specific purpose for which you submitted your data (such as the provision of goods or services under a written contract) and the recipient ensures the same level of data protection that is adhered to by MAJESCO.This may entail a transfer of your personal information across international borders, including, but not limited to, transfers from within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) to India or the United States. The data protections standards may differ and be lower than the standards enforced in your jurisdiction.We maintain appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law for any personal information transferred internationally, and as required by applicable law, will seek your consent prior to such transfers.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed at individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the contact information below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
Cookie Policy
The Site, like many other web sites, may use “cookies” (information stored on your computer by your browser at MAJESCO’s request). “Cookies” is a term used for small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site, allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising etc. Cookies themselves do not personally identify you, but they do identify your computer. Cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user’s computer that has no meaning outside the assigning site.MAJESCO does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for MAJESCO. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available from the Site. If you choose to be a registered user of the Site, then you must accept a cookie from the Site. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
Change of Control
Personal information may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization or other change in control. If MAJESCO sells, merges or transfers any part of the business, part of the sale may include your personal information.
Policy Changes
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
Contact Information
If you wish to contact us or have any questions about or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following contact details:Email address: privacy@majesco.com
Contact form: www.majesco.com/information-request/
Mailing address:
Susan Earle, Chief Privacy Officer
412 Mt. Kemble Ave.Ste 110c
Morristown, NJ 07960
1-833-977-1950For EEA residents:
Tom Murray, Data Protection Officer
Unit 5A Sandyford Business Centre
Sandyford, Dublin 18, D18 X383
Tom.murray@exaxe.com
+353-1-2999100
This website uses cookies based on your browsing activity. The use of cookies enables you to have full access to all the features of this website. For more about how to control your cookie settings, see our Cookie Policy. By using this website, do you agree that Majesco may store and access cookies on your device.
YesNoPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Tweet Tweet Tweet