http://www.baanboard.com/privacy_policy?s=49f70d41686e5bc23ff2f5ccd200999e
FAQ -
Sponsors -
Staff
Baanboard.com
Privacy Policy
User login
Username: *
Password:
Remember me
Create new accountRequest new password
Frontpage Sponsor
Main
Frontpage
Forum
Jobs
NewsStories
RSS NewsfeedsCategoriesERP
Geek
Industry & Technology
Opinion
Security
Sources
Calendar
Contact
Polls
Web Links
Poll
As a Customer What would do to keep your ERP Implementation intactProactively define Business Process-- Take the Project Ownership56%Handover everything to System Integrator from drawing BP till implementation of ERP11%Hire more inhouse skilled & capable IT Resource to work directly with SI33%Rely on SI Architects/Consultants0%Total votes: 9Older polls
Baanboard at LinkedIn
Reference Content
BaanERP Tutorial
Programmer's Manual
Privacy Policy
English
By patvdv at 15 Apr 2008 - 22:58
Participation
When you participate and/or contribute to this website, you are responsible for what you post. Although we will not screen all contributed content, we reserve the right to remove anything we deem inappropriate, without any possibility of recourse or redress on your part. Be aware that some users will rely on the content of your posts.
If you post to our forum or blogs, you need to become a registered user and you will, of course, leave some additional traces of your identity: contact details, log in, etc. However, unless we are legally forced to do so, we will not combine our server logs to create detailed tracking of your behavior or sessions on our website.
Privacy
When you visit our website, our servers collect some technical information about you (web browser type, IP address) and also track which pages you visit on our site, for a period of up to 24 months. As long as you are not logged in, this information is fairly anonymous and we will use it only to create anonymous statistics. We may also provide the information collected about you if, in cases of fraud or other criminal activities, we are subpoenaed to do so by competent legal authorities.
About us
BaanBoard is a grassroots community for Baan professionals, intended to provide a platform to discuss, consult and collaborate on issues related to Baan ERP. The term Baan is used for ERP software released under the names Triton, Baan, BaanERP and ERP LN, all registered trademarks or names of Infor Global Solutions.
If you have any questions, or if you want to exercise your legal right to access or correct your personal data, please contact us via e-mail at abuse-AT-baanboard.com
Average:
0
No votes yet
All times are GMT +2. The time now is 09:20.
Frontpage -
Privacy Policy -
Terms of Service
©2001-2020 - Baanboard.com - Baanforums.com