https://www.pair.com/why-pair/hosting-policies/abuse-and-spam/
Skip to content
Abuse & Spam
The transmission of unsolicited or prohibited advertising or other content through electronic mail or inappropriate Usenet postings is forbidden. The use of Pair Networks for unsolicited mass mailings or postings (commonly known as “Spam”) by any customer will cause that customer’s services to be terminated immediately and without warning, and the customer will be held legally responsible for the damages to Pair Networks, both monetary and in reputation. The use of any other service to make such a mailing or posting, with any reference to Pair Networks services (including but not limited to mailboxes, autoresponders, and Web pages), shall also be grounds for account termination and/or other actions as described above. More InformationThis is the first policy we ever published, and it is the most strictly enforced. Abusive behavior can severely damage your online reputation and business. We will not tolerate such incidents.
Move to Pair
World Class 24×7 Support: 1.877.724.7638
MY ACCOUNT
ACC Login
Webmail Login
Submit a Payment SIGN UP
Move to Pair
Current Special Offers
Contact a Sales  Representative POLICIES & TERMS
Service Contracts
Usage Policies
Abuse Policies
WP Prohibited Activites
Data Privacy Statement Social
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Insider Newsletter
Crowdcast Webinars
Copyright © 2020 Pair Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt out if you wish.ACCEPTREJECTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save & Accept