https://www.noratol.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I, Nora Tol, care deeply about your privacy on my website, http://www.noratol.com, and all its related services. Therefore, I try to limit the information I ask from you and restrict the information my website automatically collects from you, for instance via the cookies this website uses.
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site I collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
If you send me a message using the contact form, the information you provide within the form fields will be stored for a year within my back end systems, as well as your ip address.
Newsletter Signup
When you sign up for my newsletter, your e-mail address is being stored on the ReverbNation platform. There are instructions in every newsletter telling you how you can unsubscribe. You can also send me a request to be removed and I will do it for you.
Cookies for Contact / Comment forms
If you leave a comment on my site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, audios, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who I share your data with
My website collects data which I share with the following Google services: Analytics, AdSense and AdWords. A cookie is being placed to collect data which is used to give me insights into things like which pages of my website you’ve visited, whether you are a returning visitor and which ads you may have seen or clicked. I use this information just to get a general overview of my visitors and I am not able to literally trace this information to you personally, in any way. I’ve also requested Google to anonymize IP addresses and I don’t allow them to collect any more data than is neccesary. The information Google collects is stored for 14 months.
How long I retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so I can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data I hold about you, including any data you have provided to me. You can also request that we erase any personal data I hold about you. This does not include any data I am obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where I send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact me with any questions
Comments are closed.
Search my site and discover!
Search for:
Search
Recently posted to the site
Mad At Disney
November 13, 2020
Things You Need to Know Before Recording Instruments
October 9, 2020
Kule T’s Desperate Cry
October 1, 2020
10 Tips To Buy Your First Guitar
April 23, 2020
Sewing Project: Red Patchwork Pillow
April 23, 2020