http://www.codejock.com/corporate/privacy.asp
Codejock Technologies, LLC dba Codejock Software has created this privacy policy in order to
demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy.
Codejock Technologies, LLC is the creator of Professional User Interface (UI) Software
components, which are utilized by desktop application developers to enhance
the UI experience.
We are a business to business provider that handles customer
data received directly from individuals and corporate customers as a data controller,
and indirectly from licensed agents as a data processor.
The policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices
for our Web site, located at codejock.com.
This policy is incorporated in, and subject to, the Terms and Conditions of Use
of our Web site.
Collecting Information
Generally, we do not collect any personally
identifiable information from individuals unless specifically provided by the
individual. For example, when you request information regarding our products,
promotions or warranties, you voluntarily provide your name, company, contact
address, e-mail address and type of Codejock Software products and supporting
equipment you own or use. Occasionally you may be asked to provide additional
information regarding such things as your personal or professional interests,
demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences so that we
may better understand your needs and continue to improve our products and
services to you.
We may also collect and store statistics and other information about the online
activities of our visitors on an aggregate basis.
We do not intend to obtain any personal information from minors. If you are
under the age of 18, please do not provide us with any personal information.
Using Information
Though we have the utmost respect for your privacy,
any communication or material you transmit to the site by electronic mail or
otherwise, is and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. As a
general rule, we will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable
information and will not disclose your personally identifiable information to
others except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such
as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. We use your personal
information primarily to fulfill purchases and prizes, to track compliance with
our Terms and Conditions of Use, for research purposes or for marketing and
promotional purposes. We may also share such information with our advertisers,
business partners or other affiliates.
Contacting You
Occasionally we may send you email communications to
provide information or offers that we think you will find useful. You can choose
not to receive future emails from us by changing your account preferences at any
time, in accordance with the "Changing Your Information" section below.
However, to the extent that corrected or deleted information is also stored in
other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will
immediately reach the other databases. Please be aware that we may occasionally
contact you for administrative purposes even if you unsubscribe from our mail
list.
Accessing Your Information
You can access or change your contact information and
preferences at any time by contacting your account representative. If you wish
to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to webmaster@codejock.com
or enter your email address in our "Mailing List" form on our website
and choose the Un-Subscribe option.
Cookies
This site may employ cookies to better serve you. Advertising
networks that serve ads onto our site may also use their own cookies. Cookies
are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard
drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies may save information such as your
page preferences. By saving this information, cookies make your Web-surfing
easier as well as giving us data regarding which areas of the site are popular,
and which are not. This data may be used to effectively improve our site. Most
browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your
browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However,
it is possible that parts of our site will not function properly if you do so.
In some cases, we may track or collect information about your use of our site by
the numeric address assigned to the computer you are using (your IP address) or
by the URLs that you come from or leave to. These methods also allow us to
resolve server problems or administer our site. Generally, we do not associate
this information with any other personally identifiable information that you may
have provided to us.
Third Party Links
We provide third-party links for your convenience
only. These third party sites may send their own cookies to you, or otherwise
collect data or solicit personal information from you. You follow the
third-party links posted on our site at your own risk. We do not accept any
responsibility or liability for privacy or other issues associated with any
sites you may link to through our site.
Third Party Data Sharing: We do not rent, sell or share any personal data with non-agent
third parties. If this practice should change in the future, we will update this policy
to identify those parties and provide individuals with opt-out choice prior to sharing
their data.
In the process of consummating the business relationship with our customers, we do
utilize credit card processors who only have access to the specific data necessary to
facilitate payments.
Security
We use industry standard efforts (such as a secure sockets or
secure socket layer where appropriate) to safeguard the confidentiality of your
personally identifiable information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over
the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Limits on Our Abilities
Although your privacy is very important to us,
due to the existing legal and technical environment, we cannot ensure that your
personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties in
ways not described in this policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose
information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or
third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private
communications. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any
information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government
officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to
address or resolve inquiries or problems.
Privacy Shield Policy
Codejock Software complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention
of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.
Codejock
Software has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield
Principles.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the
Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about
the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Codejock Software commits to resolve
complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
European Union individuals
with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Codejock
Software at: privacy-shield@codejock.com.
Codejock Software has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to
BBB EU Privacy Shield, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not
resolved your complaint, please contact or visit https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers
for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of BBB EU Privacy Shield are
provided at no cost to you.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction with enforcement authority over Codejock
Software’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
An EU individual with a residual complaint has the possibility, under certain conditions,
to invoke binding arbitration before a Privacy Shield Panel for complaints regarding Privacy
Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms, for additional
information: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
Codejock Software acknowledges the right of EU individuals to access their personal data.
Individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by following the instructions above
under “Accessing Your Information.”
Please note that we may be required to release the personal data of EU individuals in
response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and
law enforcement requirements.
We acknowledge that we may be liable for the onward transfer of EU personal data to agent
third parties unless we can prove that we were not a party to the actions resulting in the damage.
Notice
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Online Privacy
Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your
continued use of our site following the posting of changes to the policy will
mean you accept those changes. Please contact our legal department if you have
any further questions or concerns regarding our Online Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding the contents contained in the Online Privacy
Policy, Terms and Conditions of Use, or the Copyright Statement, please send us
an e-mail to info@codejock.com.
Quick Links
About Us
What's New
Awards and Reviews
Our Customers
Case Studies
Testimonials
Media Kit
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Release Date Policy
Contact Us
Contact Sales
Call center available M-F 9:00 - 4:00 US Eastern Time.(989) 472-4761 (option 1)
Case Studies
Kinook selected Toolkit Pro with Visual C++ over many other...