http://www.antonline.com/privacy
Privacy - antonline.com
Search Antonline Products
Gaming
Gaming ConsolesGaming NotebooksGaming DesktopsVR HeadsetsGaming AccessoriesVideo Games
Computers & Tablets
Laptops / NotebooksDesktopsTabletsServersComputer Accessories
Components
MemoryCPUs / ProcessorsMotherboardsGPUs / Graphics CardsHard Drives, SSD & StorageHardware Connectivity
Electronics
DisplaysAudio ElectronicsPrintersPhonesCameras & OpticsWearable GadgetsNetwork, Routers & Equipment
Software
ProductivitySoftware LicensingGaming Software
Search Antonline Products
Products
Products
Gaming
Computers & Tablets
Components
Electronics
Software
Gaming Consoles Xbox Playstation Nintendo
Gaming Notebooks
Gaming Desktops
VR Headsets
Gaming Accessories Xbox Controllers Playstation Controllers Headsets
Video Games Xbox One PlayStation 4 Nintendo Switch
Laptops / Notebooks Gaming Notebook 2 in 1 Chromebook Mobile Workstation
Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-One Chromebox
Tablets
Servers
Computer Accessories
Keyboards Mice Keyboard & Mouse Docking Stations . . . view more . . .
Cases & Covers Stylus Scanners
Memory RAM SD, Micro SD & Flash
CPUs / Processors AMD Intel
Motherboards
GPUs / Graphics Cards GeForce Quadro Radeon
Hard Drives, SSD & Storage Hard Drives Hybrid Hard Drives Solid State Drives Flash Drives Optical Drives
Hardware Connectivity Cables Adapters Connectors
Extenders
Displays Monitors Projectors TVs
Audio Electronics Headphones Headsets Speakers Microphones Radios
Printers Laser & Inkjet Printers Multifunction Printers Label / Receipt Printers
Phones Mobile Phones IP Phones Analog & Digital Phones
Cameras & Optics Surveillance Cameras Webcams Digital Cameras Digital Camcorder
Wearable Gadgets Smart Watch Smart Band Smart Headwear
Network, Routers & Equipment Ethernet Cards Network Switches Modem / Wireless Routers Network Security / Firewalls Routers
Productivity Microsoft 365 Creativity Applications Voice Recognition Document Management . . . view more . . .
Graphics/Designing Video Editing CD/DVD Authoring
Software Licensing
Gaming Software Xbox One PlayStation 4 Nintendo Switch
Search Antonline Products
Employment Opportunities / Careers
Cutomer Service / Support
About Us Accessibility Returns Support Ticket Order Status FAQ Corporate Accounts Careers
Cart  0
Your cart is empty!
Privacy Policy
Atlanta Network Technologies is committed to protecting your privacy. That
is because we base our business on the trust you place in us. This policy
describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected
through our Web site. In this policy, personal and account information means
your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and
e-mail address plus other information that personally identifies you,
including your industry, the number of employees at your company, and
purchase history, and we and us means Atlanta Network Technologies as well
as its affiliated companies.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time. You
should visit our Web site periodically to review any changes.
How much information must I share?
The amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your
activities and use of our Web site. Below, we explain what information we
collect.
When you browse our Web site
We collect your
IP address
to measure our Web site traffic and
to help provide a relevant shopping experience.
If you come to our Web site via a link, we collect the location of the
link that referred you.
We collect information about the browser you are using to
help optimize our Web site for visitors.
We keep track of pages
you visit to help provide you with a more personalized shopping
experience.
When you make purchases through our Web site
We collect your name, address and payment information to process your
order. However, you may provide credit card and purchase order numbers
by telephone.
We collect information contained in cookies, such as your purchases and
log in data, to personalize your shopping experience. Your browser must
be set to accept cookies if you wish to add items to a shopping cart.
When you
subscribe to our e-mail newsletter
through our Web site
You must create an E-Account to subscribe to our e-mail newsletter. We
use your E-Account information in connection with your subscription. To
manage your e-mail newsletter subscription,
click here
.
When you e-mail product information to a friend or colleague through our
Web site
We collect your e-mail address and the e-mail address of the person to
whom you are sending the product information.
When you communicate with us through our Web site
We collect your e-mail address and the other information that you
provide in order to respond to your communication.
When you enter contests, participate in surveys, or register for other
activities on our Web site
We collect your name, e-mail address and telephone number, and the
other information that is required for entry or participation, which
varies depending on the activity.
Is my personal or account information used for any other purpose?
We may use your personal and account information to provide products or
services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact
you, and as otherwise described in this policy.
We may occasionally send you promotional or product information. If you do
not wish to receive promotional or product information, you may opt out of
future communications by following the instructions in the e-mail
communication or contacting your account manager.
We may also analyze and act upon your personal and account information as
part of our standard business practices. We occasionally purchase from third
parties commercial information such as company size, number of employees and
annual sales of other companies. We may use this commercial information along
with your personal and account information to customize our offerings to you,
as well as for our internal use.
If you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information
about our company and services.
Will my personal and account information be provided to any other party?
Your personal and account information WILL NOT be disclosed to third parties.
However, we may disclose your personal and account information to respond to
subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to
establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Your
personal and account information may also be disclosed in connection with a
sale of some or all of our business or a merger with another company.
How do you protect my personal and account information?
We use 128-bit encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) in all
areas where your personal and account information is required. Our Web site
is certified by
VeriSign
, which verifies that our Web site is authentic and that we use SSL security.
To view our VeriSign certificate, click on the image of the closed lock or
the solid key at the bottom of your browser window. Our Web site security
information will appear.
In addition, your personal and account information and transaction history
are kept behind our firewall on separate servers. All transaction information
is processed under encrypted channels, although you may choose unencrypted
processing.
|
Payments
|
|
|
|
|
|
Nextag Trusted
|
About Us
Accessibility
Commercial Accounts
Privacy Policy
Support Ticket
Terms of Sale
Returns
Opt in or Out Of Promotions
Careers
Home Page https://www.antonline.com Privacy
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc.
About antonline
antonline is America’s premier online reseller of cutting
edge computer technology and consumer electronics. We work with all the
best brands and have exclusive offers from
Microsoft,
Sony,
HP,
Dell,
Lenovo,
MSI
and all of our industry’s leading manufacturers.
Shop antonline first for
PCs,
Gaming,
Laptops,
Tablets,
Consoles and
Accessories.
Outrageously Good Value + Free Shipping on Every Item, Every Day!
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc.
2015 S. Park Place
Atlanta, GA 30339
Phone : 1.877.293.9797
Phone : 678.325.5100
Fax : 678.325.5101
Sales
Email : sales@antonline.com
Technical Support
Email : support@antonline.com
© Copyright 1996 - 2020 antonline
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc is not responsible for typographical or photographical errors.
Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice.
If you are using a screen reader and having problems using our website, please call 1.877.293.9797 between the hours of 9:00 AM and 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time for assistance.
Add To Cart To See Price
The "Add to Cart to See Price" message indicates an additional discount is in effect, and this discount is calculated in the Shopping Cart.
You can see this price by adding this item to your shopping cart.
Please be assured that simply adding an item to your cart does not obligate you to buy it--you can always delete the item from your cart if you decide not to purchase it.