http://www.startech.com/en-us/user-terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms
Terms and Conditions (End user)
The following Terms and Conditions apply to StarTech.com end users. Effective October 2, 2013.
Using our website
Thanks for visiting StarTech.com. The following guidelines and policies govern your use of, and access to our site. By using our site, you are agreeing to the guidelines and policies outlined within. From time to time, we may revise this document to make sure it accurately reflects the most up-to-date information.
If you do not agree with information in the terms and conditions of use, or require clarification about the information contained within it, feel free to contact our Customer Service team through Live Chat, e-mail, or phone, so that we may address your concerns.
Privacy
We take your privacy seriously and encourage you to read our Privacy Policy, so you can make an informed decision about using our site. If you have any questions or concerns relating to this policy, please contact us for clarification.
Product Warranty Policies
We provide free lifetime technical support for all our products. Warranties provided are specific to each product, and we ask that you consult our Warranty Policy page for further information.
Creating a website account
When you create an account on our website, you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. This means that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorized access to your account.
If you sign up for a StarTech.com account on behalf of a company or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to accept these guidelines and policies on their behalf.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our sole discretion.
We do not offer products for sale to children under the age of 18 years old. Our products are intended for purchase by adults only. By using this site, you are representing to us that you are 18 years of age or older. StarTech.com will not be liable for any damages that may result from misrepresentation of age by a user of our site.
Information Accuracy
Product descriptions and specifications
We work hard to provide you with accurate information about our products and services. Occasionally, information on our website may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions in relation to product descriptions, technical specifications, pricing and availability. We apologize for these oversights and ask that if you notice something you believe is in error, please contact us to let us know.
While we strive to ensure all of the information on our website is correct, we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may appear on our site, and to change or update information on our website at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted an order).
Pricing
In the event of a pricing error on an item you have ordered, we will notify you and await your approval of the corrected price before we continue to process your order. We will do everything we can to minimize any inconvenience.
Please note that the prices listed on this site are quoted in U.S. Dollars (USD), unless otherwise specified.
Product appearance and color
We work hard to ensure the images we provide of our products are accurate, but from time to time the appearance of those products is subject to change due to product updates or improvements.
Due to a number of variables beyond our control, (e.g. software color management settings on your computer, or monitor configurations), we can’t guarantee that your monitor will display color of an item displayed exactly as it is intended.
Product Availability
All of the products and services we offer are subject to availability and we give no guarantee in this regard. Each product on our website includes the number of In Stock units available for ordering from our North American warehouses. If the number of units you wish to order exceeds the amount shown as available, we’ll be happy to transfer stock of that product between our warehouses to fulfill your order.
While we’ll do everything we can to ensure you get the products you want quickly, for situations requiring stock transfers between our warehouses please expect between 1 to 2 weeks to receive your order.
Hyperlinks
Links to other sites
Links may be established from this site to one or more external sites or resources operated by third parties. These links are provided for your convenience only, and the presence of any link to an external site does not imply affiliation, endorsement, or adoption by StarTech.com.
When leaving StarTech.com using a link to another website, please be aware that our guidelines and policies only govern the content on our site, and that we have no control over the content on the third party site. Please be sure to review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of that site.
Links to our site, from a third party website
Some third party sites may provide links to our website. These links should not be deemed to imply that StarTech.com endorses or is affiliated with these third party sites. We do not control who links to our site, and we aren’t responsible or liable for any third party sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Copyright
All of the content included on this site; for example, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, and videos, is the property of StarTech.com and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. You are welcome to use product images for non-commercial purposes without restriction/consent, but if you wish to sell our products, then please become a re-seller or distributor, or contact us for express written permission.
Copyright© 1985-2018 StarTech.com.
Use of Third Party Trademarks, Protected Names, and Symbols
We may make references to trademarks, registered trademarks, and other protected names and/or symbols of third-party companies throughout our site, which are not related in any way to StarTech.com. Where they occur, these references are for illustrative purposes only and do not represent an endorsement of a product or service by StarTech.com, or an endorsement of the product(s) to which this site applies by the third-party company in question.
Regardless of any direct acknowledgement elsewhere in the body of this document, StarTech.com hereby acknowledges that all trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks, and other protected names and/or symbols contained in this website and related documents are the property of their respective holders.
HDMI, the HDMI Logo, and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries.
Wi-Fi® is a registered trademark of Wi-Fi Alliance.
Legal Information
Site Disclaimer
This site and all contents of the site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by your use of this site, that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
Prices, and details, of products and services (and any offers) posted on our website are subject to change without notice. Because of the changing nature of the computer market, and because of the technical differences in the equipment of our customers, product descriptions and specifications may not reflect current technical information, and we are not responsible for photographic differences in product size, shape and color.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall StarTech.com or its officers, directors or employees be liable for any indirect, special or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or inability to use this site or the materials contained in, or accessed through, this site. This includes without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from reliance by you on any information obtained from StarTech.com or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, error, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance.
In no event shall the aggregate liability of StarTech.com -- whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory -- arising out of or relating to the use of this site exceed any compensation you pay, if any, to StarTech.com for access to or use of this site.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
StarTech.com controls this site from its offices within the Province of Ontario (Canada). StarTech.com does not imply that the materials published on this site are appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access this site from outside of the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with local laws. The terms of this site shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be filed only in provincial or federal court located in Ontario, Canada, and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Terms and Conditions.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change or modify any of the Terms and Conditions contained herein or any policy of the site, at any time and in our sole discretion. If we decide to change our Terms and Conditions or a policy, we will post a new version on our site and update the date. Any changes or modification will be effective upon posting of the revisions. Your continued use of this site following the posting of the changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. You should frequently review these Terms and Conditions (including its date) and applicable policies from time-to-time, to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the site.
Other Provisions
We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your ability to use this site, and to block or prevent future access to and use of this site. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms and Conditions, including any applicable policy contained in this site, constitute the entire agreement between you and StarTech.com relating to the subject matter addressed herein.
Feedback, Comments, Reviews, and Suggestions
Your opinion is very important to us. Some sections of our website allow you to comment or provide feedback or suggestions. Once you submit this information, it is considered non-confidential and is the property of StarTech.com upon submission.
We reserve the right to use any ideas, concepts, comments, techniques, visuals, suggestions, or communications you may submit for viewing on our website, or send to us through other means.
If you have any questions about this information, please call our Customer Service team at Header.SitePhone or StarTech.LocalPhone or through live chat.
Feedback
Back to top
Wait...
Some cookies are essential to ensure our website works for you. You may block or delete all cookies from this site but parts of the site may not work. To find out more about how we use cookies, see our
Privacy Statement
Accept