http://www.epic.org/privacy/profiling/dodrecruiting.html
COMMENTS OF THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER,
CONSUMER ACTION, PRIVACYACTIVISM, COMMERCIAL ALERT, PRIVACY JOURNAL,
WORLD PRIVACY FORUM, PRIVACY RIGHTS CLEARINGHOUSE, PROFESSOR OSCAR GANDY,
AND JUNKBUSTERS ON THE DOD DHRA 04 JOINT ADVERTISING AND MARKET RESEARCH
RECRUITING DATABASE June 22, 2005 Introduction The Department of Defense proposes to create a military recruiting
database containing the personal information of tens of millions of
Americans as young as 16 years of age, including their Social Security
Numbers, race, and educational information, and entrust this information
to a commercial direct marketing company.[1]  The direct marketing company chosen by the DOD,
Benow, does not even have a privacy policy, nor has it troubled itself
to enlist in a privacy seal program.[2]  DOD proposes a wide range of "routine uses"
for this database, including disclosure of records contained in the
database for functions wholly unrelated to recruitment.  Although individuals
can opt-out recruitment solicitations, they cannot opt-out of this enormous
database. We support the U.S. Armed Forces, and understand that DOD faces serious
challenges in recruiting for the military.  But we strongly object to
the creation of this Joint Advertising database.  The collection of
this information is not consistent with the Privacy Act, which was passed
by Congress to reduce the government's collection of personal information
on Americans.  The collection of individuals' Social Security Numbers
presents risks to privacy, and is unnecessary for operation of the database.
The "routine uses" for disclosure of information in the database
is unjustified.  The DOD proposes to ignore the law and its own regulations
by collecting personal information from commercial data brokers and
state registries rather than directly from individuals. This database represents an unprecedented foray of the government into
direct marketing techniques previously only performed by the private
sector.  These techniques simply are not compatible with the Privacy
Act, as direct marketing tactics increasingly call for massive amounts
of personal information.  And while numerous laws protect individuals
from commercial direct marketing techniques, these protections only
apply in commercial transactions, leaving individuals with little recourse
against harassing or unwanted junk mail, telemarketing, and spam from
the government.
This database is a bad idea.  The DOD should scrap its proposal to
create this mega database of young Americans and rely upon traditional
mass-media advertising to reach potential recruits. The Privacy Act of 1974 In enacting the Privacy Act,[3] Congress found that: (1) the privacy of an individual is directly affected by the collection,
maintenance, use, and dissemination of personal information by Federal
agencies; (2) the increasing use of computers and sophisticated information technology,
while essential to the efficient operations of the Government, has greatly
magnified the harm to individual privacy that can occur from any collection,
maintenance, use, or dissemination of personal information; (3) the opportunities for an individual to secure employment, insurance,
and credit, and his right to due process, and other legal protections
are endangered by the misuse of certain information systems; (4) the right to privacy is a personal and fundamental right protected
by the Constitution of the United States; and (5) in order to protect the privacy of individuals identified in information
systems maintained by Federal agencies, it is necessary and proper for
the Congress to regulate the collection, maintenance, use, and dissemination
of information by such agencies. In passing the Privacy Act, Congress sought to restrict the amount
of personal information that federal agencies could collect and required
agencies to be transparent in their information practices.[4]
The Privacy Act is intended "to promote accountability, responsibility,
legislative oversight, and open government with respect to the use of
computer technology in the personal information systems and data banks
of the Federal Government[.]"[5]
Few, if any, of these goals are reflected in this proposal to create
a Joint Advertising database.  For the reasons enumerated below, the
DOD should withdraw its proposal to create the database. DOD Should Not Collect the Social Security Number DOD Cannot Rely on E.O. 9397 to Collect or Use the Social Security
Number The DOD relies upon a 1943 Executive Order, signed by President Franklin
Roosevelt, for authority to collect the Social Security Number (SSN).[6]  Reliance on this Executive Order is inappropriate.  It was issued
in a context where the government was establishing accounts for individuals
for public benefits, not the general enumeration of individuals in a
database.[7]  Individuals
in the proposed database will not have an "account" with the
DOD. Because the DOD is not administering an account system for the benefit
of individuals, but rather an enumeration system for the benefit of
the agency, it cannot rely upon E.O. 9397 for the collection and use
of the SSN.  The DOD lacks authority to collect the SSN for this system,
and therefore, the SSN should not be included as a category of information
in the system. Collection of the SSN is Unnecessary for Enumeration of Data Subjects The Privacy Act mandated that each agency “shall maintain in its records
only such information about an individual as is relevant and necessary
to accomplish a purpose of the agency.”[8]
However, the DOD proposes to maintain the SSNs of tens of millions of
individuals—even those who opt-out of solicitations for military recruitment.
This is an unnecessary and risky collection of personal information.
The DOD could follow the lead of many private-sector organizations,
and employ a different number to uniquely identify the individuals in
the database.  In fact, even direct marketing organizations do not use
the SSN to uniquely identify prospects—many companies have developed
their own identifier or rely upon basic contact information, such as
the telephone number, to manage lists. There simply is not sufficient justification for DOD to collect the
SSN.  The DOD’s advertising activities do not create tax implications
for the average person that require IRS reporting, nor do they convey
benefits that have traditionally justified the use of the SSN.  While
it would be reasonable to collect the SSN of an individual who is actually
enlisting in the military, the vast majority of individuals in this
database will not enlist, and this vast majority should not be subjected
to heightened risks of identity theft for the administrative ease of
the DOD. Collection of the SSN Heightens Risk of Identity Theft The 1943 Executive Order was signed decades before the Privacy Act,
which limited the collection of the SSN; and the advent of identity
theft. Identity theft affects millions of Americans, and access to the
SSN is almost always necessary to commit the crime.  In the past year,
over ten million Americans have been affected by security breaches,
most of which involved the improper disclosure of the SSN.  It is now
understood that safeguarding the SSN is critical to prevention of identity
theft. Despite the risk of identity theft, DOD proposes to collect SSNs on
all high school students aged 16 – 18, all college students, all Selective
Service System registrants, all Active Duty and Reserve members of the
Armed Forces as well as several other large categories. While the size
of any database is not an inherent flaw, any breach of security or change
in policy will impact an enormous number of Americans. The size of the
database also makes it an attractive target for identity thieves. Simply put, any advantage that the DOD would gain by using the SSN
for data linkage or unique enumeration does not outweigh the risk that
this practice imposes on individuals. Transferring the SSNs of Tens of Millions of Americans to a Direct
Marketing Company is Inappropriate The Government is collecting and giving a gigantic amount of sensitive
information to a private company.  Unlike the vast majority of Privacy
Act systems of records, this database will be located and managed by
a direct marketing company, BeNow. No justification is given for this
aberration, and no procedures are outlined to prevent abuse. The company,
which prides itself on its database management expertise, has no privacy
policy available on its website.  It does not appear to even be a member
of any of the self-regulatory privacy “seal” groups.
It is a serious breach of trust for the government to transfer the
SSNs of tens of millions of Americans, without their consent, to a private
company.  In other contexts, companies that maintain SSNs must comply
with substantial security standards rules, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, banking safety and soundness regulations,
and state laws requiring disclosure of security breaches.  It is unclear
whether any of these standards will be employed in this context, as
the DOD has only devoted three sentences to the security of the system.
Further, the Privacy Act notice does not specify whether Benow will
be subject to the Privacy Act under § m. At a minimum, the DOD must answer the following questions before proceeding
with a plan to warehouse tens of millions of SSNs at a private company:
Why cannot this database be administered by government employees,
who are subject to civil and criminal penalties under the Privacy
Act for misuse of personal information? How will the DOD exercise adequate supervision over the employees
of this private company? What qualifies the employees of this company to handle the SSNs
of tens of millions of Americans? How can we trust that the employees of this company will not misuse
the data?
How can we trust that this company has appropriate administrative,
physical, and electronic safeguards to prevent and detect misuse of
the data?
If a security breach does occur, will individuals receive notice,
as is required when a bank inappropriately gives access to customer
information?
How will individuals obtain an auditing of disclosures of their
personal information?
Access to One’s Record Should Not Be Conditioned on Providing a
SSN Under the access provisions to this database, an individual must provide
their full name, address, and SSN to obtain their file.  It is unnecessary
to condition access on provision of a SSN.  If the DOD maintains accurate
address information, it can simply send an individual's file to the
address within the database.
The Record Sources for the Database Are Inappropriate The Privacy Act requires the agency to collect data directly from the
subject as far as possible, and to provide rights of access and correction.[9] However, the DOD proposal seems to maximize collection of information
from third party sources, and is silent on correction rights. The DOD should not obtain personal information from commercial vendors
when the same data can be obtained from data subjects through surveys
or interactions with recruiters.  Commercial sellers of personal information
are major threats to personal privacy, they maintain inaccurate databases,
and as recent events make clear, they sometimes sell personal information
to criminals.  The DOD should not be in the business of enriching these
companies while significant attention is being focused on them by state
attorneys general, the Federal Trade Commission, and the media. Individuals Should Be Able to Opt Out from the Database The DOD proposal does not give anyone the ability to opt-out of the
database.  Even those who have indicated that they do not want to receive
military recruitment materials will have their SSN and other data maintained
in this system.  Individuals should be able to opt-out of the database,
and have all personal information removed except for the minimum necessary
to ensure that the individual is no longer solicited.  This could be
accomplished by only maintaining name, address, and telephone number
in the system for those who have opted out. The Routine Uses of Personal Information Are Inappropriate for this
Database The DOD proposes to subject this database to its blanket routine uses.
This means that for any of the following 13 reasons, information in
this database can be transferred without the individual’s consent to
another agency.
To law enforcement. To other agencies when DOD requesting information in order to engage
in hiring and firing decisions. To other agencies when requested for a variety of government decision
making. To Congress in response to Member inquiries. To foreign law enforcement. To state and local taxing authorities. To the Office of Personnel Management for pay, leave, and benefits
administration. To the Department of Justice for litigation. To military banking facilities. To the General Services Administration for records management inspections. To the National Archives and Records Administration. To the Merit Systems Protection Board. To almost any entity for national security purposes.[10]
The Privacy Act defines the term 'routine use' as “the use of [a] record
for a purpose which is compatible with the purpose for which it was
collected.”[11] The purpose of this particular database is very clearly laid
out - “to assist [the Services] in their direct marketing recruiting
efforts.” However, the routine uses defined in this proposal go far
beyond its stated purpose.   For example, the first category defined
in the Department’s Blanket Routine Uses document allows the Department
of Defense to notify another agency if a record “indicates a violation
or potential violation of law.”  Not only is this category unrelated
in any way to recruiting efforts, it is also nonsensical in the context
of the information stored. While a system of records that tracks entitlements
might show evidence of fraud, it is difficult to imagine a scenario
where the information in this particular system would indicate a crime.
The Department of Defense should reexamine the ways that this database
will be used and consider whether any of the blanket routine uses are
in fact appropriate. We also encourage the Department to end its practice of using Blanket
Routine Uses in any system of records. This practice violates the 1974
Privacy Act, which defined very specific conditions of disclosure. Using
broad routine uses invites mission creep and abuse by making it possible
to do much more than originally intended. Direct Marketing Is not an Appropriate Government Function Although labeled a "Joint Advertising" database, the level
of personal information proposed to be collected by DOD suggests a massive
direct marketing campaign.  As we noted above, the Privacy Act mandated
that each agency “shall maintain in its records only such information
about an individual as is relevant and necessary to accomplish a purpose
of the agency.”[12]  But this proposal goes far
beyond traditional government uses of personal information into activities
that are only appropriate for the private sector.  Direct marketing
to individuals who have expressed no interest in recruitment simply
is not an appropriate function for a government agency.  The DOD should
abandon this approach as it is inconsistent with the Privacy Act, and
will lead to increasing demands for individuals’ personal information. Individuals Lack Protections Against Government Direct Marketing
Abuses Americans are now intimately familiar with the unfair and pushy sales
tactics employed by direct marketers.  These tactics resulted in a wave
of consumer protection legislation aimed at shielding individuals from
direct marketing, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991,
the Telemarketing Do-Not-Call Registry, anti-spam legislation, and sectoral
privacy laws that limit the use of personal information for marketing.
Consumers also can rely upon private litigation, state attorneys general,
and the Federal Trade Commission to address invasive marketing practices.
It is critical to understand that these protections cannot be relied
upon when the government itself engages in direct marketing, because
military recruiting may not be considered to be "commerce"
for purposes of consumer protection law. This unprecedented government foray into direct marketing comes at
a time when reports of recruiting improprieties abound.  Improprieties
occurred so frequently this year that the DOD suspended recruitment
efforts for a day so that individuals could review the legal and ethical
regulations on recruiting.[13]
Voice of America reported that "…U.S. Army officials report more
than 300 substantiated cases of allegedly improper recruiting tactics
last year, a 60% increase in 5 years. Many recruiters reportedly have
resorted to aggressive tactics because they've had a hard time meeting
the Army's recruiting quota of 2 enlistees a month."[14]
Recent headlines recount other abusive recruitment techniques; these
techniques could become significantly more pervasive when the efficiencies
of private-sector direct marketing techniques are brought to bear on
those in the database.[15]  Indeed, just a few months ago, an Indiana
National Guard recruiter’s access to personal information was credited
with his ability to efficiently target women for sexual assault: “Investigators
say he [the recruiter] picked out teens and young women with backgrounds
that made them vulnerable to authority. As a military recruiter, he
had access to personal information, making the quest easier.”[16] The Directive on Use of Directory Information Should Be Updated
to Reflect New Recruiting Techniques The DOD Directive[17] controlling use of personal
information should be updated to address the risk of abuses from direct-marketing
style recruitment techniques.  When commercial entities use databases
to assist in making telemarketing calls, a regulatory framework helps
protect individuals from harassing or unwanted calls.  For instance,
the Telemarketing Sales Rule prohibits harassing series of calls and
any attempt to frustrate the call recipient’s attempt to opt-out from
solicitation.[18]  Similar regulations should be in place for military recruiters
who use direct marketing technology. Finally, the definition of “student” in section 3.3 pertains only to
individuals who are 17 or older.  However, the proposed database will
include students as young as 16.  The Directive should be updated to
address this inconsistency. Conclusion For the reasons explained above, we strongly oppose the creation of
this database.  The DOD faces serious challenges in staffing the military.
However, these challenges should be overcome through traditional advertising
channels.  The foray of government into direct-marketing style recruitment
violates the norms of the Privacy Act and subjects Americans to risk
of identity theft.  The DOD should withdraw its plan to create the Joint
Advertising database. If DOD continues the Joint Advertising database, we request that the
agency publish a revised notice answering the objections raised in these
comments for further public feedback.  We also urge DOD to fully comply
with the E-Government Act of 2001, and make it possible for the public
to comment electronically. Respectfully submitted, Chris Jay Hoofnagle
Director
EPIC West Coast Office Linda Sherry
Editorial Director
Consumer Action Deborah Pierce
Director
PrivacyActivism Gary Ruskin
Director
Commercial Alert Robert Ellis Smith
Publisher
Privacy Journal Pam Dixon
Director
World Privacy Forum Beth Givens
Director
Privacy Rights Clearinghouse Oscar H. Gandy, Jr.
Professor
University of Pennsylvania Jason Catlett
Founder
Junkbusters
[1] Notice to add a system of records; DHRA 04--Joint
Advertising and Market Research Recruiting Database., 70 Fed. Reg.
29486 (May 23, 2005), available at http://a257.g.akamaitech.net/7/257/2422/01jan20051800/edocket.access.gpo.gov/2005/05-10216.htm
[2] A Google site search performed on June 14, 2005
for the word "privacy" on benow.com returns no responsive
pages.
[3] P.L. 93-579, 88 Stat. 1896 (1974).
[4] S. Rep. No. 93-1183, at 1 (1974).
[5] Id.
[6] E.O. 9397, Numbering System for Federal Accounts
Relating to Individual Persons, Nov. 22, 1943.
[7] "…Hereafter any Federal department, establishment,
or agency shall, whenever the head thereof finds it advisable to establish
a new system of permanent account numbers pertaining to individual
persons, utilize exclusively the Social Security Act account numbers
assigned pursuant to Title 26, section 402.502 of the 1940 Supplement
to the Code of Federal Regulations and pursuant to paragraph 2 of
this order." Id.
[8]5 U.S.C 552(e)(1).
[9] 5 U.S.C. §552(d)-(e).
[10] 32 CFR 318.14 (2005).
[11] 5 USCS § 552a(a)(7)(2005).
[12]5 U.S.C 552(e)(1)
[13] Andrew J. Baroch, Army Recruiters Take Day to
Reflect on Ethics of Job, Voice of America News, May 22, 2005, available
at http://www.voanews.com/english/AmericanLife/2005-05-22-voa20.cfm.
[14] Id.
[15] "In Texas recently, an Army recruiter allegedly
threatened a high school student with arrest if the student changed
his mind and decided not to enlist." Id.
[16] James Gillaspy & Dan McFeeley, Recruiter accused
of sex assaults; Counts against guardsman involve 6 young women, Indianapolis Star,
Mar. 1, 2005.
[17] Department of Defense Directive 1304.24, Use of
Directory Information on Secondary School Students for Military Recruiting
Purposes, Apr. 20, 1984.
[18] See 16 CFR 310.
EPIC Privacy Page | EPIC
Home Page
Last Updated:
June 21, 2005
Page URL: http://www.epic.org/privacy/profiling/dodrecruiting.html