http://www.antonline.com/terms
Terms - antonline.com
Search Antonline Products
Gaming
Gaming ConsolesGaming NotebooksGaming DesktopsVR HeadsetsGaming AccessoriesVideo Games
Computers & Tablets
Laptops / NotebooksDesktopsTabletsServersComputer Accessories
Components
MemoryCPUs / ProcessorsMotherboardsGPUs / Graphics CardsHard Drives, SSD & StorageHardware Connectivity
Electronics
DisplaysAudio ElectronicsPrintersPhonesCameras & OpticsWearable GadgetsNetwork, Routers & Equipment
Software
ProductivitySoftware LicensingGaming Software
Search Antonline Products
Products
Products
Gaming
Computers & Tablets
Components
Electronics
Software
Gaming Consoles Xbox Playstation Nintendo
Gaming Notebooks
Gaming Desktops
VR Headsets
Gaming Accessories Xbox Controllers Playstation Controllers Headsets
Video Games Xbox One PlayStation 4 Nintendo Switch
Laptops / Notebooks Gaming Notebook 2 in 1 Chromebook Mobile Workstation
Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-One Chromebox
Tablets
Servers
Computer Accessories
Keyboards Mice Keyboard & Mouse Docking Stations . . . view more . . .
Cases & Covers Stylus Scanners
Memory RAM SD, Micro SD & Flash
CPUs / Processors AMD Intel
Motherboards
GPUs / Graphics Cards GeForce Quadro Radeon
Hard Drives, SSD & Storage Hard Drives Hybrid Hard Drives Solid State Drives Flash Drives Optical Drives
Hardware Connectivity Cables Adapters Connectors
Extenders
Displays Monitors Projectors TVs
Audio Electronics Headphones Headsets Speakers Microphones Radios
Printers Laser & Inkjet Printers Multifunction Printers Label / Receipt Printers
Phones Mobile Phones IP Phones Analog & Digital Phones
Cameras & Optics Surveillance Cameras Webcams Digital Cameras Digital Camcorder
Wearable Gadgets Smart Watch Smart Band Smart Headwear
Network, Routers & Equipment Ethernet Cards Network Switches Modem / Wireless Routers Network Security / Firewalls Routers
Productivity Microsoft 365 Creativity Applications Voice Recognition Document Management . . . view more . . .
Graphics/Designing Video Editing CD/DVD Authoring
Software Licensing
Gaming Software Xbox One PlayStation 4 Nintendo Switch
Search Antonline Products
Employment Opportunities / Careers
Cutomer Service / Support
About Us Accessibility Returns Support Ticket Order Status FAQ Corporate Accounts Careers
Cart  0
Your cart is empty!
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc. - Terms and Conditions of Sale
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE VERY CAREFULLY.
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE ARE LIMITED TO THOSE CONTAINED HEREIN.
ANY ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT TERMS IN ANY FORMS DELIVERED BY CUSTOMER ARE
HEREBY DEEMED TO BE MATERIAL ALTERATIONS AND NOTICE OF OBJECTION TO THEM
AND REJECTION OF THEM IS HEREBY GIVEN.
BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES DESCRIBED IN
Atlanta Network Technologies' INVOICE OR OTHER Atlanta Network
Technologies DOCUMENTATION, CUSTOMER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND ACCEPTS
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE UNLESS CUSTOMER AND Atlanta Network
Technologies HAVE SIGNED A SEPARATE AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE THE SEPARATE
AGREEMENT WILL GOVERN.
Important Information About These Terms and Conditions of Sale
These terms and conditions of sale constitute a binding contract between
Customer and Atlanta Network Technologies. Customer accepts these terms
and conditions of sale by making a purchase, placing an order or otherwise
shopping on Atlanta Network Technologies' Website (the "Site"). These
terms and conditions of sale are subject to change without prior notice,
except that the terms and conditions of sale posted on the Site at the
time Customer initially places or modifies an order will govern the order
in question.
These terms and conditions of sale constitute the entire agreement between
Customer and Atlanta Network Technologies relating to the terms and
conditions of sale of products and services on the Site. All sales are
retail and not for resale. Customer consents to receiving electronic
records, which may be provided via a Web browser or e-mail application
connected to the Internet; individual consumers may withdraw consent to
receiving electronic records or have the record provided in non-electronic
form by contacting Atlanta Network Technologies at the address provided
below.
Customer may issue a purchase order for administrative purposes only.
Additional or different terms and conditions contained in any such
purchase order will be null and void. Customer agrees that the terms and
conditions of sale contained herein and in Atlanta Network Technologies's
invoice or other documentation will control. No course of prior dealings
between the parties and no usage of trade will be relevant to determine
the meaning of these terms and conditions of sale or any purchase order or
invoice related thereto.
Governing Law
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE AND ANY SALE HEREUNDER WILL BE GOVERNED
BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS
RULES. ANY ARBITRATION, ENFORCEMENT OF AN ARBITRATION OR LITIGATION WILL
BE BROUGHT IN FULTON COUNTY, GEORGIA AND CUSTOMER CONSENTS TO THE
JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS LOCATED IN FULTON COUNTY,
GEORGIA AND SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION THEREOF AND WAIVES THE RIGHT TO
CHANGE VENUE. CUSTOMER FURTHER CONSENTS TO THE EXERCISE OF PERSONAL
JURISDICTION BY ANY SUCH COURT WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH PROCEEDING.
Risk of Loss
If Customer provides Atlanta Network Technologies with Customer's carrier
account number or selects a carrier other than a carrier that regularly
ships for Atlanta Network Technologies, title to products and risk of loss
or damage during shipment passes from Atlanta Network Technologies to
Customer upon shipment from Atlanta Network Technologies's facility. For
all other shipments, title to products and risk of loss or damage during
shipment passes from Atlanta Network Technologies to Customer upon receipt
by Customer. Title to software will remain with the applicable
licensor(s). Atlanta Network Technologies retains a security interest in
the products until payment in full is received. Customer will be
responsible for all shipping and related charges.
Export Sales
If this transaction involves an export under the Export Administration
Regulations, the commodities, technology and/or software sold or
distributed under these terms and conditions of sale exported from the
United States by Atlanta Network Technologies were exported in accordance
with the Export Administration Regulations. Diversion, use, export or
re-export contrary to United States law is prohibited. The commodities,
technology and/or software sold or distributed under these terms and
conditions of sale may not be exported or re-exported to Cuba, Iran, Iraq,
Libya, Sudan, North Korea or Syria or to entities and persons that are
ineligible under United States law to receive United States commodities,
technology and/or software. In addition, manufacturers' warranties for
exported products may vary or may be null and void for products exported
outside the United States.
Warranties
Customer understands that Atlanta Network Technologies is not the
manufacturer of the products purchased by Customer hereunder and the only
warranties offered are those of the manufacturer, not Atlanta Network
Technologies. In purchasing the products, Customer is relying on the
manufacturer's specifications only and is not relying on any statements,
specifications in brochures, photographs or other illustrations
representing the products that may be provided by Atlanta Network
Technologies. In connection with services, neither affiliates of Atlanta
Network Technologies nor third party service providers are agents of
Atlanta Network Technologies and Atlanta Network Technologies has no
obligation or liability arising from any services performed by or any
warranty, if any, made by, such service providers. Atlanta Network
Technologies AND ITS AFFILIATES HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATED TO PRODUCTS SOLD OR SERVICES PROVIDED
BY THIRD PARTIES OR AFFILIATES OF Atlanta Network Technologies, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT AFFECT THE TERMS OF THE
MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY, IF ANY.
Pricing Information; Availability Disclaimer
All pricing is subject to change. Atlanta Network Technologies reserves
the right to make adjustments to pricing, products and service offerings
for reasons including, but not limited to, changing market conditions,
product discontinuation, product unavailability, manufacturer price
changes and errors in advertisements. All orders are subject to product
availability. Therefore, Atlanta Network Technologies cannot guarantee
that it will be able to fulfill Customer's orders.
Limitation of Liability
NEITHER Atlanta Network Technologies NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE FOR
LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT
OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES,
OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. NEITHER Atlanta Network Technologies
NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIABLE FOR PRODUCTS NOT BEING AVAILABLE FOR USE
OR FOR LOST OR CORRUPTED DATA OR SOFTWARE OR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES BY
THIRD PARTIES. CUSTOMER AGREES THAT FOR ANY LIABILITY RELATED TO THE
PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED DIRECTLY BY Atlanta Network
Technologies OR ITS AFFILIATES, NEITHER Atlanta Network Technologies NOR
ITS AFFILIATES ARE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AMOUNT OF DAMAGES ABOVE
THE DOLLAR AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE PRODUCT(S) OR SERVICE(S) GIVING
RISE TO THE CLAIM.
Atlanta Network Technologies will not be responsible for any delays in
delivery which result from any circumstances beyond its control, including
without limitation, product unavailability, carrier delays, delays due to
fire, severe weather conditions, failure of power, labor problems, acts of
war, terrorism, general insurrection, acts of God or acts of any
government or agency.
Third Party Services
Customer acknowledges and agrees that, in some instances, Atlanta Network
Technologies, Atlanta Network Technologies Technology Services, Inc., and
their affiliates are resellers of services and are not the provider of
those services. In those cases, the third party service provider is the
only party responsible for providing services to Customer. In those cases,
Customer will look solely to the third party service provider for any
loss, claims or damages arising from or relating to the purchase or
provision of such services. Customer hereby releases Atlanta Network
Technologies, Atlanta Network Technologies Technology Services, Inc. and
their affiliates from any and all claims arising from or relating to the
purchase or provision of any such services by third party service
providers. Services may be subject to tax. All amounts, including taxes,
associated with third party services are being collected by Atlanta
Network Technologies on behalf of Atlanta Network Technologies Technology
Services, Inc. solely in the capacity as an independent sales agent.
Arbitration
Any claim, dispute, or controversy (whether in contract, tort or
otherwise, whether preexisting, present or future, and including
statutory, common law, intentional tort and equitable claims) arising from
or relating to the products or services sold pursuant to these terms and
conditions of sale, the interpretation or application of these terms and
conditions of sale or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the
relationships which result from these terms and conditions of sale
(including, to the full extent permitted by applicable law, relationships
with third parties who are not signatories hereto), or Atlanta Network
Technologies's advertising and marketing (collectively, a "Claim") WILL BE
RESOLVED, UPON THE ELECTION OF Atlanta Network Technologies, CUSTOMER OR
THIRD PARTIES INVOLVED, EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION. If
arbitration is chosen, it will be conducted pursuant to the Rules of the
American Arbitration Association, with offices in Atlanta, GEORGIA. If
arbitration is chosen by any party with respect to a Claim, neither
Atlanta Network Technologies nor Customer will have the right to litigate
that Claim in court or to have a jury trial on that Claim or to engage in
pre-arbitration discovery, except as provided for in the applicable
arbitration rules or by agreement of the parties. Further, Customer will
not have the right to participate as a representative or member of any
class of claimants pertaining to any Claim. Notwithstanding any choice of
law provision included in these terms and conditions of sale, this
arbitration agreement is subject to the Federal Arbitration Act
(9 U.S.C. 1-16). The arbitration will take place in Atlanta, GEORGIA. Any
court having jurisdiction may enter judgment on the award rendered by the
arbitrator(s). Each party will bear its own cost of any legal
representation, discovery or research required to complete arbitration.
The existence or results of any arbitration will be treated as
confidential. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
all matters pertaining to the collection of amounts due to Atlanta Network
Technologies arising out of sales hereunder will be exclusively litigated
in court rather than through arbitration.
Orders; Payment Terms; Interest; Taxes
Orders are not binding upon Atlanta Network Technologies unless accepted
(credit card transactions processed on the site DO NOT constitute
acceptance of an order.) by Atlanta Network Technologies and we reserve
the right to cancel any order for any reason. Terms of payment are within
Atlanta Network Technologies' sole discretion. Invoices are due and
payable within the time period specified on the invoice, measured from the
date of invoice. Atlanta Network Technologies may invoice parts of an
order separately. Customer agrees to pay interest on all past-due sums at
the lower of one and one-half percent (1 1/2%) per month or at the highest
rate allowed by law. Customer is responsible for, and will indemnify and
hold Atlanta Network Technologies harmless from, any applicable sales, use
or other taxes associated with the order. Customer must claim any
exemption from tax at the time of purchase and provide the necessary
supporting documentation. Any sales, use or other applicable tax is based
on the location to which the order is shipped. In the event of a payment
default, Customer will be responsible for all of Atlanta Network
Technologies' costs of collection, including court costs, filing fees and
attorney's fees. All payments by Paypal or wire transfer must be completed
within 24 hours of sale. If an order is not paid within the 24 hour window
the order will become null and void.
Price Comparisons, "Original Price" and "Your Savings".
Price comparisons may be made throughout the site to indicate the relative
savings amounts of our pricing.
"Original Price"
is the suggested retail price provided to us by our suppliers. We make no
representation that a substantial number of these products have been sold
or offered for sale at the original price. Actual retail prices in your
area may be substantially different. Because we sell our merchandise over
the internet on a national basis, it is not possible to know if our
merchandise is sold at the original price in any particular location or at
any particular time.
"YOUR SAVINGS"
reflects the difference between our price and the supplier provided
original price shown on our sites. Because the original price may be
different than the actual retail prices in your area, you may not actually
realize a savings of this amount and may want to make an exact comparison
for yourself by checking the prices of other internet or local retailers
prior to making a purchase.
Consent to Collection, Use & Disclosure of Your Personal Information.
As more fully described in our Privacy Policy, you must disclose certain
Personally Identifiable Information to use our Site, register, and make
purchases. As a condition of registering with our Site or making any
purchases of any products and/or services or conduct any transactions, you
represent that you have first read our Privacy Policy and consent to the
collection, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information
and Non-Personally Identifiable Information as described in our Privacy
Policy. Our Privacy Policy's terms and conditions will change from time to
time, and as a condition of browsing the Site, using any features or
making any purchase, you agree that you will first review our Privacy
Policy prior to making initial or subsequent purchases. We reserve the
right to change our Privacy Policy’s terms and conditions from time to
time without notifying you of these changes.
While ANTONLINE.COM takes reasonable steps to safeguard and to prevent
unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, we cannot
be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and we
make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will prevent
unauthorized access to your private information, including but not limited
to your personally identifiable information. IN NO EVENT SHALL
ANTONLINE.COM OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER
COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE,
SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, A
THIRD PARTY'S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, REGARDLESS
OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR
OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY, AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANTONLINE.COM
WAS GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE.
Consent To Our Communication With You By E-Mail.
By making a purchase through our Site, you grant permission for
ANTONLINE.COM to contact you at your e-mail address. To opt-out
of our marketing emails, use the following link to unsubscribe:
antonline.com/subscriptions
Conditions of Sale and Payment Terms.
To purchase any goods and/or services on our Site, you must be at least
eighteen (18) years of age or the applicable state age of majority or be
the authorized representative of a corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, or other legal entity. Prior to the purchase of any goods or
services on our Site, you must provide us with a valid credit card number
and associated payment information including all of the following: (i)
your name as it appears on the card, (ii) your credit card number, (iii)
the credit card type, (iv) the date of expiration and (v) any activation
numbers or codes needed to charge your card. By submitting that
information to us, you hereby agree that you authorize us to charge your
card at our convenience but within thirty (30) days of credit card
authorization. All sales of products and services are final ,subject to
the Return Policy defined more in this website.
Shipping Times
Ground Service is usually delivered within 7-10 buiness days after
shipping from our warehouse. All orders require 1-2 business days for
processing before shipping from our warehouse. Business days do not
include holidays and weekends. ANTOnline is not responsible for carrier
delays.
2-Day Service is usually delivered 2 business days after shipping from our
warehouse. All orders require 1-2 business days for processing before
shipping from our warehouse. Business days do not include holidays and
weekends. ANTOnline is not responsible for carrier delays.
Return Policy
Returns Must Meet ALL Applicable Criteria
If your returned product does not match the return criteria below, or
does not match the condition, description, or details of your RMA request,
it will be rejected by our Returns Warehouse and returned to you.
Consequently, your right to request an RMA will be nullified, any credit
request will be denied, replacement orders will not be made, and you
will be charged for all shipping fees incurred by antonline.
By requesting an RMA and/or shipping a return in violation of this policy,
you hereby agree to accept our shipment of the product back to you and
to the payment of all shipping costs to and from our Returns Warehouse.
Our arrangements with suppliers and manufacturers allow us no room to
make exceptions.
Basic Criteria
All returns must include the following:
Original packaging (manufacturer's box, Styrofoam, plastic bags,
etc.)
Original, intact UPC barcode and serial number (where applicable).
Do not cut out the UPC code until you have examined and tested the
product to your satisfaction. Removal of the UPC code or serial voids
any possibility of return regardless of RMA or credit request status.
Valid Return Merchandise Authorization number (RMA) printed on the
shipping label.
The RMA number must not be written on the original manufacturer's
packaging or box. Please write the RMA number on the label used to
return the item. Items received with any writing on the original
manufacturer's packaging or box will be refused and returned to you
at your expense.
Original packing slip.
Do not mail or dispose of the packing slip
until you have examined and tested the product to your satisfaction.
The return must be complete and include all accessories in like-new
condition (transformers, antennas, remote controls, batteries, software disks,
cables, chargers, etc.)
Manufacturer documentation (manuals, warranty cards, registration
information, etc.)
Basic Return Policy
Unless otherwise stated below, you have 30 days from the date of your
order delivery to obtain a valid RMA from our website. Once an RMA is
issued you have 14 days to return the product to us. RMAs must be valid,
unexpired, and issued for the product being returned. Only one RMA is
issued per product. Once the RMA expires, you may no longer be eligible
to return your product.
If you are ineligible for an RMA, please contact the manufacturer directly
or check any applicable warranty you might have for other potential return
opportunities. Note that we have no control over the policies of the manufacturer
or other entities related to your product, and thus cannot guarantee their
return policies.
Upon our acceptance of the merchandise in like-new condition, and in strict
conformance with the basic criteria and basic returns policy listed above,
the purchase price will be credited back to the purchaser for the original
purchase in accordance with the payment method used for purchase. Please
allow up to 14 days from shipment for your return to arrive at our Returns
Warehouse.
Note: Delivery times vary based on shipper selected. Your return
will be processed within 5-7 business days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays,
and holidays) after receipt of the item.
The risk of loss for the product being returned shall be with the purchaser
at all times during the shipment of such product to the returns center and
with respect to any shipments from the returns center back to you.
Non-Returnable Products
There are a small number of custom order products that are not returnable
to antonline under any circumstance which must be returned directly
to the manufacturer for any warranty service. These products are clearly
labeled as non-returnable in the product description.
Returned Items Refund Policy
Orders returned complete in New Condition with all packaging and item materials and manuals that can be resold as new are refunded. Shipping and processing charges apply. Restocking charges may apply on an item by item basis.
Orders returned missing some of the order items, but the portion returned is still re-sellable are partially refunded. Shipping and processing charges apply.
Orders returned in user damaged condition or without all items, packaging, item materials and manuals that cannot be resold are refused and returned to the purchaser. If a customer refuses delivery of the returned item, the item is disposed of by the shipping carrier, but the customer is still charged for that item and will not be entitled to a refund.
Orders returned with a DOA (defective on arrival) product in complete, New Condition, with all packaging and item materials and manuals, are refunded in full. This policy and any type of warranty, express or implied, will be nullified if the product is modified or if the chassis broken open, repaired or tampered with in any way.
Atlanta Network Technologies reserves the right to test the returned DOA product. If the condition of the product is misrepresented by the customer, then the normal return policy terms listed above apply.
General Disclaimers
We reserve the right to notify customers and cancel the sale for any
reason. We shall not be held liable for any such cancellation and/or
closure.
Returns and adjustments to methods of payment may take 10-14 business days
after the return is authorized. Returned product must have an RMA number
written on the shipping label.
All products must be returned with all original manufacturer boxes with
the UPC code and packing materials, all manuals, blank warranty cards,
accessories and any other documentation included with the original
shipment. RMA approval is contingent upon, among other things, the
products being 100% complete.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges to Atlanta Network
Technologies' distribution center for all products being shipped for
return, exchange or replacement. Products exchanged or replaced will be
shipped by Atlanta Network Technologies to Customer, at Atlanta Network
Technologies' expense, using the same shipping method as was used by
Customer to ship the original products back to Atlanta Network
Technologies.
Customer is responsible for all risk of loss and damage to products being
shipped for return, exchange or replacement. Atlanta Network Technologies
is not responsible for any loss or damage that occurs to products shipped
for return, exchange, or replacement. Please fully insure return shipment
in case of loss or damage. Please use a carrier that is able to provide
you with proof of delivery such as UPS, Federal Express or Airborne
Express. This is for your protection as well as to ensure quick action on
your return.
Manufacturer Contact Information can be found using the following link.
Manufacturer Support
When contacting the manufacturer, please be prepared to provide the
following information: Date of purchaseSerial numberManufacturer
Part Numberof the product that you would like to return or exchange.
|
Payments
|
|
|
|
|
|
Nextag Trusted
|
About Us
Accessibility
Commercial Accounts
Privacy Policy
Support Ticket
Terms of Sale
Returns
Opt in or Out Of Promotions
Careers
Home Page https://www.antonline.com Terms
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc.
About antonline
antonline is America’s premier online reseller of cutting
edge computer technology and consumer electronics. We work with all the
best brands and have exclusive offers from
Microsoft,
Sony,
HP,
Dell,
Lenovo,
MSI
and all of our industry’s leading manufacturers.
Shop antonline first for
PCs,
Gaming,
Laptops,
Tablets,
Consoles and
Accessories.
Outrageously Good Value + Free Shipping on Every Item, Every Day!
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc.
2015 S. Park Place
Atlanta, GA 30339
Phone : 1.877.293.9797
Phone : 678.325.5100
Fax : 678.325.5101
Sales
Email : sales@antonline.com
Technical Support
Email : support@antonline.com
© Copyright 1996 - 2020 antonline
Atlanta Network Technologies, Inc is not responsible for typographical or photographical errors.
Prices and specifications are subject to change without notice.
If you are using a screen reader and having problems using our website, please call 1.877.293.9797 between the hours of 9:00 AM and 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time for assistance.
Add To Cart To See Price
The "Add to Cart to See Price" message indicates an additional discount is in effect, and this discount is calculated in the Shopping Cart.
You can see this price by adding this item to your shopping cart.
Please be assured that simply adding an item to your cart does not obligate you to buy it--you can always delete the item from your cart if you decide not to purchase it.