https://www.spacebel.be/privacy-policy/
You are here :
Spacebel > Privacy Policy
Latest Tweets
Privacy Policy
LEGAL NOTICES
Our Commitment to Protecting Your Privacy – Use of the Information
In accordance with the laws and regulations relating to the processing of personal data, the personal data collected by SPACEBEL are processed in a lawful, fair and transparent way.
The controller is the parent company SPACEBEL Ltd., the registered office of which is in Belgium, 4031 Angleur (Liège), rue des Chasseurs Ardennais 6, registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (CBE) under number 0435.536.532.
The processing is instituted for the following purposes:
Sending requested information or information likely to be useful to any interested party;
Facilitating communication with people who are interested in SPACEBEL’s services or who are in touch with SPACEBEL, including press representatives and SPACEBEL’s customers / suppliers.
The processing of personal data is necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by the controller which consist in recognizing the identity of customers / suppliers / visitors of the Internet site.
The recipient of the processed data is SPACEBEL Ltd. and any person acting on our behalf.
The retention of the data will be limited to the duration of the relations between the interested party and SPACEBEL.
‘Cookies’
Visits to our website are logged. These information logs are used to better understand how our site is used. The analysis is performed through the Google Analytics service, which uses cookies and is based on the JavaScript enabled in your browser. More information on Google’s privacy policy is available on their Website: http://www.google.com/analytics/en-GB/tos.html (see chapter 7 on privacy related matters).
The search facility on our site is also linked to Google, which uses cookies.
Your choice of language is stored in the cookies.
Your Rights
Anyone whose personal data have been processed has the right to request from SPACEBEL access to personal data, rectification or deletion of such data, limitation of the processing of personal data, the right to object to the processing, as well as the right to data portability.
Anyone whose personal data have been processed has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The requirement for the provision of personal data does not condition the conclusion of a contract. Failure to provide these data will have no consequences.
If you have any questions about the present treatment, please contact SPACEBEL via e-mail: gdpr@spacebel.be.
Security
SPACEBEL treats all transmitted data with the utmost care and with an appropriate level of security. Unless specified otherwise, all data you provide will be processed by SPACEBEL only.
Limitations on the Nature and Use of our Website
The information contained on this website is intended for general information only, as it is brief in nature and subject to change.
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Membre d'Agoria
Membre de la Loyd
Spacebel © 2020 - All rights reserved
Globule Bleu
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled