http://www.drs-ts.com/cookie-policy
Who We Are
Our Commitment
Our Leadership
Our Segments
Our History
Contract Vehicles
Investors
What We Do
Domains
Capabilities
Products and Services
News
Press Releases
In the News
Thought Leadership
News Features
SITREP
Events
Media
Careers
Contact Us
Suppliers
Documents
Frequently Asked Questions
Supplier Diversity
Locations
Naval Power Systems - Danbury, CT
Naval Electronics -
Laurel Technologies - Washington Navy Yard, DC
Naval Electronics - Laurel Technologies - Germantown, MD
Naval Electronics - Laurel Technologies - Johnstown, PA
Naval Electronics - Laurel Technologies - Largo, FL
Naval Electronics - Laurel Technologies - Chesapeake, VA
Naval Power Systems - Marlo Heat Transfer Solutions - High Ridge, MO
Naval Electronics - Pivotal Power - Bedford, Nova Scotia
Naval Power Systems - Milwaukee, WI
Naval Power Systems - Fitchburg, MA
Land Systems - St Louis, MO
Land Systems - West Plains, MO
Global Enterprise Solutions - Polson, MT
DRS Technologies Canada- Ottawa, Ontario
Naval Electronics - Laurel Technologies - Twin Cities, MN
Naval Electronics - Laurel Technologies - San Diego, CA
Airborne & Intelligence Systems- Fort Walton Beach
Privacy Policy
Share
Social Account
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Social
|
Suppliers
|
Locations
Contact Us
Who We Are
Our Commitment
Our Leadership
Our Segments
Our History
Contract Vehicles
Investors
What We Do
Domains
Capabilities
Products and Services
News
Press Releases
In the News
Thought Leadership
News Features
SITREP
Events
Media
Careers
Contact Us
Leonardo DRS
Cookie Policy
LEONARDO DRS, INC. COOKIE POLICY
Last modified: August 20, 2018
Leonardo DRS, Inc. (“Leonardo DRS”) policy is to be transparent and open to its users about its privacy-related practices.  This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies. This Cookie Policy explains these technologies and, where applicable, how you can choose to control them. This Cookie Policy is part of our more comprehensive Privacy Policy and is a legally binding agreement between Leonardo DRS and you as a user of our Sites.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time and will post a notice of such changes on our Sites.  Please check back to review any updates to this Cookie Policy. The last modified date at the top of this page indicates when this Cookie Policy was last revised. Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Sites.
You can change your preferences and settings for Analytics Cookies and Advertising Cookies here.
1. DOES LEONARDO DRS USE COOKIES?
Yes. As described in our Privacy Policy, we use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses our Site has the best possible experience. By checking the “I Agree” button on our cookie pop-up notice on our Sites, or clicking to close the cookie pop-up notice on our Sites, you agree that you have affirmatively consented to and opted-in to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.  Further, by using the Sites, you agree that we can use these technologies as described in this Cookie Policy. We hope that this Cookie Policy helps you understand our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. If you have any further questions regarding this Cookie Policy or requests, please contact us at our contact information provided below in Section 8.
2. WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small file placed onto your device from our servers. They are widely used in order to make websites and cloud-based services work in a better, more efficient way. For example, they can recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of a website or cloud-based service more convenient (e.g., by allowing you to enter a password less frequently or remembering your user preferences).
Taken alone, cookies do not personally identify you – rather, they merely recognize your Web browser.  Unless you choose to identify yourself to Leonardo DRS, such as filling out a web form or you have previously identified yourself to us, you remain anonymous.
3. WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE?
We use different types of cookies on our Sites to make your interaction with our Sites easy and meaningful – strictly necessary cookies, functionality cookies, analytics cookies, and advertising cookies.  The Sites may include first-party cookies (i.e., cookies that send data directly to Leonardo DRS and agents and contractors acting on our behalf , including cookies used to monitor, analyze, and administer the Sites) and third-party cookies (i.e., cookies that send data to our contractors for their commercial use).
We use cookies that are session-based and persistent-based.  Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer or device when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer or device after you close your browser or turn off your computer. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level (see Section 5 below for instructions on how to do so), but note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our services and websites.
Below we describe the different types of cookies we may use on the Sites and our purpose for using them.  You have the ability to opt out and limit which cookies apply to your use of our Sites – more information on how to change your browser’s cookie settings are provided in Section 5 below.
A. Strictly Necessary Cookies.
Some cookies are essential to the operation of our services on the Sites.  They are used to facilitate our log-in process, authenticate users, and enable you to navigate the Sites and to use their features.  Without these cookies, we may not be able to provide certain services or features, and the Sites may not perform as smoothly for you as we would like.
Because strictly necessary cookies are essential to operate our services on the Sites, if you choose to use a product on our Sites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
B. Functionality Cookies.
In some circumstances, we may use functionality cookies. Functionality cookies allow us to remember the choices you make while browsing on the Sites, and to provide enhanced and more personalized content and features, such as customizing a certain webpage or application page, remembering if we have asked you to participate in a promotion and for other services you request, like watching a video or commenting on a blog. In order to permit your connection to the Sites, our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser, potentially including your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. All of these features help us to improve your visit and assist in navigation of the Sites’ features.
To manage the use of functionality cookies on our Sites, or to opt out of their use, follow the instructions in Section 5 of this Cookie Policy.  Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using our Sites.
C. Analytics Cookies.
We and our service providers may use analytics cookies, which are sometimes called performance cookies, to collect information about your use of the Sites and enable us to improve the way they work. Analytics cookies collect information about how you use the Sites, for instance, which pages you go to most. The information allows us to see the overall patterns of usage, help us record any difficulties users may have while using the Sites and show us whether or not our advertising is effective.
To manage the use of analytics cookies on our Sites, or to opt out of their use, follow the instructions in Section 5 of this Cookie Policy.  Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using our Sites.
D. Advertising Cookies.
We may also use cookies and similar tools to correlate your use of the Sites to personal information obtained about you. For example, if you have asked us to provide you information about our upcoming campaigns, our services or any promotions, we may utilize our cookie and/or clickstream data about your activities when you engage with us on the Sites. By evaluating this information, we may more clearly target the information we provide you to the specific items we think you will find interesting, based on your prior online activities and preferences.
We also use third party advertising cookies. We and our service providers may use advertising cookies to deliver ads that we believe are more relevant to you and your interests.
To manage the use of advertising cookies on our Sites, or to opt out of their use, follow the instructions in Section 5 of this Cookie Policy.  Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using our Sites.
4. THIRD PARTY COOKIES ON THE SITES.
In some circumstances, we may work with third parties to provide services on our Sites. For example, we use analytics services supported by third party companies who generate analytics cookies on our behalf. We may not have access to these cookies, although we may use statistical information arising from the cookies provided by these third parties to customize content and for the other purposes described above. These companies may also transfer this information to other parties where required to do so by law, or where such other parties process the information on their behalf.
We may not control these third-party cookies and their use may be governed by the privacy policies of the third parties employing these cookies. To learn about these cookies and to disable or reject third-party cookies, please refer to the relevant third party’s website and privacy policy.
Third Party
Description
SharpSpring
SharpSpring is a marketing automation tool used to track user engagement, support email automation, and facilitate form submission.
For information on SharpSpring's cookie policy, please visit:
https://sharpspring.com/legal/sharpspring-cookie-policy/
Azure
Microsoft Azure provides web hosting for Leonardo DRS. Azure uses cookies to enable load balancing across multiple servers in order to optimize page load times.
For information on Microsoft's cookie policy, please visit:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Marketo
Marketo is a marketing automation company that uses cookies to personalize engagement with returning visitors.
For information on Marketo's cookie policy, please visit:
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
SeaAirSpace
The Sea-Air-Space exposition is an annual maritime exposition. They use cookies to personalize their content across devices and maintain user state across pageviews.
For information on SeaAirSpace's cookie policy, please visit:
http://www.seaairspace.org/privacy-policy
Algolia
Algolia provides custom site search capabilities to Leonardo DRS. They use cookies to send statistics about the usage of their tool on client sites.
For information on Algolia's cookie policy, please visit:
https://www.algolia.com/policies/cookies
Career Arc
Career Arc provides powers the job search tool used by Leonardo DRS, and uses cookies to maintain session information about the user while they interact with the site.
For information on Career Arc's cookie policy, please visit:
https://www.careerarc.com/privacy
Vimeo
Vimeo is a video service that Leonardo DRS uses for some embedded videos. Vimeo uses cookies to collect data about a user's interaction with the embedded video content.
For information on Vimeo's cookie policy, please visit:
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
Pingdom
Pingdom is a tool to monitor site uptime and availability. It uses cookies to determine the status of a site and verify site stability.
For more information on Pingdom’s cookie practices, please visit www.pingdom.com/legal/cookie-policy
AddToAny
AddToAny provides social sharing integration tools and they use cookies to update and provide information on social sharing status.
For information on AddToAny's cookie policy, please visit:
https://www.addtoany.com/privacy
Bing
Bing, Microsoft’s search and advertising network, is used by Leonardo DRS for advertising, display ads and retargeting.
For more information on Microsoft’s cookie practices, please visit https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/PrivacyStatement
Google AdWords
Google AdWords is an advertising service provided by Google that uses cookies to track users across sites in order to display relevant advertising.
For information on Google AdWords' cookie policy, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manger is used to safely and easily deploy analytics and measurement tag configurations to our sites.
For information on Google Tag Managers’ cookie policy, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
Facebook
Facebook is used by Leonardo DRS for advertising, display ads and retargeting.
For more information on Facebook’s cookie practices, please visit www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
LinkedIn
LinkedIn is used by Leonardo DRS for advertising, display ads and retargeting.
For more information on LinkedIn’s cookie practices, please visit https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
Twitter
Twitter is a social network. Twitter cookies are used to store user preferences.
For information on Twitter's cookie policy, please visit:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Madison Logic
Madison Logic is used by Leonardo DRS for advertising, display ads and retargeting.
For more information on Madison Logic’s cookie practices, please visit https://www.madisonlogic.com/privacy/
YouTube
YouTube is a video sharing service provided by Google that Leonardo DRS uses to embed certain videos. They use cookies to manage the embedded player, track user interactions, and manage the suggested video playlist.
For information on YouTube's cookie policy, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
You can also learn more about controlling cookies in Section 5 below.
5. HOW YOU CAN CONTROL COOKIES ON OUR SITES.
If you want to control the cookies that are placed on your computer or other device, you could view cookies stored on your hard drive, choose whether or not to permit cookies to be set by default by changing browser settings as provided in this Section, or delete the cookies stored on your hard drive.
Please be aware, however, that your decision to control cookies may affect your experience of our Sites – you may not be able to access all or parts of those Sites.
The main Web browsers allow you to change your cookie settings directly through their sites. These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful; otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Browser
Link to Change Cookie Settings
Chrome
support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py
Internet Explorer
support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Safari
docs.info.apple.com/article.html
Firefox
support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies
Flash
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118
For information on how to use the browser of your mobile device to amend cookie settings, you will need to refer to your mobile device manual.
The following third party links contain additional information about cookies and other helpful information on your ability to control what cookies apply to you. Please note, however, that these links will take you to third party sites over which Leonardo DRS has no control:
Link to Site
Description
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
offers comprehensive information on how to amend the settings of a wide variety of browsers, details on how to delete cookies from your computer, and more general information about cookies
www.aboutcookies.org
offers comprehensive information on how to amend the settings of a wide variety of browsers, details on how to delete cookies from your computer, and more general information about cookies
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk
offers information about third  party cookies generated by advertisers and how you can turn these off by going to the Internet Advertising Bureau's (IAB) consumer site
www.networkadvertising.org
offers a comprehensive listing of opt-outs for advertising platforms, however, note that there are many more networks listed on this site than those used by us at LEONARDO DRS
6. “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS.
“Do Not Track” is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings.  Some Web browsers may be configured to send Do Not Track signals to websites, or users may use similar mechanisms, to indicate a user’s preference that certain web technologies not be used to track the user’s online activity.  The Sites do not accept or process such Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms.
7. OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
This Cookie Policy only contains information about Leonardo DRS’ use of cookies.  Please see our Privacy Policy for a detailed description of how we collect, use, and disclose information about our users.
8. CONTACT US.
If you have any comments or questions about our Sites, including our use of cookies, please contact us at legal@daylightsolutions.com or write to us at Leonardo DRS, Inc., Attn: Legal, 2345 Crystal Drive, Suite 1000, Arlington, Virginia, 22202.
Leonardocompany.com
|
User Agreement/Disclaimers
|
Site Map
|
©2020 Leonardo DRS
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Privacy Notice for Californians