http://www.frameready.com/privacy
×
Start A Remote Session
Download TeamViewer Quick SupportClick to download, then open the file: TeamViewerQS
Mac Users (Mojave and Catalina)
After opening Team Viewer, you may need to:
• Click the Apple icon (top right)
• Click System Preferences
• Click the Security & Privacy icon
• Open the Privacy tab
• Scroll down to Accessibility
• Put a checkmark beside both TeamViewer Host and TeamViewer_Desktop to allow us to properly control the Mac
Close
Toggle navigation
FrameReady
Home
About FrameReady
Pricing Profitably & Accurately
Powerful Business Tools
Testimonials
What It Looks Like
Our Team
See It In Action!
Get Your Vendor Pricing
Did you get your Free Trial?
Products
FrameReady
FrameReady Lite
Comparison Chart
Free Trial
Contact
Support
Support Centre
Knowledgebase
Online Help
Price Consulting
Upgrades
Installation/Migration
Additional Computers/Server
Licensing Terms & Service Policy
System Requirements
Start a Remote Session
Privacy
Adatasol, Inc. Statement of Privacy
Privacy
Adatasol, Inc. Statement of Privacy
This document was last updated May 2013.
At Adatasol, Inc., we are committed to protecting your privacy and to developing technology that gives you a secure online experience. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. Please read the complete Adatasol, Inc. privacy statement.
Collecting your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to download products, ordering e-mail newsletters. Personal information collected by Adatasol, Inc. often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for four primary purposes:
To make the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once.
To help you quickly find software, services or information on Adatasol, Inc.
To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Adatasol, Inc.
Adatasol, Inc. will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Adatasol, Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Adatasol, Inc. and its family of Web sites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Adatasol, Inc., its Web sites, or the public.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Adatasol, Inc. will not share that information with third parties without your permission. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Adatasol, Inc. may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service issues related to a product or service you requested. You will be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings.
Security of your Personal Information
Adatasol, Inc. protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits the FrameReady web site, a cookie may be placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from certain sections of the Web site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit or you may not be able to subscribe to certain service offerings on the site.
Changes to this Statement
See "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this Statement, Adatasol, Inc. will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Contact Information
Adatasol, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy, please contact us by e-mail, or postal mail. Contact information available on our web sites.