http://www.fractalink.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
case studies
core team
team
clients
contact us
live team
live team
EXPERIENCE
DESIGN AND
CONSULTANCY
terms
This website (the "www.fractalink.com") is owned and operated by Fractalink Design Studio Private Limited, a company incorporated in India and having its registered address
at Devchand House, 1st floor, Shiv Sagar Estate Road, Shiv Sagar Estate, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400018 bearing CIN:U74999MH2011PTC213907.
This user agreement is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 ("Act") and rules thereunder as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended
by the Information Technology (Amendment) Act, 2008. This user agreement is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
Please read these terms and conditions of use of the Website carefully as by using the Website you agree to be bound by them. We reserve the right to vary the conditions of use at any time and will post any variations here.
You are advised to review the conditions of use on a regular basis as you will be deemed to have accepted variations if you continue to use the Website after they have been posted.
If you do not agree to abide by these conditions of use you should not use the Website in any way.
Company take every care and precaution to ensure that information published on the Website is accurate when posted and regularly updated, but Company doesn’t guarantee or can be held liable for its accuracy or timeliness and
Company may change the information at any time without notice. You must not rely on the information on the Website and you acknowledge that you must take appropriate steps to verify this information before acting on it.
The company publishes the website “as is” without any warranty of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the website, the accuracy of the information or the products or services referred to on the website (in
So far as such warranties may be excluded under any relevant law) and to the extent permitted by law, company shall not be liable for any losses or damage whether direct or indirect (including, without limitation direct
Or indirect loss of profits), consequential, special or otherwise incidental that may result from use of the website howsoever arising.
The information contained in the Website is not an invitation to enter into any business relationship, invest in shares or other securities, or any other products or services or otherwise deal in these or enter into a contract
with Company or any other company. The information provided should not be relied upon in connection with any business decision. You should always seek appropriate professional advice in relation to such intended business
relationships with Company or its affiliate companies.
The past performance of Company or any other company referred to on the Website cannot be relied upon as a guide to its future performance.
Any reference to any product or service which has been or may be provided by Company or any other company does not amount to a promise that such product or service will be available at any time. Changes to or improvements in
such products or services may be made at any time without notice.
You hereby consent, expresses and agrees that you have read and fully understood the Privacy Policy (as provided on the Website), and any other documents, instructions, etc. included on the Website which shall be a part of
these Terms. You further consent that the terms and contents of such Privacy Policy are acceptable to him/her. By submitting data to Us or by using the Website, You consent to Our use of such data and agree to be communicated
by Us to facilitate Your usage of Our services.
Company owns the copyright in the content published on the Website except where otherwise indicated by a third party's proprietary notice. Images, trade marks, logos, and brands are also protected by other intellectual property
laws and may not be reproduced or appropriated in any manner without written permission of their respective owners. Unless specifically prohibited by a notice published on any page, you may make a print copy of such parts
of the Website as you may reasonably require for your own personal use provided that any copy has attached to it any relevant proprietary notices and/or disclaimers. All other use is prohibited.
This Website may contain links to other websites owned and operated by third parties who are not related to the Company ("Third-Party Websites"). Third-Party Websites are not under the control of
Company and Company shall not be responsible for the content of any Third-Party Websites or any hyperlink contained in a Third-Party Websites and makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any such
Third-Party Websites.
Your access and usage of any Third-Party Websites is entirely at Your own risk . We shall not be a party to any transaction between You and a Third-Party Website. Your use of a Third-Party Website is subject to the terms and
conditions of that Third-Party Websites in addition to these Terms of Use. If there is any inconsistency these Terms of Use prevail.
The Website may contain third party advertisements, promotions, etc. (that may or may not contain embedded hyperlinks or referral buttons to Third-Party Websites). The display of such advertising does not in any way imply an
endorsement or recommendation by the Company of the relevant advertiser, its products or services or any such Third-Party Website. You must refer directly to the relevant advertiser for all information regarding the advertiser
and its products and/or services. The Company accepts no responsibility for any interaction between You and the relevant third party and is released from any liability arising out of or in any way connected with such interaction
and/or any defects, deficiencies, claims, etc. arising out of an advertiser’s products and/or services.
Privacy Policy (as provided on the Website), and any other documents, instructions, etc. included on the Website shall be read into this and shall be a part of these Terms of Use.
These Terms of use are governed by the laws of India and you agree that the courts in Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute.
To the extent that any part of these conditions of use is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction such part shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms all of which
shall remain in full force and effect as permitted by law.
EXPERIENCE
DESIGN AND
CONSULTANCY
WHAT MAKESFRACTAL
Home
Case Studies
Core Team
Team
Contact Us
case studies
D'decor
Catch Media
5nance
Aditya Birla Payment Bankings
Maruti
Voot
Raymond
Goqii
KNOWLEDGE AT FRACTAL
Blogs
media & awards
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
CONTENT © COPYRIGHT .