http://www.versionshelf.com/privacy_policy
DeutschHome·FAQ·Blog·Pricing & Sign-up
Data Privacy Policy
Our website
may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to
certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We
collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address,
telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data
protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated
exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data
protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the
Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to
the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal
information by the provider.
Shelf Cloud – Thomas Steinhausen
T: 0171 - 585 0 211
E: info@shelfcloud.de
Please be
aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and,
therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data
cannot be ensured.
Cookies
Our website
makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website
by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files
that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used
to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session
cookies" that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically
recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The
information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite
your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your
browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you
may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For
technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser
transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is
collected:
- type and version of the browser you use
- operating system
- websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
- websites that you visit
- date and time of your visit
- your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may
have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular
person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our
website and services.
Purpose of Registering
We offer you
the opportunity to sign up for our website. The information entered when
signing up, as shown in the registration form
like name, adress, e-mail and tax-id
is collected
and stored solely for use by our website. When signing up for our website, we
also store your IP address and the date and time you registered. This serves to
protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge
makes use of your data to sign up for our site. None of this information
is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any
information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymization
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization feature on our website. In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of our site, to compile reports on website activity for us, and to provide other services related to website- and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or to the extent this data is processed by third parties on Google´s behalf.
Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Google also offers a disabling option for the most common browsers, thus providing you with greater control over the data which is collected and processed by Google. If you enable this option, no information regarding your website visit is transmitted to Google Analytics. However, the activation does not prevent the transmission of information to us or to any other web analytics services we may use. For more information about the disabling option provided by Google, and how to enable this option, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Using PayPal as a payment method
If, while completing your order, you decide to use PayPal as an online payment service, your contact details will be sent to PayPal during the order process. PayPal is a service from PayPal (Europe) S.à.rl & Cie. SCA, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. PayPal assumes the function of an online payment service and trustee, and offers buyer protection services.
The personal data transmitted to PayPal usually includes your first name, last name, address, telephone number, IP address, e-mail address, or other data required to process your order, such as the quantity of articles ordered, the article number, invoice amount, percentage taxes and invoice details, etc.
This information needs to be transferred to process your order using your chosen payment method, mainly in order to confirm your identity and manage your payment and the customer relationship.
Please note the following however: PayPal may also pass on your personal data to subcontractors or other affiliates, to the extent necessary for fulfilling the contractual obligations arising from your order or for processing personal data in your order.
Depending on the payment type you pre-select in your PayPal account, which may include payment by invoice or direct debit, PayPal will transfer the personal data transferred to PayPal to credit agencies. The information transferred serves to identify you and to verify your creditworthiness with regard to the order you have placed. Please refer to the PayPal Privacy Policy for more information on the credit agencies PayPal transfers data to and which data is collected, processed, stored and passed on by PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis
of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have
questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal
information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the
same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you
have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data
deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this
data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement provided by the Law Offices of Weiß & Partner
Questions
If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at info at versionshelf.com
Versionshelf is a service of Shelf Cloud·Legal information·Terms of Service·Privacy Policy