http://www.chameleoni.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyDavid Egan2018-06-28T14:43:30+00:00
Chameleon-i Privacy Policy
You can visit Chameleon-i on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We collect no such information about you when you visit our sites, unless you choose to provide that information to us.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website and database users. This policy sets out how we will treat your business information.
Except for the information about your computer described below under ‘cookies’, all the information we hold about you is provided by you and you are responsible for its accuracy.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
a) Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website or Chameleon-i CRM services including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation
b) Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website or Chameleon-i CRM, including information relating to any purchases you make of our services or software (including consultancy, web service usage, and software widgets)
c) Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including enquiries and support)
d) Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website or Chameleon-i CRM services, email notifications and/or newsletters
e) Any other information that you choose to send to us.
2. Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. Cookies also protect the reliability of recorded Usernames and Passwords and limit access to services which are ‘paid for’. We may use “session” cookies on the website or Chameleon-i CRM services.
We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our website or Chameleon-i CRM will not function properly when you view them.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our website or Chameleon-i CRM services. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Chameleon-i only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
3.Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. We do not share customer details with any 3rd Parties without express permission.
We may use your personal information to:
a) Administer our website or Chameleon-i CRM services
b) Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website
c) Enable your use of the services available on the website or web applications
d) Send you invoices and collect payments from you
e) Send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to Chameleon-i CRM services which we think may be of interest to you where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology. You can inform us at any time if you no longer require product or marketing communications.
f) Provide third parties with statistical information about our users – this information will not be used to identify any individual user
g) Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website or Chameleon-i CRM services
h) Devise case studies or use your testimonials on the website, press releases, marketing channels and any other publicity materials as well as the right to link to your website. We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for direct marketing.
Service Providers and Partners Products and Services.
We use third parties to provide credit card and direct debit processing for our website and Chameleon-i CRM services and we facilitate third party pre-integrated partner products to provide additional features and functionality. When you sign up for a billable product or activate a third parties partner product or service, we will provide them the information necessary for the third party to provide their service.
In accordance with PCI compliance, we do not store Credit Card details on our systems.
4. Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may confidentially disclose your personal information:
a) To the extent that we are required to do so by law
b) In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings
c) In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
d) To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling
e) To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. All data added to the customer’s own database (excluding customer billing and contact information) is stored within the UK and the European Economic Area. However, the data can be accessed from anywhere in the world with a valid username and password.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others. You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
6. Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password except when you log in to the website or web applications.
7. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
8. Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address). We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law. You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
9. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
10. Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated as per our Terms of Business.
11. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to support@chameleoni.com
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Get the APP
Get the Chameleon-i App for iOS or Android so you can look up records, upload documents and more whilst on the move.Download it today, search for Chameleoni at the relevant store
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Go to Top