http://www.ghs.com/policies/cookies_policy.html
Home
RSS Contact Us Search
Products
Platform Solutions
Aerospace & Defense
Automotive
Industrial Safety
Medical
Secure Networking
Software Defined Radio (SDR)
Operating Systems
INTEGRITY RTOS
INTEGRITY-178 tuMP RTOS
INTEGRITY
Multivisor
µ-velOSity RTOS
Development Tools
MULTI IDE
MULTI IDE for Embedded Linux
AdaMULTI IDE
Optimizing Compilers
TimeMachine Debugger
DoubleCheck Analyzer
Embedded Security
Processor Probes
SuperTrace Probe
Green Hills Probe V4
OS Middleware
Networking
File systems
USB
Graphics
By Processor
Arm
Power Architecture
Intel Architecture
V850 / RH850
RISC-V
ColdFire
68K
MIPS
SH
TriCore
Markets
Aerospace & Defense
Automotive
Consumer
Industrial
Medical
Networking & Telecom
Software Defined Radio (SDR)
Benefits
Total Reliability
Absolute Security
Maximum Performance
Lowest Production Cost
Lowest Development Cost
Satisfied Customers
Services
Training
INTEGRITY Security Services
Quick Start Consulting
Performance Tune-Up
Productivity Consulting
Product Cost Reduction
Production Customization
3rd Party Integrations
New Architecture Support
Support
Spectre and Meltdown
Get Support
Partners
News
News Releases
Media Coverage
White Papers
Upcoming Events
About
Company Background
Management Team
Why Choose Us
Office Locations
Customers
Videos
Careers
Overview
Effective May 2018
Our websites (the "Online Services") use cookies and other device identifying technologies ("Cookies") to provide our Online Services. You can read more about the types of cookies we use, why we use them and how you can exercise your cookies choices below. To understand how your personally identifiable information is used for Online Services, please see our Privacy Policy.
What are cookies
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on our Online Services to improve performance and make your experience better. A cookie is simply a piece of text, which can be placed on the browser of your personal computer or mobile device and subsequently read as you visit a website. A cookie may be a session cookie, that is, a cookie that remains on your browser while you are logged on to a particular website and then disappears when you close your browser, or it may be a persistent cookie, a cookie that remains on your browser over a period of time. Information from a cookie may be collected and used in aggregate form.
We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance the online experience of our visitors and to better understand how the Online Services are used.
These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Cookies may tell us whether you have visited the Online Services before or whether you are a new visitor. We also use cookies to maintain authentication information and to maintain persistent connections across our distributed infrastructure. If you reject cookies, you may have limited features or functionality on our Online Services.
There are different types of cookies, for example:
Cookies served directly by Green Hills Software LLC together with its subsidiaries (“Green Hills,” “we”, “our” or “us”) ('first party cookies'), and cookies served on our behalf, for example by marketing automation and data analytics companies ('third party cookies'); and
Cookies which endure for different periods of time, including those that only last only as long as your browser is open (referred to as 'session cookies' or 'temporary cookies'). These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are 'permanent cookies', meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. For example, they recognize your device when you open your browser and browse the internet again.
Which cookies do we use and why do we use them?
The following table sets out the different categories of cookies that the Online Services use and why we use them.
Type of cookie
Source
What these cookies do
How to exercise your cookie choices
Essential website cookies
Green Hills Technical Support
Associate your web browser session with your support.ghs.com login, allowing access to exclusive technical content and authorized product downloads.
You can control and delete these cookies through your browser settings after each login session. If you choose to do so, you will have to re-enter your login and password to access the support.ghs.com resources associated with your account.
Functionality cookies
Green Hills
This cookie retains the contact details you provide on our contact and document download requests solely to remove the need to re-type this information for every request.
You can control and delete these cookies through your browser settings. If you choose to do so, you will need to re-input your contact details for every request.
Analytics cookies
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information on how the Online Services are used and to report on the Online Services usage statistics.
More information, including details on how to opt-out, is available here:
Google’s privacy policy
Opt out of Google Analytics
Analytics cookies
CommuniGator
We use CommuniGator to recognize you and see how you navigate
the Online Services. This helps us improve the way our website works.
You can control and delete these cookies through your browser settings. More information is available here:
CommuniGator’s privacy policy
Marketing cookies
CommuniGator
We use CommuniGator to recognize you when you return to the Online Services. This enables us to personalize our content for you. These cookies also record your visit to the Online Services, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our Online Services, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.
More information is available here:
CommuniGator’s privacy policy
Analytics / log files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it.
This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, or to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
Personalized Messaging
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our website or to provide more relevant content. Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish not to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.
You will continue to receive generic ads.
How can you exercise your cookies choices?
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. However, they are an important part of how our Online Services work, so you should be aware that if you choose to refuse or remove cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality the Online Services.
If you don’t want the Online Services to use cookies, please follow the instructions below.
Website (Browser) Opt-Out:
Most browsers accept cookies by default.
You may be able to change the settings to have your browser refuse certain cookies or notify you before accepting cookies.
To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your browser, which are usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or "Edit" menus.
Some third parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking on an opt-out link, and we have tried to indicate where this is possible in the table above.
If you no longer want to accept cookies from this site, click "Disallow" on the grey banner at the bottom of this screen. If this banner is not visible, mouse over the grey tab in the lower left corner of the browser menu and click on "Cookie Settings" to display it again.
For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Changes to the Policy:
We may modify or update this privacy notice from time to time. If we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we process your personal information, we will notify you of these changes before applying them to that personal information.
Contact us:
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us at: privacy@ghs.com.
© 1996-2020
Green Hills Software Privacy Policy Cookies PolicyCopyright & Patent Notices