http://www.jigsaw24.com/website-user-conditions
You are accessing this website with an out of date browser. Please update to enjoy an optimal experience.
Deals
Apple
Storage
Video Production
Post-production
Workstations
Networking
Displays
Pro Audio
Brands
Apple Deals
Clearance
Storage Deals
Notebook Deals
Mac Deals
Display Deals
Wacom Deals
Audio Deals
iPad Deals
Post Production Deals
Networking Deals
Production Deals
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
Mac Pro
iMac
iMac Pro
Mac mini
Apple TV
Mac Accessories
iPad
iPad
iPad Mini 5
iPad Air
iPad Pro 11
iPad Pro 12.9
iPad for Education
iPad Cases
iPad Accessories
iPhone
iPhone 12 Pro Max
iPhone 12 Pro
iPhone 12
iPhone 12 Mini
iPhone 11 Pro Max
iPhone 11 Pro
iPhone 11
iPhone 8 Plus
iPhone 7 Plus
iPhone SE
iPhone Accessories
Watch
Apple Watch Series 6
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Series 3
Watch Accessories
iPod
iPod Accessories
Apple Warranties
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Component Storage
Internal Hard Drives
Solid State Drives
Personal Storage
USB Flash Drives
Desktop Hard Drives
Portable Hard Drives
Workflow Media
Personal Media Asset Management
Accessories & Spares
Shared Storage
Avid NEXIS
DDP
EditShare
OpenDrives
Quantum
Media Asset Management
Backup & Archiving
Network Storage
LTO Hardware
LTO Media
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Cameras
Camera Accessories
Camera Lighting
Camera Tripods, Supports & Rigs
Camera Memory Cards
Camera Lenses
Camera Batteries
Camera Mics
Camera Bags & Cases
Live Production
Intercom
Mixers & Switchers
Chroma Key
Autocue Prompters and Tallylights
Streaming
Production Hardware
Monitors & Recorders
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Storage for Video
Avid NEXIS
EditShare
OpenDrives
Quantum
Media Asset Management
Video Hardware
Encoding
Video Servers
Recorders
Video IO
Routing
Video Cables
Video Conversion
Control Surfaces
Software
CineXtools
Monitors
Waveform Monitors
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Desktop Workstations
Mobile Workstations
Rackmount Workstations
Graphics Cards
Workstation Displays
Virtual Reality
Graphics Tablets
Workstation Components
Workstation Upgrades
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Uninterruptible Power Supplies
Switches
Network Adaptors
Cables
Apple Airport and Time Capsule
Wireless Controllers
Firewalls
Servers
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
All Displays
27" Monitors
24" Monitors
22" Monitors
Display Accessories
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Pro Tools
Pro Tools HDX
Avid Interfaces
Pro Tools Software
Pro Tools HD Compatible Interfaces
Pro Tools HD Native
Microphones
Microphone Stands
Microphone Accessories
Studio Outboard
Audio Converters
Sync Clocks
Monitoring
Monitor Speakers
Monitoring Headphones
Speaker Stands and Brackets
Audio Meters
Headphone Amplifiers
Monitor Controllers
Audio Hardware
Mixers
Audio and Midi Interfaces
Audio Cables
Midi Controllers
Control Surfaces
Studio Hardware
Studio Furniture
Acoustic Treatments
Studio Cases
Software
Production Software
Notation Software
Encoding Software
Audio Plugins
Location Recording
Portable Recorders and Mixers
Wireless Systems
Location Recording Microphones
Location Recording Cases
iOS Music
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Acronis
Adobe
Avid
Blackmagic Design
Code42
Dynamic Drive Pool
EditShare
EIZO
Focusrite
G-Technology
HP
IBM Aspera
Jamf
JBL
LaCie
Leader
NewTek
Object Matrix
Projective
Quantum
Wacom
XenData
View all
Brands
Shop Home
Purchasing Options
Solutions & Services
Whether you’re looking to deploy Apple in your business, increase digital collaboration in your workplace or
improve your IT infrastructure, our solutions have got you covered. They’re delivered by experts who’ve worked
in your field and are passionate about helping your business meet its objectives with technology.
Read more
The Apple Experience
Why Apple in Business?
Apple Consultancy Service
Apple Mobility as a Service
Pre-Staging and Deployment
Project Management and Coordination
Bespoke App Design
Managed Mac Notebook
Training
Device Management Services
Change Management Service
Data Archive Service
ITIL Services
Service Desk Support
Hardware Maintenance
Device Retirement and Recycling
iOS Advanced Replacement
Creative Pro
Audio
AV
Broadcast and Media Support
Encoding
Grading Finishing
Media Infrastructure
Monitor Calibration
Networking
Systems Integration
Via24
Video Post-production
Video Production
IT essentials
Cables Routing
Cloud and Hosted Services
Data Backup
Network Monitoring and Management
Repairs
Server Backup and Replication
Server Monitoring and Management
Support Services
Storage and Networking
Windows 10 and Office 365 Service
Customers
We help businesses, creatives, educational institutions and public sector bodies to
improve their performance through better sustainable technology and expert services,
support and sales. Find out more about the people and organisations we’re proud to work with.
Read more
Business
Design, Graphics and Publishing
Education
Media and Entertainment
Pro Audio
Retail
About
We’re one of the UK’s leading B2B technology solutions providers, having delivered amazing levels of
service for nearly 30 years. Find out how we use technology to help our customers solve real-world problems
while delivering projects in a sustainable, responsible way.
Read more
Our Insights
Our Culture
Environment
Workplace
Inclusivity
Contact Us
Partner with Us
Frameworks
Financials
Careers
News & Articles
Customer Stories
Events
Website User ConditionsThe rules for buying from us on the webWebsite User ConditionsThe rules for buying from us on the web IntroductionThank you for accessing this website. Please read these conditions of use before using this site which is operated by Jigsaw Systems Limited (trading as Jigsaw24), a company registered in England with company number 2682904 and whose address is The Old Mill, 40 High Church Street, Nottingham, NG7 7JA, United Kingdom ("we" or "us"). We operate this site for the purpose of advertising our goods and services to customers and potential customers and taking and processing on-line orders. By using this site, you signify your acceptance of these conditions in consideration of which we will provide you with access. From time to time we may modify the conditions. Accordingly, please continue to review the conditions of use whenever accessing or using this site. If at any time you do not wish to accept these conditions then you may not use this site. From time to time we may run promotions via the site. Separate terms and conditions will be posted where applicable governing such promotions.We may change these terms from time to time. Please check them before you make another purchase.No relianceWhilst we endeavour to ensure the accuracy of information accessed via this site, we cannot guarantee or give any warranty as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any information or material appearing on it. We have no responsibility for content provided by third parties and are merely providing access to such content to you. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any third party information and you acknowledge that any reliance on such information will be at your own risk.Copyright noticeThis site and all materials, text, code, content, software, videos, music, sound, graphics, photographs, illustrations, artwork, photographs, names, logos, marks, formats, files, graphics, devices and links contained in it or linked to it (together "Content") are protected by copyright, trade marks and other rights of intellectual property owned by us or licensed to us. Anyone accessing this site is entitled to view any part of it. However, the Content must not be used nor reproduced (in whole or part) for any other purpose including on or in connection another website or publication or for direct commercial gain. Furthermore, any links to this site must be notified to and approved by us before they are created or steps are taken to create the same.No WarrantyThis site and its Content are provided "as is" excluding warranties of any kind, either express or implied, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. We accept no liability for functions contained on the site and make no warranty that the site will operate uninterrupted or error-free or that any defect will be corrected. We do not warrant that the site is compatible with your computer equipment or that the site or its server is free of errors or viruses, worms or "Trojan horses". We shall not be liable for any damage you may suffer as a result of such destructive features.Limitation of LiabilityYou acknowledge that your use of this site and its Content is at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with this site, its Content or these conditions then your only remedy is to stop use of the site. Save for liability which we cannot in law restrict or exclude, we shall have no liability to you or any third party for any direct, special, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, exemplary or lost profits, or any other damages of any kind whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, even where we have been advised of the possibility of the same. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability of certain damages, so this limitation or exclusion may not apply to you in its entirety.Local laws and regulationsThis site is not directed at persons in a jurisdiction where for any reason the site's publication or availability is prohibited and any person in respect of whom such a prohibition applies must not access the site. We do not represent that this site or its Content is appropriate for use or permitted by local laws in every jurisdiction. Those who access the site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws or regulations. Legal advice should be sought in cases of doubt.Privacy statementThis statement sets out our policy in relation to the holding and using of information, which we may obtain from you in the course of your use of this site. Where you have provided us with information about yourself, we will use this information to process your order of goods from us as provided in our terms and conditions. In addition, unless you have opted not to on the relevant page on this website, we will use your personal information to let you know about similar products and services that we offer. Otherwise, we will not pass information we hold about you to any organisation.This site incorporates the use of Cookies. Cookies are small data text files that are sent from a server computer during a browsing session. Cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by websites to simulate a continuous connection to that site. In order to make our site more responsive to your needs we use cookies to track and manage information relative to your specific interests. In this way we can tailor our site to your needs, deliver a better and more personalised service and track the pages on our site that you visit. The use of cookies automatically identifies your browser to our computers whenever you interact with our site. Your browser option allows you to disable cookies. You should note that if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to access all the services on this site.For more information on cookies, please view our privacy notice.Validity of Provisions and RemediesEach provision of these conditions is severable. If any provision is or becomes invalid or contravenes applicable regulations then the remaining provisions will not be affected.RemediesOur rights and remedies under these conditions are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law or contract.WaiverNo waiver by us of any breach of these conditions shall constitute a waiver of any other breach. No failure by us to exercise any remedy shall constitute a waiver of the right subsequently to exercise that or any other remedy.Links to the siteWebsites or pages to which this site is linked (other than other websites operated by us) are for information only and have not been reviewed by us. We have no responsibility for the content of such websites or pages and accept no liability for any losses whatsoever that may be incurred as a result of any linking to the same.Governing law and jurisdictionThese conditions are governed by the laws of England.