https://www.cybertronsoft.com/products/privacy-eraser/
Cybertron Software
English (United States)
English (United States)
French
German
Italian
Japanese
Spanish
Portuguese
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Privacy Eraser
Privacy Drive
All Products
Download
Purchase
Support
Online Help
Support Center
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Media Kit
Newsletter
Home
Products
Privacy Eraser
Privacy Eraser - Clean Your Tracks & Protect Your Privacy!
The all-in-one privacy suite, PC optimization and cleaning tool to protect your privacy and make your computer faster, secure and more efficient!
Download
Buy Now!
Overview
Features
System Requirements
Screenshots
FAQs
Compare
Privacy Eraser is an easy to use solution for protecting your privacy by deleting your browsing history and other computer activities. All main popular web browsers are supported, including Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Opera.
With literally one click, Privacy Eraser will erase all digital footprints - web browser cache, cookies, browsing history, address bar history, typed urls, autocomplete form history, saved passwords, index.dat files, Windows' run history, search history, open/save history, recent documents, temporary files, recycle bin, clipboard, dns cache, log files, error reporting and more.
Privacy Eraser also supports plugins to further extend the software's cleaning features. Meaning you can also delete whatever tracks are left behind by other applications with your own plugins. Privacy Eraser embedded more than 250 free plugins, supporting many popular programs such as ACDSee, Adobe Reader, Microsoft Office, WinZip, WinRAR, Windows Media Player, VLC Player, BitTorrent, Google Toolbar and many others.
Privacy Eraser works with Windows 10/8.x/7/Vista/2012/2008 (32/64-bit), and also supports Windows FAT16/FAT32/exFAT/NTFS file systems. The software implements and exceeds the US Department of Defense and NSA clearing and sanitizing standards, giving you the confidence that once erased, your file data is gone forever and can never be recovered.
Major Features:
Internet Explorer (IE), Microsoft Edge, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and OperaCleans internet cache, browsing history, cookies, typed urls, download history, autocomplete & autofill form history, saved password and much more.
WindowsBetter computer security: cleans run history, search history, open & save history, recent documents, temporary files, recycle bin, clipboard, taskbar jump lists, dns cache, log files, memory dumps, error reporting and more.
Third party applicationsMore than 250 free, pre-configured plugins to clean the traces of many popular applications. You can also extend cleaning features by making your own app plugins - allowing any application's traces to be deleted.
Security levelSupports Simple zero-fill (1 pass), US DoD 5220.22-M (3 passes), US DoD 5220.22-M (ECE) (7 passes), Peter Gutmann (35 passes) and custom wipe methods.
File shredder
Permanently erases specific files and folders from your PC - beyond any hope of recovery.
Drive wiper
Securely wipes spare and hidden areas on your drives. All free clusters on the drives, including the contents of deleted files and folders, will be wiped like a new drive.
Registry cleaner
Removes obsolete and invalid registry entries for non-existing applications, fixes corrupted registry entries, optimizes your PC's performance and speeds up Windows startup.
Real-time monitoring
You can set Privacy Eraser to run automatically every time you close your browser, or you can set it to monitor your Windows system in the background and detect when to clean.
And much more...
Key Benefits:
Easy to use
Cleans all of your internet history traces and past activities with one click.
Privacy
Permanently deletes web history, websites and URLs visited, user names and passwords from a public or shared computer.
Security
Implements and in fact exceeds the US Department of Defense and NSA clearing and sanitizing standards. Once deleted, your file data is gone forever and can not possibly be recovered.
Space
Recovers hard drive space by deleting unnecessary and redundant files.
Speed
Speeds up internet surfing and browsing, boosts your PC's performance and stability making it faster, leaner and more efficient.
Intel/AMD or
compatible processor
Microsoft Windows 10, 8.x, 7, Vista, 2012, 2008 (32 or 64-bit)
1GB of RAM or more
20MB of available hard disk space
Home
Scan
Windows
Browsers
Applications
File Shredder
Drive Wiper
Tools
Misc.
Expand all
Benefits of Privacy Eraser?
Maybe you don't realize that Windows and third-party applications store history about your activities, what documents you have read, what websites you have visited, what images and movies you have viewed, and a variety of other activities you have performed.
The Windows built-in privacy features will not protect you, and most of the history can not even be deleted. The result is that anyone can see precisely what you have been doing on your computer, which may raise serious privacy concerns. In addition, much of this information takes up valuable hard drive space.
Cleaning up the history of these activities can be a tedious chore of manually removing each history file or entry - assuming you know which files to delete in the first place! If your privacy and hard drive space are to be maintained, this tiresome task must be performed every single time you use your computer. Our excellent all-in-one privacy suite, Privacy Eraser can automate this process for you!
How does Privacy Eraser work?
When you delete a file from Windows, Windows merely marks the file as deleted in the File Allocation Table. Contrary to what most users believe, no data is changed or overwritten and the file's contents still exist on your computer. There are also many tools available to allow your sensitive files to be recovered very easily. Privacy Eraser completely overwrites the contents of the file and then deletes it, so any undelete program (no matter how advanced) will never be able to recover it.
On top of that, the free space on a hard drive usually contains the contents of files that were previously deleted using standard Windows system commands. So even if you can not see them, the deleted files are still there. Privacy Eraser permanently erases all the data on the free space with several
passes, ensuring that any deleted files can not be recovered by any third party software.
Can data erased by Privacy Eraser be recovered?
Privacy Eraser completely implements and exceeds the US Department of Defense and NSA clearing and sanitizing standard, to give you absolute confidence that once erased, your files are gone forever and can not be recovered.
Note: The US Department of Defense recommends 3 overwrites, NSA recommends 7 overwrites. The more times you specify, the longer the wipe cycle will take, especially for large files or hard drives.
Why does some browsing history exist, even after cleaning?
It is strongly recommended that you close all cases of Windows Explorer, browsers and other applications before cleaning, because some files can not be deleted when they are in use. For Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Opera, even you close all the windows of them, maybe their icons are still in the system tray (lower right of the screen). Please check the system tray to see if there is an icon of them, if you can find, please right click on it to close it.
If you enabled Advanced sync settings in Google Chrome, please follow the steps below to change the sync settings:
1. Open Google Chrome.
2. Click Settings on Google Chrome menu.
3. On Sign in section, click Advanced sync settings... button, a dialog box will appear.
4. Click dropdown box, select Choose what to sync.
5. Uncheck History checkbox, then click OK button.
6. Close Google Chrome and run Privacy Eraser again.
Do I need to be an administrator to run Privacy Eraser?
Ideally yes. But you can still use it as a standard or limited user. In this case, Windows may prevent you from performing some advanced cleaning tasks.
Does Privacy Eraser clean all the user accounts on the computer?
Yes, it does. With multi-user profiles cleaning, you can easily clean multiple user accounts on a computer at once.
What happens after the license period expires?
Privacy Eraser Pro will automatically downgrade to the Free edition. You can always download the latest updates from our website at any time of your convenience.
How to install Privacy Eraser?
If you download Privacy Eraser self-extracting setup file from Internet. Just double click the setup file in Windows Explorer and the setup process will start. If you download the Privacy Eraser zip package, please extract all files from the package into a temporary directory using your archiver, such as WinZip or WinRAR. Run the installation program(setup.exe), follow the instructions that appear on the screen.
How to uninstall Privacy Eraser?
There are two ways to uninstall Privacy Eraser:
1. Click Start > All Programs > Privacy Eraser > Uninstall Privacy Eraser
2. Click Start > Control Panel > Programs and Features or Add/Remove Programs > Privacy Eraser
Main Features
Privacy Eraser Free Edition
Privacy Eraser Pro Edition
Clean up Internet history and past computer activities with 1 click
250+ free
plugins to detect & clean all traces of popular applications
Security Level: Normal file deletion and Simple zero-fill (1 pass)
Security Level: US DoD 5220.22-M (3 passes), US DoD 5220.22-M (ECE) (7 passes), Peter Gutmann (35 passes) and Custom wipe methods
File Shredder
Drive Wiper
Registry Cleaner
Windows Startup Manager
App Uninstaller
Schedule Options
Real-time Monitoring
Multi-user Profile Cleaning
Automatic Updates
Manual
Priority 24/7 Technical Support
Download
Buy Now!
What's New
11/15/2020 - Privacy Eraser Free v5.5 Released.
10/1/2020 - Privacy Eraser Free v5.4 Released.
9/5/2020 - Privacy Eraser Free v5.3 Released.
More...
Awards
More...
Testimonials
"You guys are amazing. Your products have always been the very best and your customer service is stellar.
I have been a consulting CIO and I introduce all my clients to your outstanding applications."
Chris Gage
More...
Home
Products
Privacy Eraser
Privacy Drive
All Products
Download
Purchase
Support
Online Help
Support Center
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Press Center
Media Kit
Newsletter
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Spread Your Love
Copyright © 2002-2020 Cybertron Software Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy