https://www.iress.com/resources/legal/cookies/
Software
Financial advice
Build relationships that transform your business.
Find out more
Trading and market data
Faster, smarter trading for firms of every size.
Find out more
Investment management
Technology for higher performance.
Find out more
Mortgages
A better mortgage experience for everyone.
Find out more
Life and pensions
Helping you find & apply for the right products for your clients.
Find out more
Superannuation
Fund administration to member advice - and everything in between.
Find out more
Support
Contact us
Coronavirus support
Software support
Community
Training
Our offices
Iress blog
Software integrations - Iress Open
Sign in
Search
Region
Search
Region
Cookies
Legal
Cookies
Privacy notice
Software & service terms
Data protection
Legal trading entities
Open source terms & conditions
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard driveThis site uses four types of cookies:1. Strictly necessary cookiesThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies some services cannot be provided.2. Functional cookiesThese cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.3. Performance cookiesThese cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.4. Tracking cookiesThese cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited, the material you have downloaded and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interest and to provide information to our sales team. We will also provide this information to third parties for these purposes.You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below :
Cookie
Type of cookie
Purpose
Expiry period
regionregion_selected
Functional cookie
Used to remember the region you have identified that you are browsing from, so that relevant content can be displayed. You can change the region using the globe icon in the menu.
1 year
csrftoken
Strictly necessary
Used to prevent Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF), where an attacker could submit form data on your behalf without your consent
1 year
Survey-* Survey-Started-*
Tracking cookie
These are set by Dotdigital, our form provider, and are used to record which forms you have viewed and filled in
1 year
__utma
Performance cookie
Google analytics- tracks number of visits to the site
Never
__utmb
Performance cookie
Google analytics- tracks length of time on the site
30 minutes
__utmc
Performance cookie
Google analytics- tracks length of time on the site (works with __utmb)
30 minutes
__utmz
Performance cookie
Google analytics- tracks where the visitor came from
__ptca__ptcc__ptcs__ptcz__pti_194991 __ptv_194991 ptv_perf_se
Tracking cookie
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information gathered by these cookies to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies also help us to customize our marketing efforts through various media and formats.
Never
We may access cookies stored on your computer when you visit our website or when you open an email from us. We are able to do this by including web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or web bugs) in our emails. Our web beacons do not store additional information on your computer but, by communicating with our cookies on your computer they can tell us when you have opened emails from us and what pages you look at.Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be performance cookies or tracking cookies.To delete cookies or web beacons that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies or web beacons. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.Our goal is to respect your privacy. To help us improve our privacy practices please contact us, we welcome your comments and queries.If you would like more information about cookies, you might like to visit allaboutcookies.org
Iress is a technology company providing software to the financial services industry.Our software is used by more than 9,000 businesses and 500,000 users globally.
Resources
Media
Investors
Trust
Website terms
Legal
Preferences
Governance
Cookies
About
About us
Join us
Social
Twitter
LinkedIn
Youtube
Instagram
© Iress 2020