http://www.dotology.com/terms/doc/privacy.policy
Loading...
Terms
:: Dot Holding, Inc. Privacy Policy
Dot Holding, Inc. Privacy Policy
1. IP Address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer Dotology. We use cookies to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit Dotology.
2. Registration Data. Our registration form requires you to provide contact information such as name and email address. We use contact information from the registration form to send you information about us and contact you when necessary. If you prefer to not receive most of our future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
3. Hyperlinks. Dotology may contain hyperlinks to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party sites.
4. Financial Information. Dotology uses an online ordering system that enables you to register domain names online, as well as access other services we offer. We collect your financial information such as account and/or credit card numbers for the sole purpose of billing you for the Services you purchase.
5. Cookies. We may permit an ad company to display ads on Dotology that may contain cookies. While we do use cookies in other parts of Dotology, cookies received with banner ads are collected by an advertising company. That advertising company, and not us, has exclusive control of and access to the information it collects.
6. Public Forums. We may offer you chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups as available. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information.
7. Security. We follow security measures to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of the personal information under our control. Any credit card or other sensitive information you enter is transmitted via SSL, a very strong encryption technology, which is the Internet standard for safety and security.
8. Permitted Disclosures. We may disclose personal information about you to third parties when the disclosures have been specifically authorized by you or when we believe, in good faith, that such disclosures are reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, dispute resolution process, or to comply with or enforce this Agreement.
9. Remarketing. We are participants in remarketing advertising. This program allows us to connect with previous customers and visitors in an effort to encourage them to purchase our services through targeted advertising. Through participation in this program, we permit third-party vendors, including Google, to display our advertising on websites across the Internet. Google uses cookies to serve our advertising on visitors to our site whenever they browse competing sites for similar services. We do permit anyone to opt-out of this program as outlined below.
10. Choice/Opt-Out. When we first request information from you, we provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving certain communications from us and our affiliates. We also give you an opportunity to remove your information from our database and to decline future communications or to cancel any of our offered Services. Please visit http://dotology.com/my/profile/communications/ for more information. We also permit anyone to opt-out of the Google remarketing program. Please visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the procedure on opting out of the Google remarketing program.
11. Corrections/Updates. You are obligated to update your information and we provide you options at Dotology for changing and modifying information previously provided. Please visit http://dotology.com/my/ for more information.
12. Contact Person. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, our practices, or your dealings with us, you can contact:
Dot Holding, Inc.
3500 N. Causeway Blvd.
Suite 160
Metairie, LA 70002
Phone number: 504-266-0047
Knowledge Base
You've got questions
we've got the answers
Call Us Today
+1.504.266.0047
9am - 5pm (M-F)
Live Chat
Weekday Support: 24 Hr (limited on weekends)
Submit a Ticket
Contact our customer
service team 24/7
× close