http://www.lightspoke.com/privacy.jsp
Overview
Services
Case Studies
Pricing
About
Lightspoke Privacy Policy
1. Information Collection and Use
Lightspoke collects personal information when you register with Lightspoke.
This information is for safety and security.
Lightspoke collects birthdays to add one more layer of verification before sending out a password reminder.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date.
Once you register with Lightspoke and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Lightspoke automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Lightspoke cookie information, and the page you request.
Lightspoke uses information for the following general purposes: improve our services, secure your data and to contact you administratively.
2. WE DO NOT RENT, SELL OR RELEASE YOUR DATA AND REGISTRATION INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.
Unless:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person,
violations of Lightspoke's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Lightspoke is acquired by or merged with another company.
In this event, Lightspoke will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
3. Communications
Lightspoke currently provides users with access to applications on top of a web-based database platform (the "Service").
You also understand and agree that the service may include administrative messages,
password retrieval information and any requested service including but not limited to data backup dumps from Lightspoke.
These communications are necessary in order to use Lightspoke safely, securely and productively.
Hence, they will be part of the Lightspoke membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them.
4. Confidentiality
We limit access to information about you and your databases to employees who we believe reasonably
need to come into contact with that information to support to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that protect personal information about you.
If you have questions or comments, please contact us.