https://www.parascript.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Contact UsParascript, LLC (303) 381-3100 Sales Department (888) 225-0169 International Sales Email Sales Technical Support (888) 772-7478 Send a Message
Contact UsParascript, LLC (303) 381-3100 Sales Department (888) 225-0169 International Sales Email Sales Technical Support (888) 772-7478 Send a MessageRequest a Demo
This Privacy Notice describes how Parascript, LLC, Parascript Management, Inc. and any affiliates and subsidiaries collect (“Parascript”) and use the information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of your personal information and the steps you can take to access this information and to request that we correct or delete it. Parascript is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We respect your privacy, and do not share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute this information to others, except as disclosed in this privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
Parascript collects your personal information in the following cases:
When you submit an inquiry regarding our products and services, visit with our representatives, send us an email, or sign up to receive emails and/or newsletters from Parascript, Parascript may receive your email address, your IP address, as well as your name, company name, contact information and possibly other information about your business and products or services you may wish to provide to us. Any information gathered may be used for the purposes of communicating with you, marketing and selling services and licenses to our products, conducting marketing campaigns, providing customized information to you, for record keeping, to provide better customer service, to fulfill any contractual obligations we may have with you, to analyze website activity and usage, and to enhance and improve our products and services. When you enter into the Parascript Partner Portal, as one of our clients, Parascript receives your user name and password and uses this information for automatic authentication of your account and to provide customer and technical support services under an agreement. This information may also be used to provide single sign-on authorization to related services, such as training and certification or technical support case management as well as for record keeping, to enhance and improve our products and services, and to fulfill contract obligations. The Parascript Partner Portal, training and certification, and case management utilities are hosted by reputable third parties. When you submit a Technical Support case, Parascript receives your name and contact information, your company information, as well as any of personal or third party information you choose to share with us in order to facilitate your support needs. This information is used to provide a resolution, for record keeping, to enhance our products and services, or fulfill any contract obligations. If we agree to provide products or services to you pursuant to an agreement, we may receive your name and contact information, your company information, banking information, as well as any other information you choose to share with us (including third-party information) in order to fulfill any contract obligations or for any purposes for which the data is provided, including any third party personal data you choose share with us. If you apply for a job or submit your resume, we receive this contact and resume information that you wish to provide to us. In addition to the specific purposes listed above, we may also process personal data where such processing is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was sent, for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person.
Usage Log
Parascript’s website uses cookies. Like many websites, ours may collect anonymous and specific usage data about you or your company’s activity at this Website. We may store information about the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, pages visited, operating system, the time, date, and length of your visit, time spent on various pages, how many times a company accessed our website and the time on each page, the referring site, and other statistics. The cookie will not expire, unless you manually delete it or set your browser to reject it. If you do not accept cookies, you may have difficulty navigating our website. We may use data gathered from these cookies determine if you are logged in to our website, to analyze trends, administer and improve the site, analyze which pages and areas of the site being visited, provide features such as marketing, instructional and product support videos, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, and tailor site content to dynamically change and serve information that may be valuable to you, based on your previous browsing history. We may also use cookies as security measures to protect end user accounts and to protect our website. We also use third-party software to gather data you opt to provide on landing pages and may also use this information to provide you with relevant content.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Parascript does not sell, rent, lease or otherwise disclose or distribute your email address or other personally identifiable information to third parties except in cases where:
We have your consent to share the information; It is reasonably necessary to disclose your personal data to a subsidiary, affiliate or parent company for business purposes; It is needed to fulfill contract obligations we have with you or with a third party. This may include items such as providing licenses, customer support, technical support, or development work; It is necessary for us to do so to fulfill the primary purpose(s) for which we collected or received your personal information; For outsourced business functions such as debt collection or professional services; We provide your information to one of our authorized partners for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market, and sell relevant goods and/or services using our products. Each third party’s privacy policy will govern that their use of your personal data; We are required to provide such information by law; as part of a legal process; in response to a written government request; as needed to establish, exercise or defend or to protect legal claims; or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others; or, We find that your actions on our web sites violate any of our usage guidelines and/or rules for specific products or services.
We do not transfer personal data outside of the United States unless one of the exceptions above applies. We do not use personal information to make automated decisions. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that any disclosure is in accordance with this privacy policy and that personal information collected by us is accurate and up-to-date.
Retention of Data
Our website is based on computers located in the United States and we may adhere to US privacy requirements for certain users. If you are a user whose personal data is subject to the GDPR, your data will not be kept for longer than is necessary under GDPR. We may keep your information and use it to provide you with additional information in the future that we deem to be of interest to you. We may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Questions, Accessing and Updating your Personal Information
If you have questions concerning this privacy policy, would like to report an issue, request access to your personal data, request a correction of any data, or request the deletion of your data or the suspension of processing of your data, you may contact privacy@parascript.com or send a request via mail to Parascript, Attn: Privacy, 6273 Monarch Park Place, Longmont, CO 80503. All requests must be in writing, state the name and address of the individual making the request, sufficiently identify the personal information to which access is sought, and specify the form in which the individual wishes the information reasonably be provided. We will need to verify your identity before responding to a request meeting these requirements and we will process it in a commercially reasonable time. We may charge you a reasonable administrative fee to process your request and will advise you of any fee before responding to your request. If your data is provided to us by a third party and you wish to request the suspension of processing or the deletion of your data, it may prevent them or us from performing a contractually obligated service that benefits you and there may be terms governing who responds to your request. You also have a right to complain to your relevant data protection authority. Parascript is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, or currency of any information provided to us by third parties.
Links
Parascript’s website may contain links to other sites. Parascript is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
Parascript takes reasonable precaution to protect your information stored on our servers. Your registration information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Parascript may modify this policy from time to time. Changes will be posted on this web page.
By continuing to use our website you indicate your acceptance of our privacy policy. This Parascript website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please accept the conditions to continue. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.