http://www.crealog.de/en/legal-notice/
About us
About usManagement BoardQuality, Environment & AwardsOur LocationsMilestonesPartnersCreaLog facts you'll love
Professional Services
Blog/News
Support
Career
Open PositionsC++ Software Development EngineerC++ Software Developer TelecommunicationsFrontend Development EngineerSolution Support Engineer
en |de
en |de
Products & Solutions
IMS Network Solutions— Net-centric Recording— Fixed Mobile Unified Voice Services— Conferences— IM-SSF Migration— Emergency Call Routing— RCS, MMS & SMS Messaging— VoiceMail— Network Contact Center— Call-In & TelevoteInteractive Voice Response— VoiceBots & Self Services— One Number Portal
Platform & Technologies
IMS Service Delivery PlatformIMS SIP Application Server (TAS)IMS MRFSession Border ControllerSpeech TechnologiesService Creation Environment
Knowledge Center
Data SheetsWhite PapersIndustry Solutions
Testimonials
Contact
About us
About usManagement BoardQuality, Environment & AwardsOur LocationsMilestonesPartnersCreaLog facts you'll love
Professional Services
Blog/News
Support
Career
Open PositionsC++ Software Development EngineerC++ Software Developer TelecommunicationsFrontend Development EngineerSolution Support Engineer
Footer Menu » Legal Notice
Should it become necessary to change this privacy policy in the future, we will publish it immediately on this page.
1. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The contents of this website are created with utmost care. However, the provider assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the content provided. The use of the contents of the website is at the user's own risk. Contributions marked by name reflect the opinion of the respective author and not always the opinion of the provider. With the pure use of the website of the provider comes no contractual relationship between the user and the provider.
2. EXTERNAL LINKS
This website contains links to third party websites ("external links"). These websites are the responsibility of the respective operators. The provider has checked the third-party content when first linking external links to determine whether any legal violations exist. At that time, no violations were evident. The provider has no influence on the current and future design and content of the linked pages. The setting of external links does not mean that the provider accepts the content behind the reference or link. A constant control of these external links is not reasonable for the provider without concrete references to legal offenses. With knowledge of legal offenses however such external links are deleted immediately.
3. COPYRIGHT AND ANCILLARY COPYRIGHT
The content published on this website is subject to German copyright and ancillary copyright. Any use not permitted by German copyright and ancillary copyright law requires the prior written consent of the provider or respective copyright holder. This applies in particular to duplication, processing, translation, storage, processing or reproduction of content in databases or other electronic media and systems. Contents and rights of third parties are marked as such. The unauthorized duplication or passing on of individual contents or complete sides is not permitted and punishable. Only the production of copies and downloads for personal, private and non-commercial use is permitted.
The presentation of this website in external frames is only permitted with written permission.
4. PRIVACY STATEMENT ACCORDING TO THE GERMAN DSGVO (GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION ("GDPR"))
Name and address of the responsible person The person responsible within the meaning of the basic data protection regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
CreaLog Software-Entwicklung und Beratung GmbH Frankfurter Ring 211 80807 Munich Germany tel: +49 89 324656-0 fax: +49 89 324656-99 e-mail: info @ crealog.com Website: www.crealog.com
Name and address of the data protection officer If you have any questions about these instructions, please send them to:
CreaLog Software-Entwicklung und Beratung GmbH Frankfurter Ring 211 80807 Munich Germany e-mail: datenschutz @ crealog.com
General information about data processing
Extent of processing of personal data In principle, we process personal data of our users only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data of our users takes place regularly only with the consent of the user. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data Insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for processing of personal data, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a EU General Data Protection Regulation (DS-GVO) as legal basis. In the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DS-GMO as legal basis. This also applies to processing operations required to carry out pre-contractual actions. Insofar as processing of personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation that is subject to our company, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c DSGVO as legal basis. If processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not prevail over the first interest, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO as legal basis for processing.
Data erasure and storage duration The personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage is deleted. In addition, such storage may be provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other regulations to which the controller is subject. Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract.
Provision of the website and creation of log files
Description and scope of data processing Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data is collected here:
Information about the browser type and version used
The operating system of the user
The Internet service provider of the user
The IP address of the user
Date and time of access
Websites, from which the system of the user reaches our website (referrer)
Websites that are accessed by the user's system through our website
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DS-GMO.
Purpose of data processing The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to allow delivery of the website to the computer of the user. To do this, the user's IP address must be kept for the duration of the session. Storage in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, we use the data to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems in accordance with § 100 of the Telecommunications Act (TKG) Sentence 1 - Disturbances of telecommunications equipment and misuse of telecommunications services. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context. For these purposes, our legitimate interest lies in the processing of data according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Storage time The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. In the case of storing the data in log files, this is the case after no more than seven days. An additional storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.
Opposition and removal possibility The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. There is consequently no contradiction on the part of the user.
Use of cookies
Description and scope of data processing This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. Our cookies do not contain any personal information, so your privacy is protected. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically.
Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Article 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. The data of the users collected in this way are pseudonymized by technical precautions. Therefore, an assignment of the data to the calling user is no longer possible. The data will not be stored together with other personal data of the users.
Purpose of data processing The use of the analysis cookies is for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its contents. Through the analysis cookies, we learn how the website is used and so we can constantly optimize our offer. For these purposes, our legitimate interest in the processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DS-GMO.
Duration of storage, objection and disposal options You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible.
In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install. The current link is https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Newsletter and Contact forms On our website contact forms and newsletter subscriptions are available, which can be used for electronic contact. If a user realizes this option, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. These might be some or all of the following:
Company
Department
Salutation
First name
Surname
e-mail address
Telephone
Street, house number
Postcode, town
Country
The IP address of the user
Date and time of registration
For the processing of the data in the context of the sending process your consent is obtained and referred to this privacy statement. Alternatively, a simple contact via the provided e-mail address is possible. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored. In this context, there is no disclosure of the data to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation.
Legal basis for data processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in the presence of the consent of the user Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The legal basis for the processing of the data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Article 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. If the e-mail contact aims to conclude a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Purpose of data processing The processing of the personal data from the input mask serves us only to process the contact. In the case of contact via e-mail, this also includes the required legitimate interest in the processing of the data. The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
Duration of storage The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. For the personal data from the input form of the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. The additional personal data collected during the sending process will be deleted at the latest after a period of seven days.
Opposition and removal possibility The user has the possibility at any time to revoke his consent to the processing of the personal data. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he may object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case.
Rights of the person concerned If personal data is processed by you, you are the person concerned within the meaning of the DSGVO and you have the following rights towards the responsible person:
The right of information You may ask the person in charge to confirm if personal data concerning you is processed by us.
If such processing is available, you can request information from the person responsible about the following information:
the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
the categories of personal data that are processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data relating to you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed;
the planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not available, criteria for determining the duration of storage;
the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
all available information on the source of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision-making including profiling under Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and, at least in these cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, and the scope and intended impact of such processing on the data subject.
You have the right to request information about whether your personal information relates to a third country or an international organization. In this connection, you can request the appropriate guarantees in accordance with. Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer.
Right of rectification You have a right to rectification and / or completion to the controller, if the personal data you process is incorrect or incomplete. The responsible person must make the correction without delay.
Right of restriction of processing You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under the following conditions:
if you contest the accuracy of your personal information for a period of time that enables the controller to verify the accuracy of your personal information;
the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of the personal data;
the controller no longer requires personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or
if you objected to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible prevail over your reasons.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data may only be used with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest Union or a Member State.
If the restriction on processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, the person responsible will inform you before the restriction is lifted.
Right to delete
Obligation to delete You may require the controller to delete your personal information without delay, and the controller is required to delete that information immediately if one of the following is true:
Your personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent to the processing pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. DSGVO and there is no other legal basis for processing.
You object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) DSGVO and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing or you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) DSGVO.
Your personal data has been processed unlawfully.
The deletion of personal data concerning you is required to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the controller is subject.
The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 (1) GDPR.
Information to third parties If the person responsible has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to delete them according to Article 17 (1)  GDPR, s/he shall take appropriate measures, also of a technical nature, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, in order to inform the persons responsible for data processing who process the personal data that you as the person concerned have requested them to delete all links to this personal data or copies or replications of this personal data.
Exceptions The right to erasure does not exist if the processing is necessary
to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
to fulfill a legal obligation required by the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject, or to carry out a task of public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. h and i and Art. 9 (3) GDPR;
for archival purposes of public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes acc. Article 89 (1) GDPR, to the extent that the law referred to in subparagraph (a) is likely to render impossible or seriously affect the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right of information If you have the right of rectification, erasure or restriction of processing to the controller, he / she is obliged to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless: this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have a right to the person responsible to be informed about these recipients.
Right of data portability You have the right to receive personally identifiable information you provide to the controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transfer this data to another person without hindrance by the person responsible for providing the personal data, provided that
the processing on a consent acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a DSGVO or on a contract acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO is based and
the processing is done using automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to obtain that your personal data relating to you are transmitted directly from one person to another, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons may not be affected.
The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the controller.
Right of objection You have the right at any time, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, against the processing of your personal data, which pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. e or f DSGVO takes an objection; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless he can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, exercising or defending legal claims. If the personal data relating to you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes. Regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, you have the option, in the context of the use of information society services, of exercising your right to object through automated procedures that use technical specifications.
Right to revoke the data protection consent declaration You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
Automated decision on an individual basis including profiling You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - that will have legal effect or similarly affect you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision
is required for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the controller,
is permissible on the basis of Union or Member State legislation to which the controller is subject, and that legislation contains adequate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests, or
with your express consent.
However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data under Art. 9 (1) GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) lit. a or g DSGVO applies and reasonable measures have been taken to protect the rights and freedoms as well as your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the person responsible shall take appropriate measures to uphold the rights and freedoms and their legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person by the controller, to express his / her own position and heard on challenge of the decision.
Right to complain to a supervisory authority Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of its residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates the DSGVO.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 of the GDPR.
Newsletter-Tracking The site logs clicks on links in our newsletters. However, these are not counted personally comprehensible but only stored aggregated. A justification standard for data processing can be found in Art. 6 para. 1 lit. to be found in the DSGVO.
The quality management system operated by CreaLog, has been certified according to ISO 9001:2015 (Reg. No. 1210017937 TMS) for Sales, Development and Operation of Telecommunication and Voice Automatization Solutions.
An Environmental Management System according to ISO 14001:2015 is included.
Please download our ISO Certificate for reference.
General requests
+49 89 324656-0
Service Hotline (24/7)
+49 89 324656-10
Please make sure you have your credentials at hand.
Click here to subscribe to our quarterly newsletter!
Subscribe
Address
CreaLog Frankfurter Ring 211 80807 Munich Germany
Please use our Google Maps Entry  for localization. Park comfortably behind our building on the customer parking lots marked with CreaLog.
Thomas Simoneit+49 89 324656-14thomas.simoneit@crealog.com