http://www.tonsoftoner.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The intent of this policy is to disclose our privacy practices,
PRIVACY.jpg
whether you're a casual browser or a returning customer.
This Privacy Statement applies to the handling of your Personal Information in connection with all sales andservices offered by "Tons of Toner".
TONS-OF-TONER.COM protects the security & privacy of your personal and account information and adheres toall confidentiality standards designed to protect your information. We will not distribute or sell your personal oraccount information to any outside sources. When browsing our catalog, none of your account or personalinformation is retrieved from our system. To place an order through TONS-OF-TONER.COM, you are required toprovide your account information and create a password. This password should never be shared with anyone.If you have any questions regarding your account information, please feel free to contact us.
Casual Website Browsers.Tons of Toner does not collect personally identifying information from visitors to our website unless the visitor hasvolunteered us information such as when placing an order, registering, or requesting info..
Information Security.Tons of Toner maintains reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information. When youenter Personal Information that contains a credit or debit card number at the designated and secured sections of ourwebsite, the site encrypts or encodes the information when sending it over the Internet. Personal Information that wecollect and maintain is subject to physical, administrative, & technical controls that are consistent with recognizedindustry standards. All information is processed on our servers in the United States.
Information We Collect.This applies to Personal Information, which is information we collect from you and other third parties that specificallyidentifies you as an individual.  We may collect your Personal Information when you:
Call or place an order from our catalog or on TONSofTONER.com or another LaserGrafix site.
Create an account on TONSofTONER.com / LaserGrafix web site
Make a purchase at our physical location
Return an item, make an exchange or submit a rebate
Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service
The personal Information that we collect from you when you make a purchase may include:
Name, Address, Telephone or Fax number
Email address
Transaction information
Credit card, debit card or checking account information
How We Use The Information We Collect.We strive to make your shopping experience simple and convenient, from your initial search for products to thedelivery of your items. The information we collect allows us to:
Customize your shopping experience and your preferences
Confirm, process, fulfill, and track your orders
Respond to your inquiries or requests
Inform you of special offers or featured items
Send you a catalog or promotional offer we believe will be of interest to you
Send you email or postal mail
Inform you of recalls or other information on products you have purchased
Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk
Improve our merchandise selection, web site, and customer service
Comply with applicable legal demands, laws and regulations
Does The Tons of Toner Site Use Cookies?A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser providesto the website each time the visitor returns. the Tons of Toner website may use both session ID cookies (which expirewhen you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your computer for an extended period of time)to help Tons of Toner identify and track visitors, their usage of the Tons of Toner website, and their website accesspreferences, and to deliver content specific to a visitor's interests. Website visitors who do not wish to have cookiesplaced on their computers by Tons of Toner should set their browsers to refuse cookies before linking to our website.For information on configuring your browser to decline cookies, check your browser's "help" feature. Certain features ofthe Tons of Toner' website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes.From time to time, we may make changes to our information practices and/or this privacy policy. In such a case, we willupdate this policy accordingly, so please review this page periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How Can You Contact Us?If you have any questions about this statement or our privacy practices, you may call usat 877-844-8400 or contact us via email at corporate@tonsoftoner.com