http://www.pepesearch.com/corp/privacy/
PepeSearch  -  PepeDirectory  -  PepeShopping  -  PepeGames  -  PepeSoftware
PepeSearch: Pep Up Your Life
Sections
Corporate home
Advertising
Press releases
Privacy policy
Corporate: Privacy policy
Information Collection and Use
PepeSearch is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
PepeSearch collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
This site, PepeSearch, uses the services of Engage for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do this, Engage collects anonymous data through the use of cookies. To learn more about Engage, including your ability to opt out of the Engage system, go to http://www.engage.com/privacy.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that PepeSearch is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Contact information collected will not be sold or given to any third party, but may be used by PepeSearch to send out promotional mailings.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address.
PepeSearch will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
PepeSearch stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. Contact information is collected by our Tell-A-Friend service provider and is used to notify any prize winners.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to privacy@pepesearch.com.
Special Offers
Customers in our database will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter from PepeSearch. We will not give, rent or sell any customer data to any third party. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send users site and service announcement updates. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.
This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at info@pepesearch.com.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.
For example, our survey/giveaway forms all have an 'opt-out' mechanism so users who don't want any marketing material, can keep their email and postal address off of our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us may opt-out of receiving these communications at any time by following the instructions in our email newsletter, or by emailing us at info@pepesearch.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
PepeSearch  -  PepeSearch UK
PepeSearch: http://www.pepesearch.comAll trademarks are those of their respective owners.© 1998-2002 PepeSearch. All rights reserved.