http://www.epic.org/privacy/telemarketing/fcc_aca_05-11-06.html
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554
In the Matter of
ACA International Petition for Expedited Clarification
Docket No. 02-278
COMMENTS OF THE ELECTRONIC PRIVACY INFORMATION CENTER
May 11, 2006 - The Electronic Privacy Information Center is pleased to submit
comments to the Federal Communication Commission on ACA’s International
(ACA) Petition.
The Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) is a public interest research
center in Washington, D.C. It was established in 1994 to focus public attention
on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the First Amendment,
and constitutional values. EPIC has filed a number of comments to the FCC on
matters of concern to consumers and as an advocate for consumer privacy protection.
In January of this year we filed comments for a declaratory ruling filed by
the Fax Ban Coalition that encouraged the FCC to reject an attempt by a petitioner
to preempt California and other states superior protection against junk faxes.
In April 2004, in a matter that was before the Commission on unwanted mobile
service commercial messages and the CAN-SPAM Act our comments stated that Congress
in its wisdom did shield wireless devices from automatic dialers, prerecorded
and artificial voice communications.
Background
On December 20, 1991 the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (TCPA) became
Public Law 102-243. The TCPA prohibits any person within the United States
or internationally from using an automatic telephone dialing system (ATDS)
or an artificial or prerecorded voice (APV) to make a call. Further, the law
stated that any telephone number assigned to a paging service, cellular telephone
service, specialized mobile radio service, or radio common carrier service
or any other service for which the called party is charged for the call; or
initiating any call to a residential telephone line using an APV to deliver
a message without the consent of the called party was prohibited.
Their users consider wireless communications devices highly personal. Millions
of individuals carry wireless devices everywhere they go. In part, the success
of wireless devices and users' trust in them can be attributed to their status
as a safe haven from telemarketing. Individuals trust that when their wireless
phone rings, a friend or family member will be on the line, rather than a telemarketer.
This trust in wireless service was created by Congressional action. In 1991,
Congress passed the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, which created protections
both for residential and wireless phone services.i Specifically,
Congress flatly prohibited the use of autodialed, prerecorded voice, and artificial
voice telemarketing
to paging services, cellular telephone services, or any service for which the
called party is charged for the call.ii Other services found to
deserve the same level of privacy protection included emergency "911" lines
and hospital rooms.iii As a result of Congress' action, generally,
wireless telephones do not
receive telemarketing calls.
The Petitioner
The ACA founded in 1939, is an industry lobby comprised of more than 5,500
members worldwide, including third-party collection agencies, asset buyers,
attorneys, creditors and vendor affiliates. The ACA asks the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC or Commission) to exempt debt collectors from cell phone privacy
rules adopted under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA).iv
I. In Passing the TCPA, Congress Clearly Demonstrated an Intent to Bar ATDS
Congress was explicit in the language of this law--Section 227 (b) Restrictions
on the Use of Automated Telephone expressly prohibits the use of ATDS from
making any calls to “to any telephone number assigned to a paging service
cellular telephone service, specialized mobile radio service, or other radio
common carrier service, or any service for which the called party is charged
for the call.”
The language of the law leaves no doubt about Congressional intent—to
address the growing privacy threat to consumers posed by the automation of
telecommunication technology and specifically to address the growing problem
of ATDS. The total capacity for generating calls in 1991 was estimated to be
more than 18,000,000 households each day. Consumers reacted to the growing
invasion of their privacy and Congress acted by passing this law.
The Telephone Consumer Protection Act directed the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC)v to prescribe regulations to implement such requirements.
Directs the FCC to: (1) initiate a rulemaking proceeding concerning the need
to protect
residential telephone subscribers' privacy rights to avoid receiving telephone
solicitations to which they object; and (2) prescribe regulations to implement
methods and procedures for protecting such privacy rights without the imposition
of any additional charge to telephone subscribers. States that such regulations
may require the establishment and operation of a single national database to
compile a list of telephone numbers of residential subscribers who object to
receiving such solicitations, or to receiving certain classes or categories
of solicitations, and to make the compiled list available for purchase. Outlines
information to be included in such regulations if the FCC determines that such
a database is required. The Do-Not Call Registry is the result of the work
done by Congress beginning in 1991 to protect consumers from the foreseeable
conclusion of the joining of computing and telecommunications technologies.
. However, it was not until January 22, 2002 that the Federal Trade Commission
(FTC) solicited comments for the creation of the first national Do-Not Call
registry.vii
Part of the work of the FTC in managing the Do-Not Call registry is to work
with the FCC in your enforcement activities.viii This registry is
by far the single greatest indicator of the desire of the American public to
be
free of unwanted
telephone solicitations. During FY 2003 and FY 2004 over 64 million numbers
were registered, and the data shows good compliance records by telemarketers.
Congress also spoke on the use of APV messaging by directing the FCC to prescribe
technical and procedural standards for these systems transmitting APV messages
via telephone that require: (1) the messages to clearly state the identity
and telephone number or address of the entity initiating the call; and (2)
such systems to automatically release the called party's line within five seconds
of the time the party has hung up.
Provides that if the FCC requires the establishment of a database of telephone
numbers of subscribers who object to receiving telephone solicitations, a State
or local authority may not require the use of a database or listing system
that excludes the part of the national database that relates to such State. II.
The Reality of Identity Theft is a Further Challenge that the Commission Must
Consider When Debt Collectors Seek Exceptions to the Law
In 2002, identity fraud is estimated to have cost $53 billion and over 297
million hours for nearly 10 million victims of identity theft.ix The
argument posed by the ACA that they only seek to collect outstanding debt must
be weighted
against the reality of identity theft. Identity theft in the form of credit
card fraud, new account fraud, identity cloning, or criminal identity theft;
most often only involves three persons the victim, the imposter, and the creditor.x
In a survey of more than 4,000 Americans, the Federal Trade Commission found
that identity theft cost victims $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses, and
nearly 300 million hours of their time trying to fix damage caused by the crime.
The FTC survey showed that in all, 27.3 million Americans were affected by
identity theft in the previous five years. The cost to businesses for this
same period is estimated to have been $47.6 billion.
The FTC found that 49 percent of all the 4057 respondents did not have any
idea whatsoever how their identity came to be purloined, while 22 percent cited
theft and another 12 percent claimed the information was stolen in the course
of a transaction.
The welcome mat is out from thieves to gain access to valuable personally identifiable
information of consumers. Personal information can be stolen from a company,
for instance, from a corrupt employee. Personal information is often thrown
away by careless businesses. Impostors then dig through the trash and find
the information. A data broker could sell information to criminals, as was
the case with ChoicePoint. Many key identifiers used in credit granting can
be found in public records. Friends, roommates, and family members can access
information for the purpose of identity theft.
EPIC along with other consumer privacy enhancing institutions have long advocated
that the door be closed and locked against access to personal information.
We believe that the credit lenders who use a flawed, circular system to identify
and authenticate individuals should take the full cost of identity theft.xi Unfortunately,
the core problem in identity theft is that a business cannot discern the difference
between the impostor and the victim using the faulty means of authenticating
borrowers. This problem has its roots in the credit granting process--the same
information that is used to identify the credit applicant is used to "authenticate" her.
Identification is the process of placing a label on an individual ("I
am John Doe"). Authentication is the process of verifying the label. That
is, proving that one is who she claims to be ("This document proves that
I am John Doe"). Many different things can be used for authentication.
For instance, a password can be used to verify that one is authorized to use
a computer account. Tokens are also used for identification. For instance,
a bus token can prove that one has authority to ride the bus.
But creditors don't use sound authentication methods. They use your personal
information as a password—the same personal information you use to identify
yourself.
Should the Commission grant the petition in this case the time and cost to
consumers may increase exponentially. It is our conclusion that the Commission
properly interpreted Congress' intent in its rule that bars the use of ATDS
and APV technology as a means of sending communications to all telecommunication
devices.
III. "Express Prior Authorization" Should Be in Writing
In the course of permissible communications as dictated by the TCPA creditors
should be directed to obtain express prior authorization from customers in
writing, recipients will face an extremely difficult hurdle in enforcing these
regulations. It has been our experience from communication with junk fax litigants
that junk fax broadcasters frequently claim that the recipient opted in to
the transmission. At that point, the individual is forced to prove a negative
that consent had not been given at any time in the past. This is often an impossible
challenge for litigants. Any number of thousands of transactions could have
included language creating an existing business relationship or some consent
to receiving the messages. A previous holder of the telephone number could
have consented. Or the individual's family members may have consented. The
Commission should not place consumers in the same situation when attempting
to enforce their rights against senders of aggressive debt collection tactics.
Affirmative consent should be in writing. That will shield legitimate communications
from frivolous litigation and will assist individuals when their rights have
been violated
IV. There Should Be No Exemption for Providers of Commercial Mobile Services
Polling in the area of privacy shows that people want less, not more, spam.xii
It
makes little difference if the sender is a legitimate company, an illegitimate
company, or even a company with which individuals regularly transact.
If the Commission chooses to create an exemption for commercial mobile services
providers, the burden will be upon individuals to opt out. Again, opt-in is
a more efficient solution for individuals, because telephone carriers have
so poorly implemented opt-out mechanisms that it appears as though they are
attempting to frustrate individuals' choices.
For example, Verizon may have the worst opt-out implementation that EPIC has
ever encountered. In order to opt-out of CPNI sharing from Verizon, one must
first notice the privacy notice that appears on the last page of customers'
statements. The policy never mentions the word "privacy," and instead
is titled "Customer Proprietary Network Information - Special Notice." Additionally,
the opt-out policy never specifies that "Customer Proprietary Network
Information" refers to calling records-a detailed list of every call an
individual makes. This notice is vague and does not adequately inform consumers
of the nature of the information collected or the significance of failing to
opt-out.
Furthermore, Verizon customers who have attempted to opt-out have encountered
a cumbersome and confusing process. Individuals must provide their phone number,
their account number, the name on the account, their address, and speak the
name of the "authorized" person to make decisions on the account.
This process places an unreasonable burden on consumers who simply wish to
protect their privacy. Further, the script used by Verizon to guide consumers
through the opt-out process employs language that discourages individuals from
exercising their rights. For instance, when a consumer chooses to opt-out,
the script responds, "You are requesting to establish a restriction on
your account"--a characterization that misleads customers about the ramifications
of their decision.
We ask that the Commission reject the petition in light of the language of
the authorizing statue and the need to protect consumers from unwanted and
invasive communications.
Respectfully submitted,
Lillie Coney
Associate Director
Electronic Privacy Information Center ____________________ [i] Public Law 102-243, 47 U.S.C. § 227. [ii] Rules and Regulations Implementing the Telephone Consumer Protection
Act of 1991, 69 Fed. Reg. 16873 (Mar. 31, 2004). [iii] Id. at (b)(1)-(2). [iv] Hundreds of ACA’s member companies have filed comments with the
FCC supporting the Petition. Member comments are largely repetitious and do
not
outweigh the underrepresented consumer perspective.
[v] Library of Congress Summary of S. 1462 the Telephone Consumer Protection
Act of 1991
[vi] Do-Not Call Registry, see: https://www.donotcall.gov/default.aspx
[vii] EPIC’s Do-Not Call Registry Status Page, see: http://www.epic.org/privacy/telemarketing/dnc/
[viii] FCC Report to Congress for FY 2003 and 2004: Pursuant to the Do Not
Call Implementation Act on Implementation of the National Do Not Call Registry
[ix] Congressional Quarterly, Identity Theft: Can Congress Give Americans Better
Protection, June 10, 2005.
[x] See, EPIC’s Identity Theft Web Page, http://www.epic.org/privacy/idtheft/
[xi] il
[xii] FTC, Email Address Harvesting: How Spammers Reap What They Sow (November
2002) at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/alerts/spamalrt.htm