http://www.superkids.com/aweb/pages/privacy.shtml
software
reviews
bestseller list
price survey
what's new
product support
search
educational tools
math worksheets
vocabulary builders
hangman
checkers, etc.
feature articles
marketplace
reading corner
movie corner
SuperKids
about SuperKids
advertise!
humor
links
help
home > > >
privacy policy
SuperKids Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy is simple: we do not collect or sell our visitors' personal information.
Specifically, SuperKids does not collect or store, nor buy or sell personal information that identifies or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Exceptions:
IP addresses may be captured in server logs and retained to help identify and fix website errors, and to detect and address security incidents. This information is for internal use only.
Newsletter.  If you have signed up for SuperKids' newsletter, your email address is stored and used for this purpose only.  This information is not shared with 3rd parties. You can unsubscribe at any time by using the form here -- https://www.superkids.com/unsubscribe.shtml
Children's Privacy
Under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, no web site operator is permitted to require a child under the age of 13 to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation. SuperKids abides by this requirement.
Cookies
A cookie is a small message that may be written to your hard drive by some Web servers. Your
browser stores the message in a text file called cookie.txt. The message is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. The main purpose of cookies is to identify users and possibly prepare customized Web pages for them.
Some users fear that the use of cookies may compromise their privacy.
SuperKids does not use any cookies to track or identify visitors to our site.
Cookies appear in only two places on SuperKids:
Advertisers.
Some advertisers on SuperKids use cookies to limit the number of times they show a particular ad banner to each computer.
These cookies are associated with the ad banners only, and are never transmitted back to SuperKids.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve some of the ads you see when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Several of the Logic Games on SuperKids' site use cookies to keep track of where a user is in a game.
For example, in the Hangman Game for The United States, the page uses cookies to keep track of which games and letters have been played, to avoid premature repetition.
No user information is transmitted back to SuperKids.
Surveys
SuperKids occasionally conducts user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with advertisers and partners. We never share any information about specific individuals with any third party.
Questions?
Please email us if you have any questions about our privacy policy, at: Privacy Question
back to top of page
Questions or comments regarding this site?
webmaster@superkids.com
Copyright © 1998-2020 Knowledge Share LLC.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy