http://www.550access.com/privacypolicy.asp
My 550Access
Webmail
About
Us
Contact
Us
Home
WHERE
YOU ARE? :: HOME
COMPANY
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy
Policy
Introduction
Important
Security
Network Performance
Internet Relay Chat
Evidence of the alleged violation
REVISIONS TO THIS ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
Safeguarding
your members personal privacy is one our most important
goals. This document is updated from time to time as our
programs and services change. However, the principles
supporting this document will not change, nor will our
firm commitment to protecting the privacy of your members.
Please give us your feedback at privacy@550Access.com.
We do not read your members private online communications.
550Access respects the confidentiality of your members
private communications in private chat rooms, e-mail (including
downloads), instant message conversations, telephone calls
and messages, as well as any profile data that they may
create, such as stock portfolio, About Me and My Bank
information. 550Access does not read or disclose private
communications except to comply with valid legal process
such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order, to
protect the company’s rights and property, or during
emergencies when we believe physical safety is at risk.
Of course, what they write or post in public or member
chat rooms and message boards is available not only to
550Access, but to all members.
We collect personal information only through fair and
lawful means and only with the knowledge and consent of
the member. We do not use any information about where
your members personally go on 550Access, or the Web, and
we do not give that information out to others.
The 550Access system automatically gathers information
about the areas that your members visit on the service.
We do not use any of this navigational data about where
they - as individual members - go on the service. Nor
do we share any of this data with outside companies.
550Access does use navigational information in the aggregate
to understand how your members as a group use the service
so that we can make the service better. We may also share
this statistical information with our partners or other
outside companies, but in doing so, we do not disclose
individual names or personal navigational information.
550Access does not keep track of where members go on the
World Wide Web.
We do not give out our member’s telephone number,
credit card information or screen names, unless a member
authorizes us to do so. And we give members the opportunity
to correct their personal contact and billing information
at any time.
Exceptions: 550Access will release specific information
on member’s accounts only to comply with valid legal
process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order,
or in special cases such as physical threat to them or
others. We take extra steps to protect the safety and
privacy of children. We use secure technology, privacy
protection controls and restrictions on employee access
in order to safeguard your members personal information.
We will keep your members informed, clearly and prominently,
about what we do with your personal information, and we
advise all parties if we change policy.
(ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY)
Introduction
550Access's (550Access) Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP")
is provided to give our customers and users a clear
understanding of what 550Access expects of them while
using the service. All users of 550Access's Internet
services: those who access some of our Services but
do not have accounts, as well as those who pay a service
fee to subscribe to the Services, must comply with this
AUP. Use of 550Access Service constitutes acceptance
and agreement to 550Access's AUP as well as 550Access's
Terms and Conditions.
We support the uncensored flow of information and ideas
over the Internet and do not actively monitor subscriber
activity under normal circumstances. Similarly, we do
not exercise editorial control over the content of any
web site, e-mail transmission, newsgroups, or other
material created or accessible over or through the services,
except for certain proprietary Web sites. However, in
accordance with our Terms & Conditions, we may remove
any materials that, in our sole discretion, may be illegal,
may subject us to liability, or which may violate this
AUP. 550Access may cooperate with legal authorities
and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected
or alleged crime or civil wrongdoing. Your violation
of this AUP may result in the suspension or immediate
termination of either your 550Access account or other
actions as detailed in Section 3. This AUP should be
read in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions
and other policies.
This document is intended to provide a basic understand
of 550Access's Acceptable Use Policy. The following
are guidelines for the establishment and enforcement
of 550Access's AUP:
Ensure reliable service to our customers
Ensure security and privacy of our systems and network,
as well as the networks and systems of others
Comply with existing laws
Maintain our reputation as a responsible service provider
Encourage responsible use of the Internet and discourage
activities which reduce the usability and value of Internet
services
Preserve the value of Internet resources as a conduit
for free expression and exchange of information
Preserve the privacy and security of individual users
550Access intends to provide its customers access to
everything the Internet has to offer. While 550Access
is firmly committed to the principles of free speech,
certain activities are damaging to the resources of
both 550Access and the Internet and cannot be permitted
under the guise of free speech. The resources of 550Access
and the Internet are limited, and abuse of these resources
by one user has a negative impact on the entire community.
We do not routinely monitor the activity of accounts
except for measurements of system utilization and the
preparation of billing records. However, in our efforts
to promote good citizenship within the Internet community,
we will respond appropriately if we become aware of
inappropriate use of our service.
If a 550Access account is used to violate the Acceptable
Use Policy, we reserve the right to terminate your service
without notice. We prefer to advise customers of inappropriate
behavior and any necessary corrective action. However,
flagrant violations of the Acceptable Use Policy will
result in immediate termination of service. Our failure
to enforce this policy, for whatever reason, shall not
be construed as a waiver of our right to do so at any
time.
As a member of our network community, you must use
your Internet access responsibly. If you have any questions
regarding this policy, please contact us at abuse@550Access.com.
VIOLATIONS OF 550Access ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
The following constitute violations of this AUP:
550Access limits usage to 150 hrs per month.
It is the user’s responsibility to contact and
resolve all billing issue with 550Access, before disputing
any charges.
All cancellations must be made before the billing date.
It is the user’s responsibility to cancel by logging
in.
Important:
‘Unlimited Access’ means unlimited number
of times a user can connect. It does not mean a user
can stay on for 24 hours a day seven days a week. This
account is intended for normal use only. 550Access uses
automated software to monitor usage patterns, number
of times user has been disconnected due to inactivity,
number of times user reconnects and the number of hours
the user has used. Based on this the software may determine
that the usage is excessive and abnormal, which will
then deactivate your account. By using this policy the
company is able to limit busy signals and limit abuse.
Illegal use. Use of the 550Access service to transmit
any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise)
that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any
applicable local, state, national, or international
law, or any rules or regulations promulgated there under.
Harm to minors. Use of the 550Access service to harm,
or attempt to harm, minors in any way, including, but
not limited to child pornography.
Threats. Use of the 550Access service to transmit any
material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise)
that threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction
of property.
Harassment. Use of the 550Access service to transmit
any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise)
that harasses another.
Fraudulent activity. Use of 550Access service to make
fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or
services, or to advance any type of financial scam such
as "pyramid schemes," "ponzi schemes,"
and "chain letters."
Forgery or impersonation. Adding, removing or modifying
identifying network header information in an effort
to deceive or mislead is prohibited. Attempting to impersonate
any person by using forged headers or other identifying
information is prohibited. The use of anonymous re-mailers
or nicknames does not constitute impersonation.
Unsolicited commercial e-mail/unsolicited bulk e-mail
Use of the 550Access service to transmit any unsolicited
commercial or unsolicited bulk e-mail is expressly prohibited.
Violations of this type will result in the immediate
termination of the offending 550Access account.
E-mail/News Bombing: Malicious intent to impede another
person's use of electronic mail services or new media
will result in the immediate termination of the offending
550Access account.
E-mail / Message Forging: Forging any message header,
in part or whole, of any electronic transmission, originating
or passing through the 550Access service is in violation
of this AUP.
Usenet Spamming: 550Access, Inc. has a zero tolerance
policy for the use of its network for the posting of
messages or commercial advertisements which violate
the rules, regulations, FAQ or charter of any newsgroups
or mailing list. Commercial messages that are appropriate
under the rules of a newsgroups or mailing list or that
are solicited by the recipients are permitted.
Unauthorized access. Use of the 550Access service to
access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others,
or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures
of 550Access's or another entity's computer software
or hardware, electronic communications system, or telecommunications
system, whether or not the intrusion results in the
corruption or loss of data, is expressly prohibited
and the offending 550Access account is subject to immediate
termination.
Copyright or trademark infringement. Use of the 550Access
service to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading,
posting or otherwise) that infringes any copyright,
trademark, patent, trade secret or other proprietary
rights of any third party, including, but not limited
to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material,
the digitization and distribution of photographs from
magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and
the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software.
Collection of personal data. Use of the 550Access service
to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information
about third parties without their knowledge or consent.
Reselling the services. Reselling of 550Access service
without our express written authorization is prohibited.
Network disruptions and unfriendly activity. Use of
the 550Access service for any activity which affects
the ability of other people or systems to use 550Access
Services or the Internet. This includes "denial
of service" (DOS) attacks against another network
host or individual user. Interference with or disruption
of other network users, services or equipment is prohibited.
It is the Member's responsibility to ensure that their
network is configured in a secure manner. A Subscriber
may not, through action or inaction, allow others to
use their network for illegal or inappropriate actions.
A Subscriber may not permit their network, through action
or inaction, to be configured in such a way that gives
a third party the capability to use their network in
an illegal or inappropriate manner. Unauthorized entry
and/or use of another company and/or individual's computer
system will result in immediate account termination.
550Access will not tolerate any subscriber attempting
to access the accounts of others, or penetrate security
measures of other systems, whether or not the intrusion
results in corruption or loss of data.
Long Connections and Multiple Logins. Using a personal
account for high volume or commercial use is prohibited.
The Services are intended for periodic, active use of
e-mail, newsgroups, file transfers, Internet chat, games,
and browsing the World Wide Web. Members may stay connected
so long as they are actively using that connection for
the above purposes. Members may not use the Services
on a standby or inactive basis in order to maintain
a connection. Accordingly, 550Access maintains the right
to terminate any member's connection following any extended
period of inactivity as determined by 550Access. A single
account is intended for one individual to access the
Internet. Multiple logins under the same user ID are
not allowed.
Fraud: Involves a knowing misrepresentation or misleading
statement, writing or activity made with the intent
that the person receiving it will act upon it.
Infringement of Copyright, Patent, Trademark, Trade
Secret, or Intellectual Property Right: Distribution
and/or posting of copyrighted or the aforementioned
infringements will not be tolerated.
Distribution of Viruses: Intentional distributions
of software that attempts to and/or causes damage, harassment,
or annoyance to persons, data, and/or computer systems
are prohibited. Such an offense will result in the immediate
termination of the offending account.
Inappropriate Use of Software: Use of software or any
device that would facilitate a continued connection,
i.e. pinging, while using 550Access services could result
in suspension service.
Third Party Accountability: 550Access subscribers will
be held responsible and accountable for any activity
by third parties, using their account, that violates
guidelines created within the Acceptable Use Policy.
Security
You are responsible for any misuse of your account,
even if the inappropriate activity was committed by
a friend, family member, guest or employee. Therefore,
you must take steps to ensure that others do not gain
unauthorized access to your account. In addition, you
may not use your account to breach security of another
account or attempt to gain unauthorized access to another
network or server.
Your password provides access to your account. It is
your responsibility to keep your password secure.
Sharing your password and account access with unauthorized
users is prohibited. You should take care to prevent
others from using your account since you will be held
responsible for such use.
Attempting to obtain another user's account password
is strictly prohibited, and may result in termination
of service.
You must adopt adequate security measures to prevent
or minimize unauthorized use of your account.
You may not attempt to circumvent user authentication
or security of any host, network or account. This includes,
but is not limited to, accessing data not intended for
you, logging into or making use of a server or account
you are not expressly authorized to access, or probing
the security of other networks. Use or distribution
of tools designed for compromising security is prohibited.
Examples of these tools include, but are not limited
to, password, guessing programs, cracking tools or network
probing tools.
You may not attempt to interfere with service to any
user, host or network ("denial of service attacks").
This includes, but is not limited to, "flooding"
of networks, deliberate attempts to overload a service,
and attempts to "crash" a host.
Users who violate systems or network security may incur
criminal or civil liability. 550Access will cooperate
fully with investigations of violations of systems or
network security at other sites, including cooperating
with law enforcement authorities in the investigation
of suspected criminal violations.
Network Performance
550Access accounts operate on shared resources. Excessive
use or abuse of these shared network resources by one
customer may have a negative impact on all other customers.
Misuse of network resources in a manner which impairs
network performance is prohibited by this policy and
may result in termination of your account.
You are prohibited from excessive consumption of resources,
including CPU time, memory, disk space and session time.
You may not use resource-intensive programs which negatively
impact other customers or the performances of 550Access
systems or networks. 550Access reserves the right to
terminate or limit such activities.
You may not establish more than one connection to our
network from your account at any one time.
You may not provide network services from your account
(for example, you may not use your account to operate
an ftp or a web server), unless your account type specifically
provides for it.
Each customer account will be provided 10 MB of disk
storage for each e-mail box. Messages left on 550Access's
mail servers for more than thirty days (30 days) are
subject to immediate deletion read or unread. Total
mailbox storage is limited to 10MB per mailbox without
regard to the age of the messages in the mailbox. Once
the 10 MB limit is exceeded, any incoming messages will
be returned to the sender until the subscriber reduces
mailbox size by removing mail from the server.
You may not employ automated electronic or mechanical
processes designed to defeat network inactivity time-outs.
Such tools include, but are not limited to, use of an
auto-dialer and repetitive pinging of a host.
Internet Relay Chat
Although 550Access does not offer technical support
for Internet Relay Chat (IRC), you may use your account
to connect to IRC servers and networks maintained by
550Access or third parties. Please remember that you
are a guest when you make use of these facilities. It
is particularly important that you do not engage in
activities which might interfere with other customers'
access to IRC.
You may not use IRC scripts or programs that interfere
with or deny service to other users on any other server,
host, network or channel.
You may not engage in activities which harass other
users. This includes, but is not limited to, "flooding"
(rapidly entering text with the intent to disrupt service),
"flashing" (disrupting terminal emulation),
"takeovers" (improper seizure and abuse of
operator privileges), attempting to send private messages
to those who do not wish to receive them, attempting
to return to a channel after being banned from it, and
other disruptive behaviors.
You may not attempt to impersonate other users. The
use of nicknames does not constitute impersonation.
You may not run "clones" (multiple simultaneous
IRC connections).
REPORTING VIOLATIONS OF 550Access AUP
550Access requests that anyone who believes that there
is a violation of this AUP direct the information to
the Abuse Department at abuse@550Access.com.
If available, please provide the following information:
The IP address used to commit the alleged violation
The date and time of the alleged violation, including
the time zone or offset from GMT
Evidence of the alleged violation
E-mail with full header information provides all of
the above, as do system log files. Other situations
will require different methods of providing the above
information. 550Access may take any one or more of the
following actions in response to complaints:
Issue written or verbal warnings
Suspend the Member's newsgroups posting privileges
Suspend the Member's account
Terminated the Member's account
Bill the Member for administrative costs and/or reactivation
charges
Bring legal action to enjoin violations and/or to collect
damages, if any, cause by violations
REVISIONS TO THIS ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
550Access reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify
this AUP, our Terms and Conditions and our other policies
and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice
of any revision, amendment, or modification will be
posted in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Copyright 2001 550Access
Site Map|
Make 550access.com your home page |
Add 550Access.com to your favorites
Copyright © 2003 www.550Access.com.
All Rights Reserved.
User
Software
Support
Business
Partnerships
Company
Info.
Webmail | Take
a tour |
Getting Started |
Sign Up | Order
A CD |
Plans & Prices | High
Speed Dial Up | Referrals
| Support
| Downloads
|
General
FAQ's
Toolbar
|
Toolbar 3.0 |
Deskbar
| Browser
|
Dialer |
Automatic configuration
Access
Numbers | Settingup
Connection | Common
Errors/Issues
Business
Dialup | Affiliate
| Advertising
About
Us
| Contact Us | Press
Room |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Employment
|
Link Resourcescheap oakley sunglasses
fake oakleys
cheap oakleys
oakley frogskins
oakley glasses
oakley prescription glasses
oakley sunglasses cheap
oakley eyeglasses
oakley outlet
oakley store
oakley sunglasses outlet
michael kors shoes
michael kors wallet
michael kors clutches
michael kors outlet
michael kors bags
michael kors handbags
michael kors outlet
michael kors wallets
michael kors satchels
michael kors bags
michael kors handbags
michael kors shoes
cheap oakley sunglasses
cheap oakley sunglasses
replica oakley sunglasses
fake oakleys
wholesale oakley sunglasses
fake oakleys
michael kors shoes
nike air max 2013
nike air max 95
nike air max 90
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2013
nike air max 95
nike air max 90
nike air max 2014
nike air max 95
nike air max 2013
nike air max 90
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2013
nike air max 2012
nike air max 90
nike air max 95
air max 2014
air max 2013
air max 2012
air max 90
air max 95
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2013
nike air max 2012
nike air max 90
nike air max 95
air max 2014
air max 2013
air max 2012
air max 90
air max 95
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2013
nike air max 2012
nike air max 90
nike air max 95
air max 2014
air max 2013
air max 2012
air max 90
air max 95
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2013
nike air max 2012
nike air max 90
nike air max 95
air max 2014
air max 2013
air max 2012
air max 90
air max 95
nike air max 2014
nike air max 2013
nike air max 2012
nike air max 90
nike air max 95
air max 2014
air max 2013
air max 2012
air max 90
air max 95