https://www.sykes.com/how-we-help/outsourcing/risk-management/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Risk Management
We secure business enablement for your customer interaction management.
Contact Us
Data Security & Fraud Prevention
To secure the call center, businesses rely on vigilant partners who will focus on people risk management, enabling technology and the day-to-day monitoring of processes to build a strong security culture.
As a trusted partner for many of the world’s leading brands, SYKES proactively identifies threats and behavioral anomalies while providing tailored governance and educational programs to reduce risks. Our security organization is one of the most mature in the industry, with high tenure and a diverse base of skilled security professionals offering cross-industry expertise. We understand your business and operate in alignment with our clients’ operational objectives, delivering superior experiences through a total partnership approach. As our first priority, SYKES is focused on securing our employees and mitigating risks to ensure the seamless delivery of service at every level.
An industry leader in data security and fraud prevention, we take a fully integrated, holistic approach to risk-management that is uniquely tailored to our clients’ business needs. Using a deep understanding of your employee culture and proven security strategies, we achieve more by staying focused on our mission of REAL PEOPLE. REAL SOLUTIONS.®
We understand that building a healthy, scalable and secure environment is critically important. That’s why we utilize a concurrent and continuous process to identify, protect, detect and respond to a multitude of threats. Our global security team takes a proactive, end-to-end solutions approach that spans the security lifecycle and focuses on data risk protection and eliminating security vulnerabilities. SYKES has the expertise, innovation and global capabilities to help keep your organization secure.
Download Sykes Security Information
More Resources
VideoRelatedThe Future of CX & AI With Dave Pearson
VideoRelatedRobots Taking Over Customer Care? Not Quite.
Thought LeadershipRelatedUsing AI Can Help Create More Human Customer Experiences
Case StudyRelatedAutomated Intelligence Creates Upsell Opportunities
Case StudyRelatedPeople & Data Intelligence Create Powerful Digital Transformations
We Can Help
Your business has unique needs. See the difference a customized solution can make to your customer retention and satisfaction as well as your bottom line.
CONTACT US
Follow Us on Social Media
Company Investor Relations
Leadership
Sustainability
News
How We Help Outsourcing
Holistic CX
Service to Sales
Extend Your Brand
Digital Transformation
Industries Served Communications
Energy & Utilities
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance Services
Retail
Small & Medium Businesses
Technology
Travel
More Information Locations
CareersContact
Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated is a leading provider of multichannel demand generation and customer engagement services for Global 2000 companies and their end customers. SYKES’ differentiated full lifecycle solutions and services — digital marketing, sales expertise, customer service, technical support and more through multichannel delivery platforms — effectively engage customers at every touchpoint of the customer journey. Our complete service offering helps clients acquire, retain and increase the lifetime value of their customer relationships through cost-effective solutions that enhance the customer service experience, promote stronger brand loyalty, and foster high levels of performance and profitability.
Terms of Use | Privacy & Cookies | Standards of Conduct | Accessibility
SYKES Family of Companies Learn More
Copyright © 2020 Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated
Company
About Us
Awards
Board of Directors
Employee Spotlight
Investor Relations
Leadership
News
Sustainability
SYKES Institute
How We Help
Outsourcing
Talent Acquisition
Talent Development
Transaction Handling
Coaching and Engagement
Delivery Models
Work At Home
Risk Management
Technology Platform
Holistic CX
Intelligent CX Innovations
Insight Analytics
Multi-Channel Solutions
Social Media Care
Chat Support
Service to Sales
Sales Through Service
Customer Selection
Customer Acquisition
Customer Retention
Extend Your Brand
Customer Growth
Digital Marketing & Inbound Sales
Sykes Assistance Services
Social Media Care
Digital Transformation
Supercharge Workforce
Drive Growth With Better CX
Reduce Operating Costs
Industries
Communications
Energy & Utilities
Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance Services
Retail
Small & Medium Businesses
Technology
Travel
Locations
Asia Pacific
Australia
China
India
Philippines
Europe Middle East & Africa
Cyprus
Denmark
Egypt
Finland
Germany
Hungary
Norway
Romania
Sweden
United Kingdom
Latin America
Brazil
Colombia
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Mexico
North America
Canada
United States
Careers
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
E-Books
Fact Sheets
Glossary
OnBrand
OneTAKE
Reports
SYKES Quarterly
Thought Leadership
Videos
Webinars
White Papers
Investor Relations
Contact
This website uses first- and third-party cookies to improve your viewing experience and help us understand how our website is being used. By continuing to explore our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Click here for more information on our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Policy
This website uses first- and third-party cookies to improve your viewing experience and help us understand how our website is being used. By continuing to explore our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
View Privacy PoliciesTerms of Use
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings