https://www.afsanalytics.com/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
Sign Up
Log In
Sign Up
Log In
Sign Up
Log In
Product Tour
Live Demo
Classic Dashboard
Enhanced eCommerce Dashboard
WooCommerce Embedded Dashboard
Prestashop Embedded Dashboard
Pricing
Dashboard
Français
AFS Analytics Privacy Statement
AFS Analytics services is provided and developed by DataSense Company.
AFS Analytics has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site, or users of a website using AFS web analytics solution.
if you are a user of a website using AFS Analytics solution
AFS Analylics wich complies with the general data protection regulations, may save personal data (as defined by the GDPR) as a subcontractor, including a unique number consisting of alphanumeric characters identifying you. This encrypted data is saved on secure servers located in France or in Canada. Canada guarantees data protection under Articles 44 and 46 of the GDPR. No banking information is transmitted to AFS Analytics.
The owner of the AFS analytics account is sole owner of the personally identifiable or not information data collected on their website. AFS Analytics does not share, sell, or claim any rights to this data.
The storage duration is defined by the AFS Analytics account owner and is limited to 365 days by default. You may request the deletion or modification of this data by contacting the Data Manager of the owner of the account. The cookies are exclusively attached to their domain name: first-party Cookies. The owner of these cookies are the owner of the website where the AFS Analytics tracking code is pasted,
and you can oppose their registration.
AFS Analytics does not share or sell any collected information to third parties.
AFS Analytics does not acquire or collect any personal information about you. Your name, address, phone number, and email address all remain your private property. AFS Analytics does, however, collect information which is specific to how you use the Internet. AFS Analytics servers note non-personally identifying details such as, but not limited to, the server you are logged onto, the geographic location of the ISP you use, the type of browser you use, and your IP address. This information is obtained solely for statistical purposes.
For AFS Analytics Registered Members
If You create an account on AFS Analytics, ou are responsible for maintaining the security of Your account and its content, and You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the Website.
DataSense (AFS Analytics) will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Your website must be compliant with the GDPR:
Ask consent to your users prior to use cookies.
Set-up analytic.js to comply with the European law on the deposit of cookies
Read GDPR Compliance and Privacy document.
Add the disclaimer about AFS Analytics in your terms and condition or privacy policy.
We may occasionally communicate with you regarding our products, services, news, and events. You have the option to not receive this information. We provide an opt-out function within all email communications of this nature or will cease to communicate with you for this purpose if you contact us and tell us not to communicate this information to you. The only kind of these communications that you may not “opt-out” of are those required to communicate announcements related to the Services, including information specific to your account, planned Services suspensions, and outages. We will attempt to minimize this type of communication to you.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Data export
Some data that been stored for you on our servers can be exported to CSV directly by request sent to the support team. We guarantee the export of the data will be made within 15 business days after a request is received.
This service is free for premium account, for FREE accounts, this service will be billed.
Data retention
For PREMIUM account, you can select the period of the data retention.
For FREE account, all tracked data that was stored more than 180 days will be permanently deleted from our system.
Data Location
All personal data about our regisered members are encrypted and saved on secure servers located in France or in Canada. Canada guarantees data protection under Articles 44 and 46 of the GDPR. No banking information is transmitted to AFS Analytics.
Data collected
We collect information related to a platform user and our Services usage:
Registration information: information you provide to us when you sign up to our system.
Profile settings: you can view and edit various preferences as well as personal details on “Profile” settings.
Subscription plan
and billing information: we store information about your subscription plan and billing information. We don't store any payment details. All payments are processed by our 3rd party partners (Stripe or Paypal).
Other data you want to share: We may collect your personal information or data if you submit it to us in other contexts.
AFS Analytics does not share or sell any collected information to third parties.
AFS Analytics regards all personal information collected from its
registered members as completely confidential. This includes personal data provided during registration processes.
Rights to access, rectification or erasure, restriction and objection of processing
You have the right to access, rectification, opposition, erasure (“right to be forgotten”), and restriction of the processing your personal data by directing any of such requests to DataSense or AFS Analytics . In order to make things easier for you, and without prejudice to the legal requirements DataSense must comply with under the laws, DataSenseO allows you to exercise the above-mentioned rights by sending an email to our data manager Christophe Jacquet from DataSense company, christophe(at)datasense.fr
Account deletion
All users, who want to constantly delete their accounts and all the associated data, could do it by themselves in their profile (or contact the team for premium account). All data is permanently deleted from all our servers and it couldn’t be restored.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. When we refer to cookies we include other technologies with similar purposes. We use the following types of cookie: 1. Analytics cookies that remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. They keep track of browsing patterns and help us to build up a profile of how our users use the website. We might use that information to serve advertisements that might be of particular interest to you.2. Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible; remember your registration and login details; remember your settings preferences; and administering subscriptions to our services.3. Third party advertising cookies, which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site. These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site. They are anonymous – they cannot identify individuals. They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once. They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites..
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information. Cliquez ici pour vous opposer aux cookies de mesure d’audience d'AFS Analytics..
Contacting Us
If you have any additional questions about
AFS Analytics's dedication to consumer privacy, please Contact Us.
AFS Analytics
Make your website smarter.
AFS Analytics™ provides real-time website analytics.
All product and company names are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders.
Facebook
YouTube
Services
Features
Pricing
Resource
Help
Developers Hub
API
Affiliate Program
Support
Contact Us
T.O.S
Privacy policy
Legal Terms
Forgotten password
©2020 AFS Analytics™
©2020 DataSense™
Version: 140620
EN
FR