http://www.nmwebdesign.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
Recommendations
Services
Logo & Corporate Identity
Web Design
Content Management
SEO Services
Domain Names
Hosting Services
Website Support
Portfolio
Blog
Contact
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Nixen Master Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Nixen Master Ltd when you use this website.Nixen Master Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Nixen Master Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25/05/2018.
What we collectWe may collect the following information:name and surnamecontact information including telephone, mobile and email addressdemographic information such as full addressGDPR and Your Data
In line with the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which comes into force 25th
May 2018, we would like to inform you that we are only keeping in our
records the information necessary to prepare requested quotations and
information necessary to process your payments (your
invoices and payment details).SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal information
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We will never use your
information to send you promotional materials.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
GDPR statement
In line with the new General Data Protection Regulation which comes into force on 25 May, 2018, we would like to ensure you that we do not keep any personal data from you, and you should not be required to provide, or provide, any, as part of the services we provide. We do keep our client invoices, for business and accounting purposes, and to be able to maintain our own records.
About UsAbout UsRecommendationsPartnersWeb DesignWebsite Design ServicesContent ManagementSEO ServicesFAQDirectoryDomain NameI have read things…PortfolioWeb DesignLogo DesignGet SocialFacebookLinkedInGoogle+Twitter
Home
About Us
Services
Portfolio
FAQ
Blog
Contact
Resources
Privacy Policy
About our Cookies
Sitemap
© Copyright 2020 - All Rights Reserved - Nixen Master LtdBlog RSS