https://www.trainingtutorial.com/policies/
Skip to content
View Cart
Newsletter & Specials
Policies
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy and security is important to us. Online purchases are conducted from our Secure Site certified by Thawte Certificate. Thawte is a VeriSign company providing the highest security available.TEDCF will not sell, distribute, or make available any of our customers’ information. Such information is for the sole use of TEDCF. More specifically, your information is used solely for the purchase of our tutorials.Read more on our Privacy Policy.
Installation Policy:
Purchase of the tutorial grants the purchaser non-exclusive right (License) to use the tutorial on one computer at any time.
Copyright:
TEDCF’s tutorials are the exclusive property of TEDCF. All of TEDCF’s tutorials are protected by copyright law. You may not rent, lease, or sublease any of TEDCF’s tutorials. You may not re-sell, duplicate, or distribute any of TEDCF’s tutorials.
Support Menu
General Support
Ask a Question
Contact Us
FAQ
Return and Refund Policy:
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can return the product and get a full refund or exchange the product for another one, be it similar or not. You can return a product for up to 30 days from the date you purchased it if the below restrictions are met.
30 day money back guarantee!Installed CoursesEvaluate the trial version of the course for as long as you like. If you are not satisfied, return the product un-registered within 30 days for a full refund or exchange.Online CoursesLog into your account up to 4 (four) times in the first 30 days.If you’re not fully satisfied return it for a full refund.Bundles with Online Training includedBoth Installed Course and Online Course policies apply.USBUSBs ($10.00 value) and shipping charges are non-refundable.
How can we offer such a substantial 30 Day Money Back Guarantee?Our courses will blow you away.Like thousands of customers before you,you’ll learn that our courses showyou everything you need to know.We know you’ll be satisfied too.
Limited Warranty:
TEDCF warrants that the tutorial will perform as described in our advertisements for a period of ninety (90) days. Any implied warranties relating to the tutorial are limited to ninety (90) days.
Have any question, concerns, or comments? Please let us know.
Contact Us
Close Menu
TEDCF Publishing uses our own cookies as well as third party cookies to help improve your experience on our website as described in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our website, you understand and accept.
accept