http://www.waves.com/legal/cookie-policy
3758b9b5-045c-4b7d-b020-80f9b068d99007:10 AM ESTTop SellersRecommended For YouLog in to see your personal recommendations111220201211189grid-viewTrueTrueFalse40900PRODUCTIONvoTekqO2wEJBRRQbsEWTHeJEaV5FbTWvet3JZATGb705eb6e-5be8-46d1-a9e3-8fbf47be7a04FalseFalseFalseFalsefalsehttps://img.wavescdn.comhref src content data-originalTrueYou may find this content helpful: To be able to view it, allow Performance Cookies here.d2ntW2B8vSS_JJsTlb_VTw6LeG-IcUAAAAAIb42eguHdUztlZNcrLPhuk81WSM6LftoDMUAAAAAC9QpaYXNehGHSu__XxRJyFAIgkJ6LeIxAcTAAAAAJcZVRqyHh71UMIEGNQ_MXjiZKhI30 Waves »Cookie PolicyLegalTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyWaves Update Plan 2nd LicenseTrademarks DisclaimerLegal NoticesWSG-HD for Avid VENUE | S6L: Open Source CodeTracks Live Premium Service Agreement SoundGrid Server GNU/Linux Open Source CodeWaves Cookie PolicyLast updated on: 07/03/2018uWaves uses cookies and other technologies to understand and save users preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that Waves can offer better site experiences and tools in the future and to determine what services or offers you might prefer to receive. We also may work with partners to help them advertise to you when you visit other websites or mobile applications, and to help them perform user analytics. Waves may then target these users based on their website behavior, including content viewed and products ordered, with advertisements across the Internet for special deals, promotions, etc.The service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views a service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as personalizing the service, improving the quality of Waves’ service, tailoring recommendations to interests and making the service easier to use.Third party advertisers on the Services including Google may also use, place or read cookies or other technologies as described below on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. The cookies may be associated with de-identified demographic or other data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.Syncing Cookies and Identifiers. We may work with our partners (for instance, third party ad platforms) to synchronize unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with cookies) in order to match our partners' uniquely coded user identifiers to our own. We may do this, for instance, to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device, and thus enable us or others to send ads that are more relevant, match users to their likely product interests, or better synchronize, cap, or optimize advertising.Waves and its service providers may also employ other technologies includingWeb beacons or clear GIFs, which allow it to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened. These are small pieces of code placed on a service or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a service or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that service. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.);Tracking pixels, which allow Waves or its advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; andLocal shared objects (LSOs) also known as flash cookies, which help Waves to reduce fraud, remember preferences and speed up load times or in order to target or help our partners target ads, analyze ad performance, or perform user, website or market analytics. In addition, some, but not all browsers, provide the ability to remove LSOs, sometimes within cookie and privacy settings.Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. Users may choose to set their web browser to alert them when cookies are being sent or to refuse cookies. If they do so, however, some parts of the Site may become difficult to use or may not function properly. Users may similarly opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.We may work with certain third-party companies that use techniques other than HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques. To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA's opt-out program, please go to http://www.aboutads.info.In addition to the above, Waves uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online, retargeting Users via Google’s advertising platform, Google Adwords. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show Waves ads on sites across the Internet. Waves and third-party vendors (including Google) may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on Users’ past visits to the Waves Site.Our cookies are classified into three categories:Required Cookies – These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work then.Performance and Functional Cookies – Performance cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. This category also includes Functional cookies that allow enhanced functionality and personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. Please note that allowing our Performance and Functional cookies will help you enjoy the full benefits of our website: if you do not allow these cookies, you will not be able to watch embedded videos, rate our products, read product reviews by other users, participate in live chats, or enjoy anti-theft protection by Norton.Marketing Cookies – These cookies are set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience our targeted advertising across different websites.https://register.waves.com2020-12-07 10:11 AM ESTThis content is not available in your country.Coupon OKCoupon Err