http://www.datatechlab.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.datatechlab.com this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 888 681-6738 or via email at info@datatechlab.com.
(Additional language required if you are an online merchant and/ or you collect sensitive information, i.e. date of birth, social security numbers, and credit card information, through your website)
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
DataTech Labs ® utlizes Authorize.net for it on-line payment process. Authorize.Net has been a leading provider of payment gateway services, managing the submission of billions of transactions to the processing networks on behalf of merchant customers. Authorize.Net is a solution of CyberSource Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Visa (NYSE: V).
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
LOCATIONFind a Data Recovery Lab location near you.
DataTech Labs® knows how valuable your data is. We also understand how vital it is that your data is recovered as quickly as possible after a experiencing a failure or crash. That is why DataTech Labs has Authorized Data Recovery Service Centers nationwide. We have listed all the recovery labs for your convenience. Click the map to find a location near you.
SUBMIT A CASEReady to get your data back?
Submit a case now to and tell us everything we need to know to get your data recovery going. Just fill out the form and we will get to work immediately on recovering your valuable data.
Submit a CaseGET A QUOTECall Now.
Call now to speak to a representative who will do an instant evaluation and give you an immediate quote. No purchase necessary.
(888) 288-3282
Menu