http://www.jmi.com/privacy-policy/
About
Value
People
Companies
News
Contact
Search
LOGIN
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY
About
Value
People
Companies
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices for the publicly accessible portions of this web site (the “Site”). To make this information easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at points where information is requested. This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 14, 2010, and was last updated on August 25, 2020.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
The Site does not collect any personally identifiable information such as names, home addresses or e-mail addresses. We do not sell personal data, and have not done so for the 12 months prior to the effective date of this policy.
This Site may place cookies on your computer or device. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a website. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your web browser or device, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past, collect general Site usage information (such as pages visited and time spent on each page), and perform analytics on Site usage information so we can improve its design, features and content. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Site or its features. We may utilize Google Analytics for certain web analytics. You can opt out of your Site usage data being included in our Google Analytics reports by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. The Site does not presently recognize and respond to “do not track” signals.
We may share your data as follows:
• With service providers who assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Site;
• If we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding inappropriate or illegal
activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property;
• If we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding abuse of the Site’s infrastructure or
the Internet in general; and
• To comply with legal obligations, and legal processes and procedures.
The Privacy Policy for the “Limited Partner Access” pages of this website can be found at http://www.dynamosoftware.com/privacy-policy/. In the case of limited partners accessing the Limited Partner Access pages of the Site, all personally identifiable information shall be treated in accordance with the Privacy Notices issued by JMI Management, Inc. (“JMI”) to its limited partners in accordance with 17 C.F.R. §§ 248.4-248.6 and any other limited partner privacy policy enacted by JMI. A copy of such Privacy Notices and any other limited partner privacy policies are available to JMI’s limited partners upon request.
All correspondence with JMI regarding employment opportunities at JMI should be sent to, and will come from, an employee-specific JMI email (ex: jdoe@jmi.com) ending in the domain @jmi.com and candidates are advised that any offer will come from such an employee-specific JMI email.
Depending on your residency, you may have certain data subject rights. These rights vary by state and country and we reserve all of our rights available to us at law in this regard. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, for example, by charging a different price or denying goods or services. Additionally, if we retain your personal data only in de-identified form, we will not attempt to re-identify your data in response to a data subject rights request.
NOTE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
As set forth in the Terms of Use, data we collect from users of the “Limited Partner Access” pages of this website within the European Union, will be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) including, without limitation, in the United States. It will also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers.
By submitting your personal data, you consent to its storage, processing and transfer outside the EEA, including, without limitation, in and to the United States. In order to comply with the requirements of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for our limited partners resident in the European Union, the Addendum to this Privacy Policy outlines the legal basis on which we process your personal data and provides other information required by the GDPR.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by JMI (the “Third-Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we describe here do not apply to the Third-Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that JMI endorses or has reviewed the Third-Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
Because JMI’s business will continue to evolve, our privacy policies and, consequently, this Privacy Policy, may change from time to time and, therefore, you are strongly encouraged to review this Privacy Policy regularly. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in an amended version of this policy to inform you of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
QUESTIONS OR REQUESTS
If you have a question or a complaint about this privacy policy or a data subject rights request, please contact us at compliance@jmi.com.
BALTIMORE
SAN DIEGO
LP LOGIN
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY
©2020 JMI Management, Inc.