http://www.dataprivacynetwork.com/
DataPrivacyNetwork.com domain is for sale | Buy with Epik.com
DataPrivacyNetwork.com
Buy This Domain For
$4,750
Buy Now
Or Make An Offer
Share it
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Why purchase this domain with Epik?
Secure & Instant Domain Delivery
The domain you are buying is delivered upon purchase.
Buyer Protection Program
Buy with confidence. Your purchase is secured by Epik.
All-inclusive.
No-nonsense
Free WHOIS privacy, free forwarding, 24/7 Support are all standard.
We accept
Currency:
USD
EUR
GBP
INR
AUD
CNY
BRL
AED
CAD
CZK
CHF
DKK
HKD
JPY
NOK
NZD
PEN
PLN
SEK
ZAR
PKR
BTC
ETH
LTC
XRP
Language:
English
Spanish
Portuguese
French
German
Chinese
Russian
Tagalog
Thai
Italian
Epik ® is a registered trademark of Epik Inc. Copyright © 2020 by Epik Inc. All rights reserved.
Whois Privacy services provided by Anonymize.com
Terms & Conditions: Rental / Purchase Plans
DataPrivacyNetwork.com
×
Offer Summary
First Installment: $0
Annual % Rent Increase: 0.0
Future Installments: $0/mo
#Installments: 60
Purchase option: N/A
Duration: 5Yr
Plan Type: Rental
Grace Period: 5 days
% Accrued: 100.0
TERMS & CONDITIONS: RENTAL / PURCHASE PLANS
This agreement regarding a domain rental or purchase plan (the "Agreement") is made as of the time you click
the box marked "OK" or "I Accept" during the checkout process (the "Effective Date") and is by and
between Epik, Inc, a Washington Corporation ("Epik"), and the party making such click or
selection ("You").
AGREEMENT
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, and agreements set forth in this
Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, each of the parties to this Agreement (each a "Party," and together the
"Parties") agrees as follows:
1. Rental / Financing Plan: Domain, Payments, and Term.
By clicking the box marked "OK" or "I Accept" You are agreeing to enter into this Agreement and
to be bound by all of the terms and conditions specified herein.
You agree that You are paying for use of the domain name specified at the checkout page (the Domain").
The payment period shall be as selected and specified during the checkout process ("Payment Duration").
The monthly payment amount is also as selected and specified during the checkout process. The first
monthly payment shall be due on the Effective Date and shall be due thereafter every month on
the same date of each month during the Term. By further and separate agreement with You,
and at additional cost, Epik may provide a website found at the address of the Domain (along
with related software and documentation) and this page shall be included within the definition of
"Domain" and also subject to this Agreement and a separate agreement. If You fail to pay any
scheduled payment when due then all rights held by You under this Agreement shall
immediately terminate. In the event of such termination, You agree You no longer have the right
of use of the Domain, and the Domain may immediately be sold, reassigned, transferred,
encumbered, or re-leased to another party at Epik's sole discretion without further obligation to
You.
2. Ownership.
Until the domain is purchased by you, you agree that the Domain is not owned by you. You shall
keep the Domain free and clear of all liens and encumbrances. You shall not assign the Domain
or this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder or sublease the Domain.
3. Operations.
You shall immediately notify Epik of all details concerning any damage or loss arising out of the
functioning or operation of the Domain. You shall not use and/or permit the Domain to be used
for any unlawful purpose or for which the website is not designed or reasonably suitable.
Further, in the use of the Domain, You shall comply with all governmental laws, regulations and
requirements including, but not limited to: (i) The CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended, and any
and all Federal Trade Commission enabling regulations; (ii) The Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act: (iii) all federal and state statutes and governmental regulations pertaining to
privacy, deceptive marketing, data protection and credit; (iv) all government mandated
insurance requirements, if any, with respect to the use, maintenance and operation of the
Domain. You shall provide Epik any additional information Epik deems necessary or convenient
to ensure compliance with all applicable laws. You understand and agree that if at any time it is
discovered that You have violated any applicable law or regulation, or it is otherwise required by
applicable laws or regulations, Epik may undertake appropriate actions to ensure compliance
with such laws or regulations. You understand that Epik may release confidential information
about You to proper authorities if Epik, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best
interests of the Epik in light of relevant rules and regulations under applicable laws to do so. You
agree you shall not (i) make any trademark filing in any jurisdiction incorporating or reflecting the
same or similar word, or combination of words, as the Domain, nor (ii) utilize the Domain in any
manner so as to violate the trademark interests of any third party or Epik. In the event any
trademark violation is alleged due to your use of the Domain, you agree you shall be solely and
exclusively responsible for the costs of defending against such alleged violation in addition to
any damages which may be ultimately awarded.
4. Default or Breach.
You shall be in default hereunder, and there shall be a breach of this Agreement, if: a) You fail
to pay any monthly payment after the same becomes due, b) You attempt to remove, sell,
transfer, encumber, sublet or part with possession of the Domain, or c) You fail to observe or
perform any of the other obligations required to be observed or performed by You hereunder
("Default"). In the event of Default, Epik shall repossess the Domain and have no further
obligation to You, provided however, You shall be bound by all the terms and conditions of this
Agreement as may be set forth herein.
5. Miscellaneous.
Any term of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the written consent of You
and Epik together. This Agreement constitutes the sole agreement of the parties and
supersedes all oral negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof. The
validity, interpretation, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Washington, King County.
This Agreement binds and benefits the parties' respective successors, permitted assigns, heirs,
executors, administrators, and legal representatives. In any dispute between the parties, the
prevailing party will be entitled to collect attorneys' fees and costs from the non-prevailing party.
6. Epik Contact Information
Epik, Inc
704 228th Ave NE
Sammamish, WA 98074, USA
Tel: 425-366-8810
Email: info (at) epik.com
Start Now
Cancel