https://www.lumeon.com/cookie-policy/
The care automation platformLearn how Lumeon automates and orchestrates the optimum care journey for every patient One platform – many solutions Forget about point solutions – discover a configurable platform with many use casesPatient engagementGuide patients step by step using automation, virtual and in-person careCare coordinationChange the way you task care professionals, so everyone works at the top of their licenseInteroperabilityAutomatically ensure patient data is up-to-date and meets common standardsEHR integrationExplore how we can extend the real-time reach of your existing technologyEpic workflowExtend the power of Epic workflow to deploy automated virtual care journeysSuccess storiesSuccess stories Knowledge centerKnowledge center AboutStoryNews Careers PeopleSecurity and T&Cs ‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone. They allow websites to store things like user preferences. You can think of cookies as providing a ‘memory’ for the website, so that it can recognize you when you come back and respond appropriately. This information should make your website visits more productive by storing and using information on your website preferences and habits.Your web browser can choose whether or not to accept cookies. Most web browser software is initially set up to accept them. If you don’t wish to receive them, please ensure you set up your web browser to disable them.Please note that if you disable cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available. For further information please see www.aboutcookies.org.Lumeon uses the following cookies:Essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.Analytical cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.Marketing cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.By continuing to use this site, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.The cookies Lumeon uses are as follows:WordPress If you register, or sign in as a returning user, in order to access Lumeon’s client area, marketplace or community, your data will be stored on our secure content management system, WordPress. Any data you enter into a form will be stored indefinitely, but you can request to be removed at at any time by emailing marketing@lumeon.com or by managing your profile yourself at https://www.lumeon.com/login/Google Analytics Google Analytics cookies do not collect personal data about our website visitors. The data collected by Google Analytics is used to analyze how frequently the same people revisit the University website, how the website is found (from advertising or referring websites), and which pages are most frequently viewed. This information is combined with data from thousands of other users to create an overall picture of website use, and is never identified individually or personally and is not linked to any other information we store about you. To find out more visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/Youtube Google set a number of cookies on any page that includes a Youtube video. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Youtube users, including information that links your visits to our website with your Google account if you are signed in to one. Information about your use of our website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to Google and stored on servers in the United States. This cookie does not identify you personally unless you are logged into Google, in which case it is linked to your Google accountTo find out more visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/Wistia Lumeon uses Wistia to host our videos. Whenever you interact with any of our videos, Wistia automatically receives and records information on their server including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. For more information please see https://wistia.com/privacyPardot Pardot cookies don’t store personally identifying information, only a unique identifier. Pardot uses cookies on all Lumeon https pages. This data not shared with any third parties and is stored SQL Jason or XML formats. The visitor cookie is composed of a unique visitor ID. For example, the cookie name “visitor_id12345” stores the visitor value “1010101010”. This cookie is set for visitors by the Pardot tracking code. Anonymous information collected includes hostname, IP address, number of page views, first and last page views. Pardot may also record the referring url e.g. Google or Linkedin that brought you to the Lumeon website. The minimum duration for a cookie is 180 days or (six months) with a maximum of 10 years.Once you complete a form on our site Pardot stores further data – for more information please see our privacy policy or contact marketing@lumeon.comInformation collected:When you request information, contact us or register on the Lumeon website, you may be asked to provide information via an e-form.This requires you to provide Lumeon with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address. The exact information collated varies, depending on the form.Once you have completed a form, Lumeon stores this data in a third-party marketing automation system, Pardot. When you register for our client area, marketplace or community this information will also be stored in our website management system WordPress. You can request to be removed from this at any time by emailing marketing@lumeon.com.Lumeon uses common Internet technologies, such as cookies and Web beacons, to keep track of interactions with our website and emails. You can unsubscribe from emails at any time using the link at the bottom of the email.As you navigate the Lumeon website, we may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Website Navigational Information”). Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Lumeon website (such as the pages viewed, and the links clicked). How this information is stored:This information is stored on Pardot and WordPress. If you wish to review or remove this data from our systems, please contact marketing@lumeon.com Use of information:Lumeon uses information collected to provide you with the services, collateral or further information you request. Lumeon may use information collected to provide you with additional information about our platform, including information about our upcoming releases, customer service updates, as well as promotions, events, webinars and other marketing activities.We may use information collected to improve our website and services.Lumeon does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.Communication preferences:Every marketing email from Lumeon contains instructions on how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails from the Company via the unsubscribe link at the bottom.You can manage your profile for the client area, marketplace and community by logging into https://www.lumeon.com/login/. What is the purpose of this document?Lumeon Limited is a “data controller”. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. You are being sent a copy of this privacy notice because you are applying for work with us (whether as an employee, worker or contractor). It makes you aware of how and why your personal data (Candidate Data) will be used, namely for the purposes of the recruitment process, and how long it will usually be retained for. It provides you with certain information that must be provided under the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR).ConfirmationBy making available your Candidate Data, as defined below, you confirm that:–  You have reviewed this Notice and agree that Lumeon may process your Candidate Data in accordance with this Notice;–  You have provided any notices and obtained any consents needed to provide information concerning others (e.g., information about employment references); and–  Your Candidate Data may be transferred and processed worldwide, including the US and other countries that may not be deemed to provide the same level of data protection as your home country, for the purposes and in the manner specified in this Notice.Lumeon will process Candidate Data in accordance with this Notice, unless in conflict with requirements of applicable law, in which case applicable law will prevail.Your consent to the provisions of this Notice is required in order to submit or make available Candidate Data.   If you decline to submit or make available your Candidate Data, it may affect your ability to apply for or receive an offer of employment.This Notice does not form part of any contract of employment offered to candidates hired by Lumeon.DefinitionsCandidate Data is identifiable information that an individual makes available to Lumeon in connection with the recruiting process.  Lumeon may collect Candidate Data directly from a job candidate or from third parties, for example, in connection with a background or employment check or employment reference, subject to your consent where required by law.  Candidate Data may include a variety of information, such as information referred to under the “the kind of information we hold about you”- section.Processing refers to any action performed on Candidate Data, such as collecting, recording, organizing, storing, transferring, modifying, using, disclosing, or deleting.Sensitive Candidate Data is Candidate Data concerning nationality or citizenship, race or ethnic origin, criminal history, or trade union membership. Lumeon does not request or consider information concerning religion, sex life or political opinions in connection with recruiting.Data Protection PrinciplesWe will comply with data protection law and principles, which means that your Candidate Data will be:–  Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way;–  Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes;–  Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes;–  Accurate and kept up to date;Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about; and Kept securely.The kind of Information We hold about youIn connection with your application for work with us, we will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you (“Candidate Data”):–  The information you have provided to us in your curriculum vitae and covering letter;–  The information you have provided on our application form, including name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, employment history/job data, qualifications and education, candidate status, compensation, contact information;–  Any employer feedback;–  Any questionnaire and test results; and–  Any information you provide to us during an interview.How is your personal information collected?You may use various electronic and paper methods to submit Candidate Data to Lumeon. We collect Candidate Data about candidates from the following sources:–  You, the candidate’–  From third parties, for example, from recruiters, in connection with a background or employment check or an employment reference (subject to your consent where required by law);–  To the extent permitted by law from a recruiting or other websites;–  From a publicly accessible source such as social media and job boards.How we will use information about youLumeon processes Candidate Data for legitimate human resources and business management purposes and will use the Candidate Data we collect about you to:–  Assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role;–  Carry out background and reference checks, where applicable;–  Communicate with you about the recruitment process;–  Keep records related to our hiring processes;–  Analyse the hiring process and outcomes; and–  Comply with legal or regulatory requirements.It is in our legitimate interests to decide whether to appoint you to the role since it would be beneficial to our business to appoint someone to that role.We also need to process your Candidate Data to decide whether to enter into a contract of employment with you.Having received your CV and covering letter or your application form and where applicable the results from the test which you took, we will then process that Candidate Data to decide whether you meet the basic requirements to be shortlisted for the role. If you do, we will decide whether your application is strong enough to invite you for an interview. If we decide to call you for an interview, we will use the Candidate Data you provide to us at the interview to decide whether to offer you the role. If we decide to offer you the role, we may then take up references and carry out a criminal record before confirming your appointment.If you are hired, Candidate Data may be used in connection with your employment consistent with Lumeon’s employment data protection policies.In addition to using Candidate Data for the position for which you have applied, Lumeon may retain and use your Candidate Data to consider you for other positions.  If you do not want to be considered for other positions or would like to have your Candidate Data removed, you may contact Lumeon as specified below.If you fail to provide personal informationIf you fail to provide Candidate Data when requested, which is necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we will not be able to process your application successfully. For example, if we require references for this role and you fail to provide us with relevant details, we will not be able to take your application further.How we use particularly sensitive personal informationWe will use your particularly sensitive personal information in the following ways:–  We will use Candidate Data about your disability status to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustments during the recruitment process, for example whether adjustments need to be made during a test or interview. If you have a disability and would like Lumeon to consider an accommodation, you may provide that information during the recruiting process; and–  To the extent you make Sensitive Candidate Data available to Lumeon, you consent to Lumeon processing such Candidate Data in accordance with this Notice.Information about criminal convictionsLumeon may perform background and criminal checks where permitted by law, and may process other Sensitive Candidate Data, such as citizenship or nationality information or health information, when relevant for a position and permitted by law.  If Lumeon intends to collect Sensitive Personal Data from third parties, you will be provided notice and the opportunity to consent.Automated Decision-MakingYou will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making. Data SharingWhy might you share my personal information with third parties?Lumeon may transfer Candidate Data to external third-party providers performing certain services for Lumeon. We only permit them to process your Candidate Data in accordance with our instructions and as specified in the applicable service contract, and Lumeon requires the providers to undertake security measures consistent with the protections specified in this Notice.Lumeon may be required to disclose certain Candidate Data to other third parties (1) as required by law; (2) to protect Lumeon’s legal rights to the extent authorized or permitted by law; or (3) in an emergency where the health or safety of a candidate or other individual may be endangered.  In addition, in the event of a re-organization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, or other transfer or disposition of all or any portion of Lumeon’s business, Lumeon may transfer Candidate Data to successor entities or parties.Lumeon may transfer data outside of the European Union, for example, to Lumeon Inc. Where any Candidate Data is to be transferred outside of the European Union, Lumeon will ensure that the company complies with European Union data protection regulations, for example, in the United States that the company is regulated with Privacy Shield.In the event of the third country company not being Privacy Shield certified, the Company will ensure adequate privacy protection by using the Standard Contractual Clauses suggested by the EU Commission. Data SecurityWe have put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the integrity, confidentiality, security, availability of Candidate Data and to prevent your Candidate Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your Candidate Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need-to-know. They will only process your Candidate Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. Data RetentionHow long will you use my information for?Unless required for tax or other legal purposes or in connection with employment as specified above, Candidate Data will be retained for a maximum of three years (or less where required by law), with the exception of email communication, in line with Lumeon’s data protection policy. Right of Access, Correction, Erasure, and RestrictionYour rights in connection with personal informationUnder certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:–  Request access to your Candidate Data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the Candidate Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it, except where retention is required by your contractual relationship with Lumeon, in the context of a legal dispute, or as otherwise required by law.  If access is denied, the reason for the denial will be communicated to you;–  Request correction of the Candidate Data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate Candidate Data we hold about you corrected, except where retention is required by your contractual relationship with Lumeon, in the context of a legal dispute, or as otherwise required by law.  If correction is denied, the reason for the denial will be communicated to you;–  Request erasure of your Candidate Data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Candidate Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Candidate Data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below). Foregoing does not apply except retention is required by your contractual relationship with Lumeon, in the context of a legal dispute, or as otherwise required by law.  If deletion is denied, the reason for the denial will be communicated to you;–  Object to processing of your Candidate Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Candidate Data for direct marketing purposes;–  Request the restriction of processing of your Candidate Data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of Candidate Data, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it; andRequest the transfer of your Candidate Data to another party.If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your Candidate Data, or request that we transfer a copy of your Candidate Data to another party, please contact the Head of HR at careers@lumeon.com in writing.Right to Withdraw ConsentWhen you applied for this role, you provided consent to us processing your Candidate Data for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. You have the right to withdraw your consent for processing for that purpose at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact the Head of HR at careers@lumeon.com. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your application and, subject to our retention policy, we will dispose of your Candidate Data securely.Data Protection OfficerWe have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact the DPO at privacy@lumeon.com. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. ACCEPTSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
COVID-19 update: Safely restart elective surgery by using virtual care Download playbook