http://www.argoncorp.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to and respected by ARGON Corporation.  This Privacy Statement provides information about the personal information that ARGON Corporation collects, and the ways in which ARGON Corporation uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
ARGON Corporation may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website (including type of domain name used to gain access to the Internet, the IP address attributed during the connection, date and time of access to the site, duration of site/page visit, browser used, the operating system or platform installed on your personal computer or the access device used, search engine and meta tags used to track the ARGON Corporation website on the web, type and nature of files or information that has been downloaded);
Information that you provide in the forms for the purpose of subscribing to the website services; and
Any other information that you send to ARGON Corporation.
Using personal information
ARGON Corporation may use your personal information to:
Administer this website;
Personalize the website for you;
Enable your access to and use of the website services;
Send you marketing communications which you have requested in the forms.
Cookies
Cookies are information packets sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.  This enables web servers to identify and track web browsers. There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.  Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
ARGON Corporation does not use persistent cookies on its website.
Securing your data
ARGON Corporation will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
A request to obtain, alter or delete all personal information is free of charge and may be sent at any time by  e-mail (mailto:sales@argoncorp.com) to ARGON Corporation.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that ARGON Corporation collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which ARGON Corporation operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
ARGON Corporation may update its privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website may contain links to other websites.
ARGON Corporation is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.