http://www.infotech.com/terms
Info-Tech Research Group Standard Terms of Use
This document states the terms and conditions under which you may use this website and the Services, which are the property of Info-Tech Research Group Inc. ("Info-Tech"). Your use of this site and the Services constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
1. General Use RestrictionsInfo-Tech services, advice, materials, products, websites and network (collectively the "Services") are to be used for the User's (meaning a named individual user that uses the publicly available Services, or is authorized by Info-Tech in a service agreement to use the Services that require paid access) use and benefit only pursuant to the terms and limitations of the paid subscription and may not be disclosed, disseminated or distributed to any other party, except as Info-Tech otherwise agrees in writing. The User will not circumvent any encryption or otherwise gain access to Services for which the User has not been expressly granted the appropriate rights of access.
The User will not use the Services for or knowingly transmit to Info-Tech or upload to any Info-Tech site or network any illegal, improper or unacceptable material or use them for illegal, improper or unacceptable practices including without limitation the dissemination of any defamatory, fraudulent, infringing, abusive, lewd, obscene or pornographic material, viruses, trojan horses, time bombs, worms, or other harmful code designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the function of any software, hardware or communications equipment, unsolicited mass email or other internet based advertising campaigns, privacy breaches, denial of use attacks, spoofing, or impersonation.
2. CopyrightThe Services are © Info-Tech Research Group Inc. All rights reserved.
The Services are owned by and copyrighted by Info-Tech and other parties and may contain trademarks of Info-Tech or others. They are protected by Canadian, U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws and conventions.
User may use the Services solely for his or her own information purposes pursuant to the terms and limitations of the paid subscription. The User may download any of the Service's tools or templates for his or her individual use, but may not distribute any articles, tools, templates or blueprints internally, subject to the exceptions below. The User may create derivative works from the Service's tools or templates and distribute these for internal use but may not distribute these derivative works internally or externally for any commercial or resale purposes.
Info-Tech is proud of and believes in the value of the Services it provides to Users. Info-Tech also appreciates referrals that Users generate by forwarding articles, tools and templates downloaded from the Services to non-Users. Info-Tech encourages Users to forward copies of individual articles, tools, templates and blueprints contained in the Services to colleagues and others who may be interested Info-Tech's Services in order for the recipient to evaluate Info-Tech's Services ("Evaluation Copy"), provided all copyright, trademark and other notices are not altered or removed. For greater certainty, Users may forward Evaluation Copies of articles, tools, templates and blueprints contained in the Services to other non-User individuals both internal and external to the User's organization strictly for the purpose of the recipient's evaluation of Info-Tech's Services and not for any other purpose or use.
User acknowledges and agrees that he or she will forward Evaluation Copies to non-Users for the sole purpose of the recipient non-User's evaluation of Info-Tech's Services. Info-Tech reserves the right to review, at its sole discretion, User's account for forwarding activity, including but not limited to reviewing the quantity and description of any Evaluation Copies forwarded as well as the identification and contact information of the recipients of all Evaluation Copies. The User acknowledges that Info-Tech views Evaluation Copies as a referral system and understands that Info-Tech may attempt to contact the recipient non-User in order to assess his or her satisfaction with the Evaluation Copy and interest in Info-Tech's Services. User also acknowledges and agrees that Info-Tech reserves the right, at Info-Tech's sole discretion, to limit or disable User's ability to forward Evaluation Copies of articles, tools, templates and blueprints upon review of User's forwarding activities.
Any other reproduction or dissemination of the Services in any form or by any means is forbidden without Info-Tech's written permission, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the User will not:
A. record and re-transmit the Service over any network (including any local area network), except as otherwise stated above;
B. use any Service in any timesharing, service bureau, bulletin board or similar arrangement or public display;
C. post any Service to any other online service (including bulletin boards or the Internet);
D. sublicense, lease, sell, offer for sale or assign the Service; or
E. use Info-Tech's name or any excerpts from the Services in the promotion of its products or services.
3. UsersUsers must be authorized to use the Services by Info-Tech. Users must maintain and protect the confidentiality of any password(s) and are responsible to ensure that the passwords are effective. Users shall advise Info-Tech immediately if they discover that their password has been compromised, at the following number 1-888-670-8889.
4. User SubmissionsInfo-Tech's research services include the ability for clients to contribute content for publication on Info-Tech's websites. If your account is used to submit, post, or add content to Info-Tech's websites, (collectively, "User Submissions"), you agree to accept sole responsibility for those User Submissions, including the information, statements, facts, and material contained in any form or medium (e.g., text, audio, video, and photographic) therein.
When you provide any User Submission to us, you grant us, our affiliates, and our partners, a worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive, sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, transfer, transmit, distribute, and publish such User Submission, and subsequent versions thereof. You agree you will not attempt to enforce any so-called "moral rights" in your User Submission against us, our affiliates, and/or our partners. This license will apply to the distribution and the storage of your User Submission in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed.
By using Info-Tech's research services, you agree that none of your User Submissions will:
infringe on the intellectual property, trade secret, privacy, publicity, or other rights of others;
contain false statements or misrepresentations that could damage Info-Tech or any third party;
include obscene, libelous, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, sexually explicit, sexually oriented, profane, or embarrassing material, as determined by Info-Tech in its sole discretion;
be illegal or otherwise objectionable;
contain the personal information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers, and credit card numbers;
encourage or facilitate insider trading or anticompetitive behavior;
include commercial advertisements or solicitations; or
purport to or actually provide legal or professional advice.
Because Info-Tech's Web sites are available to the public, we cannot guarantee that User Submissions on Info-Tech's Web sites will remain confidential.
Although you are solely responsible for the content you provide and we do not have a policy of reviewing or monitoring all User Submissions, we reserve the right to pre-screen and/or monitor User Submissions. If we become aware of User Submissions that violate these Terms of Service or that we believe to be otherwise objectionable, we may reject or delete them, or take other action, without notice to you and in our sole discretion.
If you believe that any User Submissions appear to violate these Terms of Service, or if you believe any other user is engaged in illegal, harassing, or objectionable behavior, please contact us.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Info-Tech may access, preserve and disclose your account information and content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce these Terms; (iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Info-Tech, its users and the public.
5. Non-Disclosure of Confidential InformationIn consideration of, and reliance upon, the covenants of Company and Info-Tech herein contained, the parties have or will disclose to each other certain information (hereinafter referred to as "Confidential Information"), including, without limitation, information concerning future or proposed products, financial performance and projections, customers, employees, contracts, strategic relationships, marketing plans and business plans and other information disclosed by a party (the "Disclosing Party") to the other party (the "Receiving Party"). Information which is disclosed orally shall not be considered Confidential Information unless (i) it is identified as Confidential Information prior to such disclosure, and (ii) it is memorialized in writing within fifteen (15) days following such disclosure by the Disclosing Party. Information which is disclosed visually or in tangible form (whether by document, electronic media or other form) shall not be considered Confidential Information unless it is clearly marked as Confidential Information, whether disclosed orally, visually or in tangible form (whether by document, electronic media or other form). Information shall not be considered Confidential Information if:
It was in the public domain at the time of communication to the Receiving Party or is later placed in the public domain by the Disclosing Party;
It entered the public domain through no fault of the Receiving Party subsequent to the time of disclosure hereunder to the Receiving Party;
It was in the Receiving Party's possession free of any obligation of confidence prior to disclosure hereunder; or
It was developed by employees or agents of the Receiving Party independently of and without reference to any Confidential Information.
Except as provided herein, "Confidential Information" shall include, without limitation, proprietary, technical, marketing, operating, performance, cost, business pricing policies, programs, inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, techniques, processes, source code, unlinked object modules, computer programming techniques, and all record bearing media containing or disclosing such information and techniques disclosed pursuant to this Agreement. Information regarding current products shall be treated as non-"Confidential Information" unless marked "Confidential".
The Receiving Party shall not disclose, publish or communicate the Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party. However, the Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information to a third party who has a need to know the Confidential Information and (i) is an accountant, attorney, underwriter or advisor under a duty of confidentiality; or (ii) is under a written obligation of confidentiality at least as restrictive as this Agreement and to the extent required by law.
6. TermMany of the Services are "subscription" services that have a fixed Term and must be renewed in writing at the end of the term for services to continue. Contractual term of membership is generally one (1) to three (3) years in length and is agreed to by the parties in writing. Workshops purchased as part of membership expire without refund or credit at the end of the membership period covered by the purchase. Workshops purchased outside membership expire without refund or credit one (1) year after purchase. Info-Tech may terminate a User's access at any time if the User or the entity paying for the User's access violates the terms of use or subscription or any other agreement with Info-Tech.
7. Cancellation Info-Tech Services cannot be terminated by the User during a contractual term.
8. ChangesInfo-Tech may change or discontinue any aspect of its Services at any time, including content or features. Info-Tech also reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Services. Use of the Services after such changes shall be deemed to be acceptance by User of such changes. These terms were last revised on May 29, 2020.
9. Accuracy of Information and WarrantyThe information contained in the Services has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but Info-Tech does not warrant the completeness, timeliness or accuracy of any information contained in the Services. The Services are intended to: help identify business risks; provide insights based on industry research; and to help you focus on certain matters which may be affecting your business. Info-Tech does not provide legal, accounting or other professional advice, nor should any advice from Info-Tech be construed as such. We encourage you to seek professional advice whenever necessary.
Info-Tech expressly excludes and disclaims all express or implied conditions, representations and warranties including, without limitation, any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, to the extent allowable by law.
Although Info-Tech takes reasonable steps to screen Services for infection by viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code manifesting contaminating or destructive properties before making the Services available, Info-Tech cannot guarantee that any Service will be free of infection.
User assumes sole responsibility for the selection of the Services to achieve its intended results. The opinions expressed in the Services are subject to change without notice.
Info-Tech does not endorse third party products or services. Info-Tech assesses and analyzes the effectiveness and appropriateness of information technology in the context of a general business environment only unless specifically hired by a User to assess in the context of their own environment.
10. Limitation of LiabilityIn no event is Info-Tech liable for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive or other damages however caused, whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, operation of law or otherwise, (including without limitation damages for lost profits, business interruption or loss arising out of the use of or inability to use the Services, or any information provided in the Services, or claims attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Service or interpretations thereof), even if Info-Tech has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Info-Tech's total liability shall in no event exceed the amount paid by the User for the Service in question.
The User acknowledges that Info-Tech has set its prices and sold the Services to it in reliance on the limitations of liability and disclaimers of warranties and damages set forth herein, and that the same form a fundamental and essential basis of the bargain between the parties. They shall apply even if the contract between the User and Info-Tech is found to have failed in its fundamental or essential purpose or has been fundamentally breached.
11. Links to Third-Party SitesAny third-party sites that are linked to the Services are not under Info-Tech's control. Info-Tech is not responsible for anything on the linked sites, including without limitation any content, links to other sites, any changes to those sites, or any policies those sites may have. Info-Tech provides links as a convenience only and such links do not imply any endorsement by Info-Tech of those sites.12. Investment AdviceThe Services are not intended to be used for the purpose of, or as a basis for, making investment decisions or recommendations with respect to securities of any company or industry and Info-Tech assumes no liability for decisions made, in whole or in part, on the basis of any information contained in the Services.
13. Governing LawThis site and agreement are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, excluding any conflicts of law provisions and excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any legal action against Info-Tech shall take place in the courts of the Province of Ontario. The parties attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario.
14. Entire Agreement
These standard terms of use, together with any service agreements and statements of work, signed by the parties contains the complete and exclusive statement of agreement between the parties and supersedes all purchase order terms and conditions, understandings, proposals, negotiations, representations or warranties of any kind whether written or oral. These terms and conditions may not be modified except via written agreement signed by both parties.
15. PrivacyA User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to Info-Tech. See our Privacy Policy for more detail. The identity of our research clients is not considered personal or confidential information, and we may disclose that information for promotion and marketing purposes
16. Contact InformationAttn: General Counsel
Legal@infotech.com
Toll Free US: 1-888-670-8889Toll Free CAN: 1-844-618-3192International: +1-519-432-3550
Visit our COVID-19 Resource Center and our
Cost Management CenterOver 100 analysts waiting to take your call right now: 1-519-432-3550 x2019