https://www.baass.com/privacypolicy
PRIVACY POLICYBAASS' Privacy Policy and Legal Information.
PRIVACY POLICY
BAASS' web site collects information for the sole purpose of assisting and serving our customers and web site users to produce a user-friendly experience. We don't use tracking cookies, only session cookies. We do not share, sell or otherwise compromise the security of our customers information for any reason at all unless under subpoena by legal authority.Registering for an event or training course through us means that on occasion (less than twice per month), you may receive email from BAASS informing you of specials, latest updates and tips & tricks to help you leverage your Sage Accpac System.
LEGAL
This website is owned by BAASS Business Solutions Inc. All information on this site is for general information purposes only. Due to the changing nature of the industry, we do not make any warranties regarding the completeness, reliability and accuracy of the information present on this site. By browsing through our site you are complying to the terms and conditions, privacy policy, and legal agreements stated by our company. BAASS reserves the right to modify this page at any time with changes to the legal policy in place. Certain links on this site connect to external web sites maintained by third parties over whom BAASS Business Solutions Inc. has no control. BAASS Business Solutions Inc. makes no representations in regards to the accuracy or any other aspect of information contained in other web sites.Sage Software, the Sage Software logos, and the Sage Software product and service names mentioned herein are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sage Software, Inc., or its affiliated entities. All other trademarks are property of their respective owner.© 2013. All rights reserved. Please contact BAASS for further clarification on our legal policy. 1-866-260-5302.
.
Sitemap
Privacy/Legal
1200 Centre Street, Thornhill, ON, L4J 3M9
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
905-660-1285 or 1-888-650-5544
© 2018 BAASS Business Solutions Inc. All rights reserved.