http://www.dicentral.com/privacy-policy-for-european-viewers
Login
(+1 281.480.1121)
Close
Log in
+1 281.480.1121
About DiCentral
|
Contact|
Languages >
USA - English
Français
Deutsch
Chinese
Japanese
India - English
Home
Privacy Policy for European Viewers
Privacy Policy For European Viewers
June, 2020
1. An Overview of Data Protection
General
The following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data
when you visit this website. The term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For
detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we
have included beneath this copy.
Data recording on this website
Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the “controller”)?
The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section
“Information Required by Law” on this website.
How do we record your data?
We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into
our contact form.
Other data shall be recorded by our IT systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website
visit. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was
accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access this website.
What are the purposes we use your data for?
A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to
analyze your user patterns
What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any
time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or
eradicated. If you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall
affect all future data processing. Moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted
under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section “Information Required by Law” on
this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.
Analysis tools and tools provided by third parties
There is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit this website. Such analyses
are performed primarily with what we refer to as analysis programs.
For detailed information about these analysis programs please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.
2.	Hosting and Content Delivery Networks (CDN)
Cloudflare
We use the “Cloudflare” service provided by Cloudflare Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
(hereinafter referred to as “Cloudflare”).
Cloudflare offers a content delivery network with DNS that is available worldwide. As a result, the information transfer that
occurs between your browser and our website is technically routed via Cloudflare’s network. This enables Cloudflare to
analyze data transactions between your browser and our website and to work as a filter between our servers and potentially
malicious data traffic from the Internet. In this context, Cloudflare may also use cookies or other technologies deployed to
recognize Internet users, which shall, however, only be used for the herein described purpose.
The use of Cloudflare is based on our legitimate interest in a provision of our website offerings that is as error free and
secure as possible (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR).
For more information on Cloudflare’s security precautions and data privacy policies, please follow this link:
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/.
3.	General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your
personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data
Protection Declaration.
Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be
used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we
use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through e-mail communications) may be prone to
security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third party access.
Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)
The data processing controller on this website is
DiCentral GmbH
Fraunhoferstraße 9
85737 Ismaning
Phone: +49 89 45 30 40 – 0
E-mail: info-germany@dicentral.com
The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to
the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Designation of a data protection officer as mandated by law
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
Frank Dieffenbach
Frank Dieffenbach Beratung im Gesundheitswesen
Schloßwiese 3
D-67146 Deidesheim
Phone: +49 6326 982005
E-mail: privacy-germany@dicentral.com
Information on data transfer to the USA
Our website uses, in particular, tools from companies based in the USA. When these tools are active, your personal
information may be transferred to the US servers of these companies. We must point out that the USA is not a safe
third country within the meaning of EU data protection law. US companies are required to release personal data to
security authorities without you as the data subject being able to take legal action against this. The possibility
cannot therefore be excluded that US authorities (e.g. secret services) may process, evaluate and permanently store
your data on US servers for monitoring purposes. We have no influence over these processing activities.
Revocation of your consent to the processing of data
A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at
any time any consent you have already given us. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection
that occurred prior to your revocation.
Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 SECT. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME
OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO
ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE
CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA,
UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT
OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE
OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 1 GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME
OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO
PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL
SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 2 GDPR).
Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in
particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the
alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court
proceedings available as legal recourses.
Right to data portability
You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order
to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should
demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you
submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize
an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and
also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information about, rectification and eradication of data
Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your
archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also
have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other
questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section
“Information Required by Law.”
Right to demand processing restrictions
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned.
To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section “Information Required by Law.” The right to
demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to
verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict
the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the
restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements,
you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed
against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a
restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving –
may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the
rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European
Union or a member state of the EU.
Rejection of unsolicited e-mails
We herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be
provided in section “Information Required by Law” to send us promotional and information material that we have not
expressly requested. The operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the
event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via SPAM messages.
4.	Recording of data on this website
Cookies
Our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” Cookies are small text files that do not cause any
damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are
permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate
your visit. Permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them or they are automatically
eradicated by your web browser.
In some cases it is possible that third party cookies are stored on your device once you enter our site (third party cookies).
These cookies enable you or us to take advantage of certain services offered by the third party (e.g. cookies for the
processing of payment services).
Cookies have a variety of functions. Many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work
in the absence of the cookies (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). The purpose of other cookies may
be the analysis of user patterns or the display of promotional messages.
Cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions (required cookies) or for the
provision of certain functions you want to use (functional cookies, e.g. for the shopping cart function) or those that
are necessary for the optimization of the website (e.g. cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience),
shall be stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, unless a different legal basis is cited. The operator of the
website has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision
of the operator’s services. If your consent to the storage of the cookies has been requested, the respective cookies are
stored exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR); this consent may be revoked at
any time.
You have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to
permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases. You may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases
or in general or activate the delete function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes. If cookies
are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
In the event that third party cookies are used or if cookies are used for analytical purposes, we will separately notify
you in conjunction with this Data Protection Policy and, if applicable, ask for your consent.
Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files,
which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:
The type and version of browser used
The used operating system Referrer URL
The hostname of the accessing computer The time of the server inquiry
The IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest
in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. In order to achieve this,
server log files must be recorded.
Contact form
If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact
information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further
questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a
contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases the processing is based on our
legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your
agreement (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR) if this has been requested.
The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data,
revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer
exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory
legal provisions – in particular retention periods.
Request by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will
be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your
consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a
contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the data are processed on
the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR)
or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR) if it has been obtained.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to
the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory
provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.
5.	Social media
Facebook plug-ins (Like & Share button)
We have integrated plug-ins of the social network Facebook on this website. The provider of this service is Facebook
Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. According to Facebook’s statement the collected data will be
transferred to the USA and other third-party countries too.
You will be able to recognize Facebook plug-ins by the Facebook logo or the “Like” button on this website. An overview of
the Facebook plug-ins is available under the following link:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
Whenever you visit this website and its pages, the plug-in will establish a direct connection between your browser and the
Facebook server. As a result, Facebook will receive the information that you have visited this website with your plug-in.
However, if you click the Facebook “Like” button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content
of this website and its pages with your Facebook profile. As a result, Facebook will be able to allocate the visit to this
website and its pages to your Facebook user account. We have to point out, that we as the provider of the website do not
have any knowledge of the transferred data and its use by Facebook. For more detailed information, please consult the Data
Privacy Declaration of Facebook at:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.
If you do not want Facebook to be able to allocate your visit to this website and its pages to your Facebook user account,
please log out of your Facebook account while you are on this website.
The use of the Facebook plug-in is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest
in being as visible as possible on social media. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data shall
be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. This declaration of consent may be revoked at any
time.
Twitter plug-in
We have integrated functions of the social media platform Twitter into this website. These functions are provided by Twitter
Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. While you use Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function,
websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and disclosed to other users. During this process, data are
transferred to Twitter as well. We must point out, that we, the providers of the website and its pages do not know anything
about the content of the data transferred and the use of this information by Twitter. For more details, please consult
Twitter’s Data Privacy Declaration at: https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
The use of Twitter plug-ins is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest
in being as visible as possible on social media. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data shall
be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. This declaration of consent may be revoked at any
time.
You have the option to reset your data protection settings on Twitter under the account settings at
https://twitter.com/account/settings.
Instagram plug-in
We have integrated functions of the public media platform Instagram into this website. These functions are being offered
by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
If you are logged into your Instagram account, you may click the Instagram button to link contents from this website to
your Instagram profile. This enables Instagram to allocate your visit to this website to your user account. We have to
point out that we as the provider of the website and its pages do not have any knowledge of the content of the data
transferred and its use by Instagram.
Data are stored and analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest
in the highest possible visibility on social media. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data
will be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a DGDPR. Any such consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information on this subject, please consult Instagram’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.
LinkedIn plug-in
This website uses functions of the LinkedIn network. The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain
View, CA 94043, USA.
Any time you access a page of this website that contains functions of LinkedIn, a connection to LinkedIn’s servers is
established. LinkedIn is notified that you have visited this website with your IP address. If you click on LinkedIn’s
“Recommend” button and are logged into your LinkedIn account at the time, LinkedIn will be in a position to allocate your
visit to this website to your user account. We have to point out that we as the provider of the websites do not have any
knowledge of the content of the transferred data and its use by LinkedIn.
The use of the LinkedIn plug-in is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest
in being as visible as possible on social media. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data shall
be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. This declaration of consent may be revoked at any
time.
For further information on this subject, please consult LinkedIn’s Data Privacy Declaration at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
XING plug-in
This website uses functions of the XING network. The provider is the New Work SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany.
Any time one of our sites/pages that contains functions of XING is accessed, a connection with XING’s servers is
established. As far as we know, this does not result in the archiving of any personal data. In particular, the service
does not store any IP addresses or analyze user patterns.
Data are stored and analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in
the highest possible visibility on social media. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data will
be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a DGDPR. Any such consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information on data protection and the XING share button please consult the Data Protection Declaration of Xing at:
https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection.
6.	Analysis tools and advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland
Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyze the behavior patterns of website visitors. To that end, the
website operator receives a variety of user data, such as pages accessed, time spent on the page, the utilized operating
system and the user’s origin. Google may consolidate these data in a profile that is allocated to the respective user or
the user’s device.
Google Analytics uses technologies that make the recognition of the user for the purpose of analyzing the user behavior
patterns (e.g. cookies or device fingerprinting). The website use information recorded by Google is, as a rule transferred
to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.
This analysis tool is used on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate
interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operator’s advertising
activities. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g. an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing
takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
IP anonymization
On this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by
Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the
European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one
of Google’s servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of
this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website
activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website
and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged
with other data in Google’s possession.
Browser plug-in
You can prevent the recording and processing of your data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin
available under the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Google’s Data Privacy
Declaration at: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Contract data processing
We have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the
German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.
Archiving period
Data on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g.
DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 month. For details please click
the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=en.
Hotjar
This website utilizes Hotjar. The provider is Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street,
St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe (website: https://www.hotjar.com).
Hotjar is a tool used to analyze your user patterns on this website. Hotjar allows us to for instance record your mouse and
scroll movements as well as your click. During this process, Hotjar also has the capability to determine how long your
cursor remained in a certain position. Based on this information, Hotjar compiles so-called Heatmaps, that make possible
to determine which parts of the website the website visitor reviews with preference.
We are also able to determine how long you have stayed on a page of this website and when you left. We can also determine
at which point you suspended making entries into a contact form (so-called conversion funnels).
Furthermore, Hotjar can be deployed to obtain direct feedback from website visitors. This function aims at the improvement
of the website offerings of the website operator.
Hotjar uses technologies that make it possible to recognize the user for the purpose of analyzing the user patterns (e.g.
cookies or the deployment of device fingerprinting).
The use of this analysis tool is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the
analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operator’s web offerings and advertising. If a corresponding agreement
has been requested (e.g. an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of
Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
Deactivation of Hotjar
If you would like to deactivate the recording of data by Hotjar, please click on the link below and follow the
instructions provided under the link: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out.
Please keep in mind that you will have to separately deactivate Hotjar for every browser and every device.
For more detailed information about Hotjar and the data to be recorded, please consult the Data Privacy Declaration
of Hotjar under the following link: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.
Contract data processing
We have entered into a contract data processing agreement with Hotjar to implement the stringent European Data
Protection Regulations.
Google Ads
The website operator uses Google Ads. Google Ads is an online promotional program of Google Ireland Limited (“Google”),
Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Ads enables us to display ads in the Google search engine or on third party websites, if the user enters certain
search terms into Google (keyword targeting). It is also possible to place targeted ads based on the user data Google has
in its possession (e.g. location data and interests; target group targeting). As the website operator, we can analyze
these data quantitatively, for instance by analyzing which search terms resulted in the display of our ads and how many
ads led to respective clicks.
The use of Google Ads is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. et seq. GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in
marketing the operator’s services and products as effectively as possible.
Google Remarketing
This website uses the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing. The provider of these solutions is Google Ireland Limited
(“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Remarketing analyzes your user patterns on our website (e.g. clicks on specific products), to allocate a certain
advertising target groups to you and to subsequently display matching online offers to you when you visit other online
offers (remarketing or retargeting).
Moreover, it is possible to link the advertising target groups generated with Google Remarketing to device encompassing
functions of Google. This makes it possible to display interest-based customized advertising messages, depending on your
prior usage and browsing patterns on a device (e.g. cell phone) in a manner tailored to you as well as on any of your
devices (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have a Google account, you have the option to object to personalized advertising under the following link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
The use of Google Remarketing is based on Art. 6 1 lit. et seq. GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the
marketing of the operator’s products that is as effective as possible. If a respective declaration of consent was requested,
processing shall occur exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR; the given consent may be revoked at any
time.
For further information and the pertinent data protection regulations, please consult the Data Privacy Policies of Google at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.
Google Conversion-Tracking
This website uses Google Conversion Tracking. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
With the assistance of Google Conversion Tracking we are in a position to recognize whether the user has completed certain
actions. For instance, we can analyze the how frequently which buttons on our website have been clicked and which products
are reviewed or purchased with particular frequency. The purpose of this information is to compile conversion statistics.
We learn how many users have clicked on our ads and which actions they have completed. We do not receive any information
that would allow us to personally identify the users. Google as such uses cookies or comparable recognition technologies for
identification purposes.
We use Google Conversion Tracking on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. et seq. GDPR. The operator of the website has a
legitimate interest in the analysis of the user patterns with the aim of optimizing both, the operator’s web presentation
and advertising. If a respective declaration of consent was requested (e.g. concerning the storage of cookies), processing
shall occur exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR; the given consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google Conversion Tracking, please review Google’s data protection policy at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
7.	Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an e-mail address as well
as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and consent to the receipt of
the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data
only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.
The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your
consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the e-mail address
and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the “Unsubscribe”
link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken
place to date.
The data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from
the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe
from the newsletter. Data stored for other purposes with us remain unaffected.
After you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter
service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and
not merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when
sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). The storage in the blacklist
is indefinite. You may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
8.	Plug-ins and Tools
YouTube with expanded data protection integration
Our website embeds videos of the website YouTube. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House,
Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
We use YouTube in the expanded data protection mode. According to YouTube, this mode ensures that YouTube does not store
any information about visitors to this website before they watch the video.
Nevertheless, this does not necessarily mean that the sharing of data with YouTube partners can be ruled out as a result
of the expanded data protection mode. For instance, regardless of whether you are watching a video, YouTube will always
establish a connection with the Google DoubleClick network.
As soon as you start to play a YouTube video on this website, a connection to YouTube’s servers will be established. As a
result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged into your YouTube
account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile.
You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
Furthermore, after you have started to play a video, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device or
comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). In this way YouTube will be able to obtain information
about this website’s visitors. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim
of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud.
Under certain circumstances, additional data processing transactions may be triggered after you have started to play a
YouTube video, which are beyond our control.
The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6
Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. If a corresponding agreement has been requested, the processing takes
place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google Web Fonts (local embedding)
This website uses so-called Web Fonts provided by Google to ensure the uniform use of fonts on this site. These Google fonts
are locally installed so that a connection to Google’s servers will not be established in conjunction with this
application.
For more information on Google Web Fonts, please follow this link:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and consult Google’s Data
Privacy Declaration under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
9.	Custom Services
Job Applications
We offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g. via e-mail, via postal services on by
submitting the online job application form). Below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data
collected from you in conjunction with the application process. We assure you that the collection, processing and use of
your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that
your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.
Scope and purpose of the collection of data
If you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g. contact and communications data,
application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the
establishment or an employment relationship. The legal grounds for the aforementioned are § 26 New GDPR according to German
Law (Negotiation of an Employment Relationship), Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR (General Contract Negotiations) and – provided
you have given us your consent – Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You may revoke any consent given at any time. Within our
company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job
application.
If your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of § 26
New GDPR and Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing
system.
Data Archiving Period
If we are unable to make you a job offer or you reject a job offer or withdraw your application, we reserve the right to
retain the data you have submitted on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR) for up to 6 months
from the end of the application procedure (rejection or withdrawal of the application).
Afterwards the data will be deleted, and the physical application documents will be destroyed. The storage serves in
particular as evidence in the event of a legal dispute. If it is evident that the data will be required after the expiry
of the 6-month period (e.g. due to an impending or pending legal dispute), deletion will only take place when the purpose
for further storage no longer applies.
Longer storage may also take place if you have given your agreement (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR) or if statutory data retention
requirements preclude the deletion.
Admission to the applicant pool
If we do not make you a job offer, you may be able to join our applicant pool. In case of admission, all documents and
information from the application will be transferred to the applicant pool in order to contact you in case of suitable
vacancies.
Admission to the applicant pool is based exclusively on your express agreement (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). The submission
agreement is voluntary and has no relation to the ongoing application procedure. The affected person can revoke his agreement
at any time. In this case, the data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted, provided there are no legal reasons
for storage.
The data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted no later than two years after consent has been granted.
Our Clients. Their Stories.
DiCentral has enabled us to work with companies that we may not have been able to work with in the past. We can also support
dropship by leveraging DiCentral’s dropship EDI capabilities.
– LeeAnn Taylor
Customer Relations Manager
Vibram USA, Inc.
SEE MORE SUCCESS STORIES
WHITE PAPERS
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
LEARN MORE
The State of Dropship
FOUR OUT OF FIVE
retailers have compliance requirements for dropship order fulfillment
Developed by RCVF, distributed by DiCentral.
GET STARTED NOW
READ STUDY
CONTACT DICENTRAL TODAY & IMPROVE YOUR BUSINESS
Your browser does not support the video tag.
×Close