http://www.elara.ie/privacy.aspx
Inc. Vat
Exc. Vat
Not Logged InLogin/Register
Daily Deals
View Cart Checkout Contact Us
Wishlist
Help
Item added to basket
You have added :
in your basket
View Cart Checkout
Items
:
0   |
Total
: €0.00
(Enter Product Code, Manufacturer, Category or Description)
Computers
Components
Electronics
Networking
Peripherals
Software
Consumables
All iPads
All HP Notebooks
Samsung Tablets
All-in-one PCs
Core i3 Notebooks
Core i5 Notebooks
Touchscreen Notebooks
Portables
Laptops / Notebooks
Touchscreen Laptops/Slate
Web Tablets
Handhelds/Scanner
Computers
All Computers
Personal Computers
BareBone system
Workstations
ServersMore...
Other / POS Terminal
Laptop Accessories
Notebook Cases
Notebook Batteries
Notebook Power Adapter
Docking / Replicator
Security/ StandsMore...
Bundles / Kits
Notebook Carts
Notebook Accessories
Tablet Accessories
Tablet Cases
Tablet Screen Protector
Tablet Stylus
Tablet Mounts/Carts
Tablet PrivacyMore...
Other Accessories
Other Accessories
Handheld/Barcode Batteries
Handheld/Barcode Accessories
Other Expansion Ports
Server Options
Handheld Accesorries
Cases/PSU & Cooling
Casing
PSU
Cooling
Casing Accessories
PSU Accessories
CPU/Processors
All Processors
Intel Desktop Processor
AMD Desktop Processor
Intel Xeon
AMD Opteron
Memory
Memory Configurator
Generic Desktop
Generic Laptop
Flash Cards
USB Flash DriveMore...
Card Readers
System Specific
Read-Only Memory
Motherboards
All Motherboard
Intel Desktop Motherboards
AMD Desktop
Motherboards
Atom/ITX Motherboards
Xeon MotherboardMore...
Opteron Motherboard
Multimedia Cards
Video Card Accessories
All Video Card
PCI Express Video Card
PCI Video Card
Sound CardsMore...
TV Cards
Other Video Card
Optical/Floppy Drives
All Optical Drives
CD/DVD/BD Drives
Zip/REV Writers
Tape Drives
Other Drives
Storage
All Hard Disks
SATA Desktop Hard Disks
Solid State Drive
Laptop Hard Disks
External Hard Disks
More Storage
NAS/Network Hard Disks
Raid Arrays
SCSI Hard Disks
Fibre Channel Hard Disks
Storage Options
Storage Adapters / Controllers
Storage Enclosures
Hard Disks Other Options
Raid Arrays Accessories
IO/Controllers
Adapters
Controller Cards
Canon EOS Cameras
Mobile Phone Cases
Web Tablet Cases
Cameras
IP/Network Cameras
Web Cameras
Action Cameras
Digital Cameras
CamcorderMore...
Dashboard Cameras
Camera Accessories
Lenses
Camera Mounts
Camera Cases
Camera/Camcorder Accessories
Phones
Mobile Phones
IP Phones
Mobile Accessories
Mobile Phone Privacy
Mobile Phone Cases
Car Holder
Phone Screen Protector
Portable Audio
MP3 Player
iPod Accessories
Portable Player Cases
Digital Audio Player
Wearables
Wearables
Watch Straps
Gaming
Gaming Devices
Headset/Headphone
Home AV
Television
Screen Mounts
DVD/Blu-ray Players
Recorders NVR
Home Audio / Media BoxMore...
3D Glasses
In Car and GPS
GPS
GPS Accessories
GPS Cases
Handsfree Kit / Bluetooth
Home Systems
Home Automation
Door Lock
Others
Batteries
Battery Charger/Adapt/Acc
Power Banks
Power-Accessories
Remote ControlMore...
Binoculars
Calculators
Accessories
Others
Screen Protectors
Stylus
Tablet/Phone/GPS etc Cases
Mobile Display Privacy
Cable/Adapter Wizard
Cisco Routers
Sonicwall firewalls
Homeplugs
Cabinets & Tools
Networking Tools
Patch Panels
Cabinet Options
Cabinet/Rack
Cables
Network Cables
Cable/Adapter Configurator
Modems
All Modems
Network Adapters
All Network Cards/Adapters
PCI Cards/Adapters
PCMCIA Cards/Modules
Other Adapters
USB Cards/Adapters
Network Devices
Access Points
Other Network Devices
VPN/Firewall/Security
VoIP Gateway/Adapter
AntennaMore...
Media Converters
Print Servers
Power Protection
Power Strips/Adapters
Surge Protection
UPS Accessories
Uninteruptable Power Supply
Routers & Bridges
All Routers
Wireless Routers
Wired Routers
Gateway Routers
BridgesMore...
Other Routers
Switches, Hubs & KVMs
All Hubs
All Switches
KVM Switch
KVM Cables
Other HubsMore...
Splitters
Switch Accessories
Video Conference
Video Conferencing
Repeaters & Tranceivers
Repeaters & Tranceivers
Cable/Adapter Wizard
Cisco Routers
Sonicwall firewalls
Homeplugs
Cables
Cable/Adapter Configurator
Network Cables
USB/Firewire Cables
Power Cables
Audio/Video CablesMore...
More Audio/Video Cables
Storage Cables
Serial/Parallel Cables
Monitor Cables
Phone/Modem/ISDN Cables
Other Cables
Office Products
All Office Products
Office Cleaning
Office Bits n Bobs
Office Security
Laminators
Cable Accessories
Cable Adapters
Cable Connectors
Cable gender converters
Monitors
TFT/LCD/LED Monitor
Large LCD/Plasma Displays
3D Glasses
Display Mounts
Multiple Peripheral Display MountsMore...
Display Accessories
Office Products
All Office Products
Office Cleaning
Office Bits n Bobs
Office Security
Laminators
Printers, Scanners, Fax
Laser Printers
Multi-Function / Fax
Scanner
InkJet Printers
Fax Machines
More Printers
Photo Printers
Dot Matrix Printers
Large Format Printers
Label Printers
Other Printers
Printer/Scanner Accessories
Toner/Acc Configurator
Printer Maintenance/Parts
Printer Toner/Ink
Scanner Accessories
Input Devices
All Input Devices
Keyboards
Pointing Device/Mouse
Keyboard/Mouse Combo
MicrophonesMore...
Keypads
Digital Pens / Stylus
Digitizers / Graphics Tablets
Keyboard/Mouse Accessories
Whiteboards
Whiteboard Accessories
Input Adapters and Cables
Barcode Readers
Barcode Reader Accessories
Speakers & Headsets
Headset/Headphone
Speakers
Projectors
All Projectors
DLP Projectors
LCD Projectors
Other Projectors
Visualisers
Projector Accessories
Presenters
Projector Mounts
Projector Screens / Acc
Projector Accessories
Business & Finance
All Business/Office
Business Software
Office Suites/Licenses
Office Utilities
Database & Programming
All Database/Programming
Database Software/Tools
Programming Software/Tools
Graphics & Media
All Graphics/Media Software
Graphics/Image Editing
Media/Video Editing
Web Design/Publishing
Network and Comms
All Home/Ref Software
Network/Backup Software
Comms Software
Operating Systems
All Operating systems
Windows PC OS
Windows Server OS
Mac OS
Linux OSMore...
Other OS
Security & Anti-Virus
All Security Software
Other Security Software
Security Suites
Anti Virus
Training & Documentation
Microsoft Press Documentation
Educational Software
Reference Software
Computer Based Training
Other Software
Other Licenses
Games
Media
BlueRay Media
CD/DVD Media
AV Media
Backup Tapes
Other Media
Printer Consumables
Toner Configurator
Printer Paper
Cards, labels and stickers
Printer Ribbon
Film and LaminateMore...
Specialty Media
Others
CD/DVD Cases
Media/Drive Cleaning
Warranty
Extended Warranty (Non HP)
HP Support/Warranty
General Accessories
General Accessories
Uncategorized Products
Uncategorized
Home>Help » Shopping Guide
Help Topics
Help Homepage
Shopping Guide
My Account
My Order
Privacy and Security
Payment Options
Delivery
Returns Issues
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
This help section is designed to answer your query as quickly as possible. Should you be unable to find the answer to your question you may contact the relevant department using the email addresses in the Contacts section or speak to one of our sales reps using the live chat below. You can find us using this Location Map.
Quick Links
Unsubscribe from Specials Email
Subscribe to Specials Email
Edit cookie preference.
Privacy Policy
Safe Shopping @ elara.ie
Contacting our Customers
EFFECTIVE 24/05/2018
1 Introduction
Thank you for using Elara Online. We at Elara take your privacy seriously, and we strive to ensure that your personal information always be safe. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we collect and use any personal information we collect from you and how you can control the use of this information.
All personal information is protected by local and national data protection and privacy laws. When you agree to our policy and disclose your personal information using Elara Online's Web Systems, you consent to the collection, storage, disclosure, processing, use and transfer of your personal information where necessary and if required by Elara Online, our data processors, our payment processors, financial institutions or fraud-risk management authorities. We collect, use and retain information about you only if we reasonably believe it is justified, required and useful to conduct our business effectively. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy you should not use this website and/or our services.
Change to Data Protection & GDPR
The law in relation to data protection is changing with effect from 25th May 2018. This Privacy Notice has been updated for new guests registering with effect from May 2018 to reflect your new rights and for existing customers to update how we process your personal data.
Please read through this Privacy Policy fully understand the basis upon which we collect, use and store your personal data and to whom it is disclosed.
Elara Online will always keep your data safe and comply with applicable data protection legislation.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the use of your personal information, or if you wish to request us to stop using your information in any way, please write to:
Data Protection Officer
Elara Online
37 Canal Walk
Parkwest
Dublin 12
Ireland
Email: info [at] elara.ie
Tel: 01-6251320
(Registered company number in Ireland: 413151)
The above lists the Owner, Operator and Data Controller (within the meaning of data protection laws applicable) of this website. References in this notice to "we" or "us" are to the above.
2 Your rights
By law, you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner.
Rights Explanation
right to be informed: You have the right to know what personal data is being collected, our identity and your data protection rights.
right of access: You have the right to request and obtain access to your personal data.
right of rectification: Should you feel your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to have the data rectified.
right of erasure: Also known as the 'right to be forgotten', you have the right to have your data erased where there is no reasonable explanation for Elara Online to continue to hold it.
right of data portability: The right to transfer your Data in an electronic and structured form to you or to another party
right to object to email marketing: You have the right to object to email marketing which is only done by explicit consent by you.
right to restrict processing: You have a limited right of restriction of processing of your personal data by Elara. In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your Data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. Once Elara Online have received notification that you wish to withdraw your consent, we will stop processing your information for the purpose you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so by law.
In order to enable you to exercise these rights and to record your preferences in relation to how Elara Online uses your personal data, we provide you with access to your personal data via your Account Settings which can be accessed from this LINK
3 What personal data do we collect
Aggregated Information: The Elara Online website automatically gathers statistical information such as IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit and frequency. This information is only used in the aggregate and individuals cannot be identified from it. This information helps us to measure how individuals use the Elara Online website and our services, so that we may continually improve them.
Personal Information: Elara Online requires personal information from you which may include your name, postal address, delivery addresses, telephone number and email address. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
The account data you provide to us during the registration and order checkout processes and any personal data you provide when updating your registration details include:
Your billing details: Name, Address, Contact Numbers.
Your delivery details: Name, Address, Contact Numbers.
Other Details: Email Addresses, Password(Encrypted)
Payment details: Your payment details are processed directly by Realex Payments(A division of Global Payments) and AIB Merchant Services.
4 The purpose for which we hold your information
The lawful grounds for processing your personal data are:
To fulfil your order and provide the services you request (performance of contract)
To contact you regarding your order or to respond to any communications you might send to us
To administer our website
To send you promotional and/or review emails if you have expicitly opted to receive them.
To keep a history of the products you have ordered from us.
To Facilitate live chat
To Process payment (processed by Realex Payments)
Capture feedback reviews if you wish to leave a review (Trustpilot)
To send you restock email notifications if you have explicitly requested them.
In addition, we use your personal data:
So you can track deliveries.
So you can keep a history of the order information and products you have ordered from us.
Automated decision-making
We will use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making in relation to selecting content to display to you within our websites and applications and notifications in emails.
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the Ireland and hosted on servers located in Ireland.
5 Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We may disclose your personal data to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of providing our services to you and for the completion of contracts entered into by you through our websites and applications. A full list of these suppliers or contracts can be obtained by contacting us directly.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Realex Paymenets and AIB Merchant Services . We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at their websites.
We may disclose your enquiry data and transaction data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can complete the service for which you have contracted. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data and transaction data that we supply to it;
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 5, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
6 International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 6, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
The hosting facilities for our website is situated in Ireland.
Our Email Service Providers servers are situated in United States of America, our Customer Service Software provider is situated in the United States, our analytics providers are situated in the United States of America. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from by contacting us.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
7 About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
shopping cart - we use cookies to maintain the state of your shopping cart as you navigate our website;
personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you;
security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you. We may also use cookies for Ads personalisation by Google, details on how this information is used can be found here https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites . You may opt out of this in your cookie preferences
analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services and for historical research.
cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used for historical research. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
This is a necessary cookie.
We use Google Ads personalisation for ad remarketing, details on how this information is used can be found here https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
You may opt out of this in your cookie preferences.
We use Facebook to provide Log in Services. This service uses cookies for the purpose of permitting you to log into your account. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation. This is a necessary cookie if you choose to login with facebook.
We store third party social cookies if you share content on our site with your twitter, pinterest facebook or google account using the social share buttons.
This is a necessary cookie if you share content from our site using a social media platform.
Other necessary third party cookies include Cnet, flixmedia and testfreaks used for product descriptions, specifications and reviews, purechat used for chat services and fraud prevention.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. Please check your browsers help documentation.
8 Making a request
We are required by law to act on requests and provide information free of charge, except where your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive (in particular because of their repetitive nature) in which case we may charge a reasonable fee (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication, or taking the action requested), or refuse to act on the request.
9 Contacting us
If you need to contact us for any reason (including to exercise any of your rights in relation to data protection as set out above) please send us your request using the details here.
10 Changes To This Notice
Elara Online reserves the right to alter or amend its data protection and privacy statement from time to time in its sole discretion.
At Elara Online we take our security seriously, Elara Online is Fully PCI Compliant and adhere to strict security standard laid out by Visa, MasterCard and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). This standard has very strict and detailed requirements to everything from the physical locks on our server rooms to the encryption on the pages where credit card information is entered.
Please see below for Elara Compliance Statement
More information can be found at: http://www.visaeurope.com/aboutvisa/security/ais/main.jsp.
www.elara.ie is tested and certified daily to pass the "McAfee Secure" Security Scan. To help address concerns about possible hacker access to your confidential data, and the safety of visiting this site, the "live" McAfee Secure mark appears only when this site passes the daily McAfee Secure tests.
We go beyond the requirements of the PCI DSS and require that every credit card authorization is protected with the Verified by Visa/MasterCard SecureCode authentication schemes. This ensures that the person using a credit card actually is the person he claims to be. This protects you from having your credit card misused at our web shop and protects us from fraudulent transactions.
All transfer of sensitive information in the checkout pages are secured by comodo 128Bit SSL. Your password stored in our database is encryted with a one-way hash and cannot be decrypted to ensure highest levels of security.
In keeping with our policies as an electronic retailer, Elara Online use email as a primary form of communication. It is very important to insure your registered email address is up to date. You can change the email address at any time. To find out how; go to the Help Section and see Your Account > Changing Email or Password.
Elara Online will soon be closing our Customer Service phone lines, once we do this, all CS queries from customers must be submitted by email to customerservices@elara.ie
Back to Top
** No Walk-in Sales
Extreme Computers Ltd.
37 Canal Walk,
Parkwest Ind Est,
Dublin 12,
Ireland
Tel : 353 1 6251320
Email : info At Elara Dot ie
Company No: 413151
Vat No: IE 6433151O
WEEE Reg: 00875WB.
All product/company names and logos are for identification purposes only and are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. E&OE.
Help / FAQ
About Us
Delivery Info
My Account
Payment Methods
My Order
Contact Us
Returns Issues
Security / Policies
Privacy Policy
Contacting our customers
Payment before processing
Terms and Conditions
Website Terms of Use
WEEE Information