http://www.classroll.net/privacy.html
Call 1-877-686-2167 Ext 2
HomeProducts & SolutionsWorld-Class HostingAbout UsContact UsLogin
Privacy Policy
Classroll.com Privacy Statement
Classroll.com is committed to protecting the security and privacy of our users. Please read the following to understand
our policies on information gathering and dissemination practices.
Use of your Personally Identifiable Information:  No personally identifiable information will be collected
without specific consent. In certain cases you may choose to give us personal information about yourself, such as your name,
address, name of school, job title, and email address. We may from time to time send you email announcements of new Classroll.com
products and services. The policy may be updated occasionally so please check back periodically.
To ensure our members' privacy and the security of their information, Classroll.com has taken the following precautions:
We will never sell or share any personal information with any person or organization outside of Classroll.com. Classroll.com
will never sell or otherwise distribute individual personal information to direct marketers or any other parties such as:
Name, mailing address, e-mail address, and home phone number.
Classroll.com accounts are password-protected. Members are responsible for maintaining the security of passwords.
Classroll.com does not sell advertising on the Classroll.com website.
Classroll.com complies with COPPA (Child Online Privacy Protection Act) rules. See Children's Guidelines below. We do
not allow children under 13 to provide any direct personally identifiable information (for example, name address, or school
information); all such information will be collected solely from teachers and/or administrators. Such personal information
provided by teachers and/or parents will be available only to the teacher and administrator, the student, and the student's
parent or guardian.
Our Login and Setup requires users to give us contact information, unique identifiers, and demographic information. We
use this contact information to send the user information about our company and to contact the user when necessary. We also
send the user service announcement updates. Members are not able to UN-subscribe from service announcements, which contain
important information about the services on Classroll.com. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and
in regards to issues relating to their account via e-mail or phone. Unique identifiers are used to verify the user's identity
and are NEVER shared or sold to third parties.
Classroll.com will in no event knowingly and directly ask any student for any personally identifiable information either
online or offline, nor will it require any such information for a student to use or access the Site.
In order to assist the teacher, school and/or school district (collectively, the "School") in school administration and
to track its students' progress, this Site, at the School's sole option, allows the School (not the student) to input the
students' names. It is up to the School to register students to give them access to this Site. Upon the School's registration
of a student, this Site will assign a unique user identification and password (passwords may be changed by the School) for
such student. The School will then notify the student of his/her user identification and password to enable the student to
gain access to this Site.
The School District and or school, and not Classroll.com, solely controls, defines and manages the collection, disclosure,
communication and management of all data, including personal data on this Service.
The entry of all identifiable student personal data or assessment data is the School's responsibility and Classroll.com
assumes no responsibility to enter, collect, or review any such data.
Only administrators and educational personnel can change student information within our site. We allow no way for a student
to change or add to the information in the service.
IP ADDRESSES. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider.
The Service may collect IP addresses, the associated URLs, domain types, the browser type used to access the Service, the
country, state and telephone area code where the users' Internet service provider's servers are located, the pages of the
Service that users view during their visit and any search terms entered on the Service. Collection of IP addresses is generally
for system administration purposes, to gather broad demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on the Service
and for security reasons. Personally identifiable information may be linked to IP addresses to protect the security or integrity
of the Service.
COOKIES. The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry. Cookies are small text files that a website transfers
to your computer's web browser. Cookie technology tells the website non-personally identifiable information, but does identify
your computer, browser and Internet specifications. This Service uses cookies to measure traffic patterns, personalize content
and control security.
Classroll.com may contain links to other sites. Classroll.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of other Web sites.
Classroll.com reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Statement,
simply by posting such change, update or modification herein. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately
upon posting herein.
Children's Privacy Information
Classroll.com is committed to the privacy and safety of children. We want you and your family to be safe while visiting
our Internet site. This is why we have established the following guidelines for the way we interact with children when they
access our services.
In compliance with COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we will never knowingly request Personally Identifiable
Information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting verifiable parental consent.
Classroll.com will NOT collect online contact information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior parental consent
or parental notification.
Classroll.com will NOT collect personally identifiable off-line contact information from anyone under the age of 13 without
prior parental consent.
Classroll.com will NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
of 13 without prior parental consent.
Classroll.com will NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information
from anyone under the age of 13 without prior parental consent.
Classroll.com will NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity to divulge more information
than is needed to participate in the activity.
If you have any questions or concerns about the statement, please contact us at 1-877-686-2167 or at the address below.
Classroll.com P.O. Box 303 Shawnee, OK 74802-0303
Copyright 2009, Classroll.com. All rights reserved.    |    Privacy Policy