http://www.dialogic.com/company/privacy
Privacy Policy
Home
Company
SHARE
1. Policy Statement
2. What Is covered by this Policy
3. Collection, Purpose and Use of Personal Data
4. Cross-border Transfers of Data and Sharing Your Data with Third Parties
5. Choice to review, update, remove Personal Data; unsubscribing/updating your Dialogic email preferences
6. Length of Time Data is Stored
7. Enforcement
8. Security
9. Chat Rooms
10. Notice to European Users
11. Children’s Privacy
12. Do Not Track
13. Updates to this Privacy Policy
14. Contact us
1. Policy Statement
Dialogic Corporation and its affiliates and subsidiaries ("Dialogic", "we" or "our" or “us”) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses our electronic data practices, including what type of data is collected and by whom, how the data is used, with whom the data is shared, and your choices with respect to your privacy.
2. What Is covered by this Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable worldwide and covers how Dialogic treats Personal Data (defined below) collected about you through our websites and offline.  “Personal Data” is anything that could be used to identify you including, but not limited to, your name, company name, address, email, or phone number.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites that you visit by clicking on links appearing on our web pages. We do not control, endorse or make any representations about third-party websites, whose privacy practices may differ from ours.
3. Collection, Purpose and Use of Personal Data
When you visit Dialogic's web sites, email Dialogic, or visit Dialogic at a tradeshow or other in-person event, Dialogic gathers a limited amount of Personal Data from you that you voluntarily submit to us.  The Personal Data may be submitted to us in person and/or when you email us, plus any other information contained in your email or electronic communications that you otherwise submit to Dialogic's web sites.  Personal Data can also be collected by if Dialogic requests information from you that you have the option whether or not to provide to Dialogic.  Dialogic uses Personal Data to improve and facilitate your use of Dialogic's web sites and for internal business purposes, such as: responding to your inquiries or requests, customizing Dialogic's web sites for you, improving our product selection and communicating with you about Dialogic® products and services or your transactions. In addition, Dialogic may now or in the future employ software that determines anonymizes your Personal Data and aggregates usage data on Dialogic's web sites. Such data does not include any Personal Data and is only used to improve Dialogic's web sites.
If you register with Dialogic on Dialogic's web sites, you will be deemed to have consented to the collection, use, transfer, export and retention of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. If you opt to register, Dialogic may create a profile that includes a login and password that will be issued to you. Dialogic may track the login and password to manage your access to Dialogic's web sites and to determine the number of times you have logged onto Dialogic's web sites. During the registration process, Dialogic may also ask for additional information. If that occurs, such additional information will be designated as optional and will not be required in order to complete the registration process. Optional information may vary in content and purpose, but generally is designed to enable Dialogic to learn more about those who already use or may be interested in using Dialogic® products and/or services.
Dialogic also allows product registrations to occur via Dialogic's web sites. In furtherance thereof, we may require that you provide your product(s) serial number(s), build code(s) and/or version number(s). This information is not gathered by Dialogic without your knowledge and active permission and participation.
Dialogic also may use your IP address for purposes such as to analyze traffic patterns on and to administer Dialogic's web sites and to help diagnose potential problems with our servers. Dialogic's web sites (and certain third-party web-sites and vendors associated with Dialogic) also may use so-called "cookies", a piece of data stored on your hard drive for purposes including, but not necessarily limited to, recognizing you during your visit(s) to Dialogic's web sites and so that you will not have to enter contact information repeatedly and/or for remarketing purposes.  Visit https://www.dialogic.com/company/cookies to see Dialogic’s Cookies Policy.
4. Cross-border Transfer of Data and Sharing Your Data with Third Parties
Dialogic may contract with third parties to obtain email addresses of persons who Dialogic believes are likely to be interested in Dialogic® products or services. Dialogic may also use third party sources of information to qualify clients, potential clients, resellers and distributors.  Should this occur, the handling of this information shall be subject to the same level of privacy protection as provided by Dialogic.
Personal Data maintained by Dialogic may be transferred to facilities of Dialogic and authorized third parties, which may be located in the United States or other countries.  Whether such cross-border transfer of your data will occur will depend on your location, the nature of your request and the location of our data processing center.  If you are located in a country with data privacy laws governing data collection and use, please note that by submitting your Personal Data to us for the purpose of processing your request, you are consenting and permitting the transfer of your data, including Personal Data, to countries that may not have the same data protection laws as your own country.
Under certain limited circumstances, Dialogic may share Personal Data with certain third parties, as set forth below:
• Agents and Service Providers:  Dialogic, like many other companies, may, from time to time, hire other companies to perform certain functions, for example, (e)mailing brochures or newsletters.  When Dialogic employs another company to perform functions of such nature, Dialogic only provides such companies with the information they need to complete the task and requires them not to share the information with others or use that information for other purposes.
Business Transfers:  As Dialogic develops its business, it might sell or buy businesses or assets or be sold to, acquired by or merged with another company.  In such transactions, Personal Data may be among the transferred business assets.
• Protection of Dialogic and Others:  Dialogic may release Personal Data when it believes that such release is appropriate to comply with law, court order or other legal or governmental process; to protect, assert, or defend the rights, property or safety of its users, Dialogic or others; or to enforce its Privacy Policy and other agreements. In addition, Dialogic may exchange Personal Data with other organizations for purposes of fraud protection or credit risk reduction.
5. Choice to review, update, remove Personal Data and Enforcement; unsubscribing/updating your Dialogic email preferences
It is important that you are aware of the following rights you have in your Personal Data:
• The right to be informed about how your Personal Data is being used by us;
• The right to access the Personal Data that we maintain about you;
• The right to request the correction of inaccurate Personal Data we maintain about you;
• The right to request that we delete your Personal Data, or stop processing or collecting it;
• The right to stop direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time; and
• If located in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the right to complain to your data protection regulator.
Dialogic strives to keep Personal Data accurately recorded to ensure that information is reliable for its intended use, complete, and current. Should you want to exercise any of your rights in your Personal Data, such as updating, correcting, or removing your Personal Data, you may submit your request to Dialogic’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@dialogic.com.  Note that if you request removal of your Personal Data, some residual Personal Data may continue to reside in Dialogic records and archives, but Dialogic will not use that data for commercial purposes.  Please note that if you do not wish to provide personal information about yourself, you do not need to do so in order to use at least some portions of Dialogic's web site.
Dialogic also wants you to be aware that even if you have signed up to receive newsletters or other communications from us via electronic mail, you may choose at any time to discontinue receiving such information.  To do so, or to otherwise update your email preferences or settings, click on the "Unsubscribe or update" link that is found in emails Dialogic sends to you. You may also unsubscribe or update your preferences/settings at any time by clicking here.
6. Length of Time Personal Data is Stored
We will keep and use your data as described in this Privacy Policy for the longer of: (i) the period during which we have your consent to use your Personal Data, (ii) as necessary to comply with any tax, legal, and/or other regulatory requirements; and (iii) the period needed to protect and defend against potential legal claims.
7. Enforcement
If you have a concern about privacy with respect to Dialogic's practices, or if you have received an unwanted, unsolicited email sent or purporting to have been sent by or on behalf of Dialogic, please notify Dialogic at once  via webmaster@dialogic.com and we will investigate and attempt to resolve the issue.
8. Security
Dialogic maintains Personal Data in a secure environment through a secure connection/encryption to ensure confidentiality.  Dialogic takes reasonable steps to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from Dialogic's web sites may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what Personal Data you send to us by email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Dialogic via the Internet.
We also protect your Personal Data offline.  Access to your Personal Data is limited to only employees who need the information in order to perform a specific task (such as responding to your question or request).
9. Chat Rooms
Dialogic's web sites may include and/or make available to at least some of its users chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups for purposes such as discussion, including but not limited to those accessible via the Dialogic Exchange Network (DEN), which, as of 2017, was accessible at:  http://www.dialogic.com/den/default.aspx.  Please be aware that any data that is disclosed in these areas becomes public, non-confidential and non-proprietary and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Data on the Internet.  Dialogic and its subsidiaries are free to use such data for any purpose whatsoever, and you agree to grant to Dialogic, its subsidiaries, any of its affiliates, their respective officers, director, employees and agents a perpetual, royalty-free and irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, distribute, transmit, sublicense, create derivative works from, transfer and sell any such data.
10. Notice to European Users
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), Dialogic Corporation is the data controller of your Personal Data — the company that’s responsible for your privacy.
If you are located within the EEA, you should be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred to, processed and stored in Canada, the United States of America or any other country where Dialogic maintains an office with servers. Some the laws of some of these locations may be deemed by the GDPR to have inadequate data protection. If you are resident in the EEA and thus governed by the GDPR and voluntarily submit your Personal Data to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or processing and storage of that information in jurisdictions that may be located outside of the EEA.
11. Children’s Privacy
Dialogic's web sites are not targeted towards children, and Dialogic does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13.  The age used to determine whether a person is a minor may change according to the jurisdiction where you are located.  Dialogic encourages parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce its Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Data on Dialogic's web sites without their permission.  If we or you determine that we have inadvertently, without knowledge, collected Personal Data from a minor, such information will be permanently deleted from our files upon becoming aware of information collected from a minor.
12. Do Not Track (for California residents only)
Do not Track (“DNT”) is a setting provided by your browser (depending on the browser used) that you can activate in your browser’s settings to let Internet sites know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you.  Unfortunately, we do not currently have the technology to respond to DNT signals. As a result, we do not afford different treatment to California residents whose browsers send a DNT signal as opposed to those without this setting.
13. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or update this Privacy Policy at any time.  We may or may not notify you of such changes, however, you can always view the most current version of this Privacy Policy at any time at:  www.dialogic.com.  The date of the last revision appears at the end of this policy.  Once the revision is effective, your continued use of any of our websites and our use of your Personal Data will be governed by the most recently revised version of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not wish to be bound by the changes to the Privacy Policy, you may revoke your consent at any time by contacting us as described above and ask that we delete your data from our database.  If Dialogic decides to collect additional Personal Data from you, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of such practices.
14. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our practices with regard to your Personal Data, please contact Dialogic’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@dialogic.com.
Revised October, 2018
About UsAwards and RecognitionCookiesEnvironmental CommitmentEventsManagement TeamPress Media KitPress ReleasesPrivacy Quality FocusSocial MediaTerms of Use
Latest Facebook Posts
Latest Linked In Posts
Latest Tweets
Latest YouTube Videos
14:53
How to deploy PowerMedia XMS into the AWS cloud
295  Views
3:15
Dialogic Application Labs
515  Views
14:56
How to build a WebRTC Gateway and integrate IBM Watson Speech-to-Text services
371  Views
Cloud optimized real-time communications solutions.
Navigate:
Solutions
Products
Purchase
Partners
Service Center
Company
Company:
About Dialogic
Press Room
Events
Careers
Contact
Connect:
Social Media Newsroom
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
Site Map
Glossary
Privacy
Cookies
Terms of Use
© Copyright 2020 Dialogic Corporation. All rights reserved.