http://www.deskpro.com/legal/privacy
×
Product
Channels
Email
Chat
Voice
Social
Components
Analyze
Help
Extend
Team
Mobile
Scale
CRM
Automate
Pricing
Customers
Solutions
By industry
Enterprise
Retail
IT Teams
SMBs
HR Teams
Education
Gaming
NFP
By role
Agent
User
Manager
Admin
Developer
Resources
About Us
News
Case Studies
Apps & Integrations
Partners
Security
API Developers
Training
Product Consultancy
Careers
Book A Demo
Support
Call us on +1 888-DESKPRO (337-5776)
+1 888-DESKPRO (337-5776)
+44 (0)20 3582 1980
+33 9 87 67 94 31
+46 10 138 86 61
+27 87 550 4908
+55 21 2042-0990
+81 3-4577-1907
+34 518 90 06 55
+353 768887738
+852 5803 7211
English
Translate
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Vietnamese
Welsh
Log in
Your helpdesks
Cloud
On-Premise
Access your helpdesk
.deskpro.com
Incorrect account name
GO
Get a reminder by email
Incorrect email
SEND
...
We sent you an email with the URL to your helpdesk.
Log in to access the members area
Enter a valid email
Incorrect password
Forgot?
Reset your password here
Remember me
Product
One helpdesk, one price, all the latest features
Channels
Email
Every conversation is owned, transparent and resolvable.
Chat
Connect with customers and resolve issues in real time.
Voice
Beta
21st century customer experience to phone support.
Social
Soon
Support they need, on a platform they trust.
Components
Analyze
Actionable reporting and analytics.
Extend
Integration with 750+ other software applications.
Scale
Customer support in different languages and time-zones.
Team
Teams collaborate using instant messaging and notes.
CRM
Manage your entire userbase from within the helpdesk.
Automate
Increase the effectiveness of your support teams.
Mobile
All the features on your iOS or Android mobile device.
Help Center
24/7 help with a self-service portal and knowledgebase.
All features
See all of Deskpro`s features and customizable components.
Pricing
Customers
Solutions
By industry
Enterprise
Enterprise
Provide efficient support at scale for both staff and customers.
Retail
Retail
Connect and support customers at speed, across any channel.
IT Teams
IT Teams
Customize a powerful helpdesk to streamline IT support and ITIL.
SMBs
SMBs
Differentiate your business with incredible customer support software.
HR teams
HR teams
Enable HR to create happier staff.
Education
Education
Provide outstanding support for both staff and students.
Gaming
Gaming
Nurture and engage with your player community.
Non Profit
Non Profit
Streamline operations with affordable helpdesk software.
By role
Agent
Agent
Improve agent engagement and daily productivity.
User
User
Provide a frictionless support experience across all channels.
Manager
Manager
Understand your team performance at-a-glance.
Admin
Admin
Configure a powerful helpdesk that works for your organization.
Developer
Developer
Easy to customize dynamic customer support software.
Resources
About Us
News
Case Studies
Apps & Integrations
Partners
Security
API & Developers
Training
Product Consultancy
Careers
Book A Demo
Support
FREE TRIAL
BUY NOW
TRY NOW
BUY NOW
Deskpro Privacy Policy
Download your copy of the Deskpro Privacy Policy as a pdf from the link below.
Download as a PDF
Deskpro Ltd. takes your privacy very seriously. We are committed to protecting all of your information.
We have used clear and simple language to illustrate our activities, processes and how we handle your data.
We have made it easy to find any supporting information through links to relevant pages.
This policy covers the following:
Whose infomation we collect
Information we colllect
Information we collect about you
Why we collect your information
How we share information we collect
How we protect your information
How to access and control your information
Other important privacy information
We ask that you read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information
about what to expect when Deskpro collects personal information about you and how we use your personal data.
What is the scope of this Privacy Policy?
This policy applies to information we collect about:
- Visitors to our websites
- People who do business with us / register for our service
Our Websites may contain links to other websites. These websites are governed by their own privacy statements
and we recommend that you review their own individual privacy policies. Any customer using Deskpro Services is
responsible for establishing their own privacy and security policies regarding individuals interacting with
their organisation through the Deskpro product.
If you are an individual who interacts with a Deskpro customer using our product, then we direct you to that
customer for any assistance with questions relating to your personal information. We do not have a direct
relationship with individuals or organizations interacting with Deskpro through one of our customers.
This Privacy Policy outlines how we are committed to protecting your information as an individual visiting our
website, or as an individual signing up to our services or demonstration of the product. It does not govern all
of the information that Deskpro Ltd. may process. For our practices around the privacy, security, use and access
of our products, please see the Terms of Service agreement
and End User License Agreement.
As part of our ongoing commitment to ensure the highest possible levels of security around our service data and
role as a data processor, this is governed by a separate Data Processing Agreement (DPA). If you are a customer of
Deskpro and require a DPA to sign, you can request it by emailing privacy@deskpro.com.
Whose information we collect
Deskpro collects information from three groups of individuals; customers, website visitors and personnel.
- Customers are organizations and individuals who have signed up for a Deskpro account, this includes paying and non-paying trial accounts.
- Website Visitors are individuals who browse or view our website, irrelevant of whether they are a paying customer of Deskpro.
- Personnel are people who are engaged in employment with Deskpro or have applied to work at Deskpro. Please see Personnel section for more details.
The information we collect
The information collected about you occurs when you provide it to us or use our
Services, including when other sources provide this information to us. There are
two types of information that we collect, personal information and non-personal information.
Personal Information
Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you or used in
combination with other information to identify you. When you do business with us or
register for our service we collect the following personal information from you including:
name, postal address, email address, telephone number, instant messaging ID’s, company name,
credit card details.
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is any data that cannot be used, whether on its own or in combination
with other data, to identify you. These can include browser or device types, domain names and
anonymous statistical data.
What information we collect about you
Registration and Contact Information
We collect information from you when you register for an account or sign up for a demonstration
of the product. You are voluntarily providing us with contact information whether it is via email
or contact forms.
Content provided by you through our products
If you submit a comment or feedback on our public facing support portal, your name and content
of the message may be visible to anyone visiting our support portal.
Content you provide on our websites
Any website that is owned or operated by Deskpro Ltd. is included within the Services provided by us.
For example, voluntarily submitting your contact details for a demo request on our website.
Information you provide through our support channels
When you interact with our support channels (including but not limited to email, contact forms
live chat, phone, social media) the information that you have voluntarily given us is collected
and used to provide you with the best possible experience of our Services.
Billing information
When you purchase the Services provided by Deskpro, we also collect transaction information.
This may include credit card information, billing address, contact details and any other payment
related information.
Technical, Usage and Location Information
We automatically collect information regarding how you interact with our Service. This may also
cover location information that is automatically provided by your device or computer. We also use
cookies and page tags to collect some of this information.
Single Sign-On
You are able to login to certain areas of our Services using services that allow for faster signing in.
These services authenticate your identity and pre-populate the log in or sign up form. For example, if
you log in or create an account for our Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and
email address from Google, as permitted by you, in order to authenticate your identity.
Logs and Analytics
When you visit our websites we gather information around your activity. Most of this is non-personal information
and can be stored in log files. We may also share this non-personal data with a third party analytics service.
Third Party Platforms
We may collect information about you on third party websites. For example, this may include you interacting with
an advertisement or other content on sites such as social networking platforms or on social media widgets.
Why we collect your information
The information that we collect about you is used in the following ways:
- To provide, maintain and improve the Services that our product and website offer.
- Personalise your experience of our Services. We use your contact information to
identify you to our support team and improve your experience of using Deskpro.
- Research and development helps us improve all aspects of the product and websites. By
learning and collecting feedback, it allows us to improve the software and our Services.
- To communicate with you about our Services we use your contact information to notify you about
new features or changes to the product. It may also be used to notify you about billing, if you are
the assigned contact. These communications form part of the Services that Deskpro provides and in most
cases you cannot opt out of them.
- To market and promote the Services offering of Deskpro. We use your information to send you
communications about how best to use the software. This also covers advertisements on other platforms.
These marketing based communications can be opted-out of. See Opt-Out section below.
- Customer support relies upon having your information to identify and help assist you with technical
issues you may face when using our Services. It also helps us to improve your experience.
- Safety and security of your account is imperative to us. We use your information to verify accounts and to
ensure that any requests or activity on your account is indeed genuine. This helps us to identify suspicious
or fraudulent use of your account and the Services.
- Protecting our legitimate business interests and legal rights. Some information is required for us to
satisfy legal obligations.
- With your consent there are certain places where we will only use your personal information with your explicit
consent. For example, if we publish a case study or quote, that is attributed to you, we will obtain your consent
to include your name or photo alongside the content.
How we share information we collect
Service Users
Collaboration and Community
If you share information on publicly available areas of our service. For example this could be a
comment on an article or a feature request. This information is shown to anyone visiting that page on our product.
Customer Accounts
If you registered to our Services using an email address owned by your organization or employer, we may share that information to
allow us to provide better support and a better experience of the software for you and your organization. For example, if you create a
new trial and your organization is already using Deskpro, we may disclose that information to an administrator.
Referrals
You may choose to engage with our referral service. We will collect the information of any individuals that you voluntarily provide,
that you feel would benefit from our Services. We may contact them to introduce them to Deskpro. Any referral contact may request to
be removed from our database. Please see Contact Us section below.
Service Providers
We may transfer personal information to companies that help us to provide our Services. For example, hosting of our website. These
transfers to subsequent third parties are governed by their service agreements.
Third Party Apps
You or another Service user of Deskpro may decide to add or integrate Deskpro with a third party app. By installing a third party app,
it may give them access to personal information in your account. Third party app policies are not governed by Deskpro. We advise that
you take a look at their own privacy policies that surround the integration with our product.
Third Parties
We do not share, sell or transfer your personal information to third parties except in the following limited circumstances:
- We may share your personal information with our affiliates, subsidiaries or parent companies.
- We may share your Billing Information to process your payments for our Services.
- We may transfer or share your personal information if the company is taken over, sold, involved in a merger or acquisition. See Sale of Business section below.
- We may share your personal information with a third party if we have your explicit consent to do so.
- We may share your personal information to detect or address fraud when using our Services.
Processing for EEA Users
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA) then we only collect and process information about you,
personal and non-personal, where we have the legal rights for doing so, under applicable EU laws. These legal rights
depend on the Services as well as how you use them. We only collect your information when:
- The provision and operation of our Services requires your information. This includes being able to provide you with
customer support, billing, personalised experience and security of the Services Deskpro provides.
- If you have shown a legitimate interest in the product or our Services, we reserve the right to market and promote our Services and to protect our legal rights and interests.
- You have provided us with consent for a specific purpose, for example sharing your name beside a quote.
- We are legally obliged to process your data for compliance.
If you have previously consented for us to use your information for a specific need, you have the right to change your mind. However, this will not affect any data
processing that may have taken place already. You also have the right to object to the use of your information by us or a third party. However, in some cases, this
may result in no longer using the Services provided by Deskpro.
How we protect your information
We have put in place the security procedures, plus technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal
information, and will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information. However, you should be aware
that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity
of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet.
You can view the security around our software platform on our Security Page.
Overseas Transfer of Data
When we share personal information or data, it may be transferred and processed in countries other than the country you live in.
For example, the United States, where some of our Third Party Service Providers are located. These countries may have laws different
to laws that apply to your specific geography and what you are used to. We ensure that, wherever we disclose personal data to a third
party in another country, we put safeguards in place to ensure your personal data remains protected.
For any individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), your data may be transferred outside of the EEA. When your personal data is
transferred to a location outside of the EEA, it will only be transferred to countries that provide adequate protection of EEA data.
We also enter into the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. Alternatively, if your personal information is transferred
to a third party, it will be through approved transfer mechanisms that we have in place to help protect your personal information. For
example, we ensure that any US based Third Party we use to provide the Services are Privacy Shield certified.
Your choices and controls of your data
You have the right to request a copy of the information about you that we collect as well as update the preferences
around how you are contacted by Deskpro. If you do not have the necessary permissions in the product to achieve this,
it may be that you need to contact the administrator of your Deskpro account to update or change some of this data.
You may be limited in regards to what data you can reveal or delete as some may be needed for legal reasons. If you
would like to request a copy of your data that we hold, please see Contact Us section below.
Communication Preferences
We may wish to provide you with information about special features of our Software or other
services or products we think may be of interest to you. If you agree to us providing you with marketing information,
you can always opt out at a later date. We may also want to provide you with related information from third parties we
think may be of interest to you. If you agree to us providing you with third party marketing information, you can always
opt out at a later date. Please note, that you may not be able to unsubscribe to certain service-related communications,
such as billing notifications.
Opt-Out
We may provide you with the opportunity to "opt-out" of having your personal information used for certain purposes.
This occurs when we ask for that information from you. If you decide to opt-out of certain communications, we may
not be able to provide certain features of our Services to you and your organization.
Do Not Track
Certain web browsers offer an HTTP header, termed "Do Not Track." This requests that
website refrains from tracking the user. We take no action in response to Do Not Track browser requests.
Cookies and Page Tags
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour
information. The information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on
website activity. To find out more, please see our Cookie Policy.
Accessing and updating your personal information
When using the Service that Deskpro offers, we do our best to ensure that any information we collect about you is correct.
You have a range of choices when it comes to the updating of your data.
- Delete: Our services and Guides give you the ability to delete certain information about you or other individuals
from within the Service. Please note, that we may need to retain certain personal information to comply with legal and legitimate business
obligations to keep particular records.
- Deactivate: If you no longer wish to use our Services, then your administrator must contact support or deactivate your account for you.
- Request we don't use your information: You are able to request that we do not use your information for certain activities.
Please note, some information is required for us to fulfil legal and legitimate business obligations.
- Access and Update: You are able to access and update some of the personal information that we collect about you. These things
include updating your profile or account details within the product. Please check our Guides for how to perform this.
Data Portability
Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your information in a format that you can move from one service
to another. This applies to some of your information, but not all, as it depends on context. If you wish to request
this, we will provide you with an electronic file containing your personal information associated with your account
with Deskpro. See Contact Us section below.
Personnel of Deskpro
Personnel are people who are engaged in employment with Deskpro or have applied to work at Deskpro. The information you
have voluntarily provided us with is collected for Human Resources purposes in order to screen candidates for new
job roles at Deskpro. You may contact Deskpro to request an update of your information, change your preferences with
regards to communication and also request a record of the information we hold about you.
There are some documents or information about people who are or have been engaged in employment activities with Deskpro.
These need to be kept and maintained for legal and legitimate business functions.
No Children Under Age 13
The Services provided by Deskpro are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13. Deskpro does not knowingly collect or
solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13 you are not permitted to register
for our Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 and believe we might have any information from or
about a child under the age of 13, please see Contact Us section below.
Your Consent
By submitting your personal information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy.
Sale of Business
If Deskpro Ltd. is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers, any
prospective purchasers, their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page,
and place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it
at all times. For any major changes to the policy you will be notified via email. This privacy policy was last updated on
17th May 2018.
Your continued use of our Services and the Deskpro website following the notification of non-significant changes to the
Privacy Policy, is deemed as your acceptance of the changes made.
If you do not agree with this policy, do not interact with our websites or any other aspect of our business including
using or accessing our Services.
Contact Us
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or
comments please send:
- an email: privacy@deskpro.com
- a letter to Deskpro Ltd., 79 Hartfield Road, London, SW19 3ES, United Kingdom
You can also contact our European Union representative and Data Processing Officer on privacy@deskpro.com if you need
to request a Data Processing Agreement. For more information on how Deskpro is GDPR compliant, please see our GDPR articles.
Ready to get started?
Try now
Book a demo
Try Deskpro for free. No credit card required. 30 second signup.
Sign Up with Google
Start Trial
Developing innovative helpdesk software since 2002
Connect with us here:
Product
Email
Chat
Voice
Social
Analyze
Help
Mobile
Extend
Team
Solutions
Education
IT Teams
HR Teams
Enterprise
Gaming
Not for Profit
Retailers
Small Business
Resources
All Features
News
Customers
Case Studies
Apps & Integrations
Partners
Security
API & Development
Support
Contact Us
Guides
Knowledgebase
Training
Product Suggestions
Book a Demo
Installation Services
Product Consultancy
Company
About Us
Careers
Press
System Status
EULA
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2001 – 2020 Deskpro Ltd. All rights reserved. Company: 04249340. VAT: GB 799932937. Deskpro Ltd, 79 Hartfield Road, SW19 3ES, London, United Kingdom.