https://www.documation.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookies/
Solutions
Solutions Overview
Invoice Matching
AP Automation
AP Automation can Improve Accounts
Purchasing
RPA
Robots & Artificial Intelligence in Accounts Payable
E-Invoicing
Other Solutions
How We Work
How We Work Overview
Integrations
Platform
Knowledge Base
About Us
About
Our Partners
Join Our Team
Contact
Contact Us
Directions
Solutions
Invoice Matching Solutions
AP Automation
AP Automation can Improve Accounts
Purchase to Pay Automation Solution
RPA
Robots and AI in Accounts Payable
E-Invoicing Solution
Other Solutions
How We Work
Integrations
Platform
Knowledge Base
Podcasts
News & Events
Case Studies
Blog
eBooks, Whitepapers & Webinars
About Us
Our Partners
Join Our Team
Contact Us
Directions
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Your right to privacy and the security of your personal information is very important to Documation. We collect a limited amount of data from our Android and iOS apps and our Website Users which we use to help us to improve your experience when using our website and apps and to help us manage the services we provide. This includes information such as how our website is used, the frequency with which our website is accessed, and the times that our website is most popular.  This policy also applies to all information collected or submitted in Documation apps for Android and iOS and on our website.
Information We Collect
We store authentication tokens in our apps to keep you logged in.
Device Permissions
Depending on your device, our apps may request certain permissions that allow it to access your device data as described below.
Camera Permission
Used for accessing the camera and capturing images from the device. These images are stored on the device until they are deleted.
Information Usage
We use the information collected to improve our apps. No information is shared with outside parties. Documation will never use your personal data in a way that you have not consented to and will treat all data in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulations.
Security
All communication between our apps and rest APIs use HTTPS with public key certificates. Authentication tokens are stored with the internet standard JSON Web Token.
Your Consent
By using Documation apps you consent to our privacy policy.
We may collect and use your personal data in the following ways:
Anonymously (without linking the data to you), to track the pattern of the use of this site in a single session. This enables us to understand how the site is used and track any patterns that emerge individually or from larger groups. This helps us to develop and improve our website and services in response to what our visitors want and need
Individually, to maintain a ‘logged in’ status to a particular section of the site
Individually, to send you information about our services when you have both provided us with your personal data and given consent to us to do so in this way
Documation uses cookies and session trackers in URLs only to track individual sessions with the website. It does not leave a persistent cookie on your computer such that the site can identify you before you have chosen to log in or re-identify yourself. Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system. If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings.
Marketing Activities
We may periodically send you information, via email, that we think you may find interesting. In particular, we may wish to use your data for the purposes listed below, where appropriate and in accordance with any local laws and requirements:
To enable us to develop and market other products and services;
To market our full range of services to you;
To send you general information about the industry sectors which we think might be of interest to you
We will only send electronic mail marketing to individuals if:
You have specifically consented to electronic mail from us; or
You are an existing customer who bought (or negotiated to buy) a similar product or service from us in the past, and we gave you a simple way to opt out, both when we first collected your details and in every message we have sent.
Documation will never use your personal data in a way that you have not consented to and will treat all data in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulations.
If you are not happy about our approach to marketing, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Have any questions?
Call now to find out how we can help
Get in touch
+44 (0)23 8064 7776 enquiries@documation.co.uk