https://www.portline.net/privacy-policies.html
Privacy Policy
Web Design
SEO
Hosting
Merchant Services
Portfolio
Contact
Privacy Policy
.
This is the web site of Portline, Inc. known as Portline Website Builders.
We can be reached via e-mail at 	build@portline.com or you can reach us by telephone at 800-889-8079 For each visitor to our 	Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information 	regarding the domain or e-mail address.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via
e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit,
user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit,
information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information
and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax
number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing
address).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web
page, and used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for
each individual visitor.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.If you do not want
to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending
us an e-mail at the above address,or calling us at the above telephone
number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may
receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new
products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive
such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the
above address, or calling us at the above telephone number. Please
provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is
removed from the list.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new,
unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If
our information practices change at some time in the future we will
contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you
of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of
these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to
notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out
of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is
used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes
other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us
at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information
that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card
account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier
information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about
them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made
purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them,
communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g.,
customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone
number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above
address, writing to us, contact us for the physical address, or visiting us at http://www.portline.com
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies
corrected in contact information, financial information, unique
identifiers, transaction information, communications that the
consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail
at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or
visiting us at http://www.portline.com
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in
place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or
alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The
DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org,
state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission
by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.