http://www.amicutilities.com/index_v_privacy.html
Français
English
News
Sept 16, 2018.
Amic Video Converter has just
been updated! Download the latest version of this powerful, easy to use
Video Converter...
Jobs
Our team is hiring! If you are skilled, knowledgeable, and passionate about the creation of quality software, apply now! We are particularly interested in Delphi Programmers.
Developers
Publish your new software with us! Don't hassle with promoting and marketing work, focus on creating new applications. Click here!
Newsletter
Enter below your email address to receive news and special offers about our games!
Company
Quick links: Contact Us using the Online Form, Submit a software idea!, For the Press, For Vendors, Privacy Statement, Add Your Link
Webmasters
Like our site? Link to us! Need a better web hosting solution? Our suggestion! Sell our programs on your site and Earn Money!
Quick Links
Outlook Backup
Delete Cookies
Delete History
For Affiliates!
Privacy Statement
Short Version
We keep all your personal information secret. We absolutely hate spam, so we don't use your information to spam you.
Long Version
Amic Utilities has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the confidentiality of user data. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
Use Of Ip Address
For each visitor to our site, our web server automatically records the visitor's domain and IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that contain information a web site uses for tracking a visit. Our site uses cookies to authenticate who you are and what information you have registered for access to. This information is not linked to individual visitors.
Order Forms
The order forms our site provide you for purchasing products are made available throught RegNow, one of the world largest Ecommerce Solutions provider. The contact information (like your email address), and financial information (like your credit card number) we collect about you when you place an order is saftely stored and in no way will be available to any third party. Contact information is used only to get in touch with you when necessary ( eg. sending you the product(s) you ordered ). Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for the order.
Newsletter
The email address you provide when you subscribe to our newsletter is used only to send you our free newsletter, it will not be disclosed, sold or rented to any outside party.
Public Discussion Board
Any information that is disclosed on Amic Utilities Discussion Board
becomes public information, and it will be visible to all visitors. Please be cautios when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Links To Other Sites
Amic Utilities is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the outside sites it links to.
Security
This site provides a secure server for all credit card orders, securely encrypting all personal data with industry-standard methods.
Contacting Amic Utilities
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please feel free to contact us using the Online Form.
Home | Newsletter | Check other software | Contact Us | Privacy Statement | Links
Copyright © 2000-2009 Amic Utilities. All rights reserved. Last update: January 3rd, 2009
Visit The Azoos Search Engine