http://www.spydex.com/privacy_policy.html
Spydex.com
Home
Products
Download
Buy Now
Support
Forum
About Us
Contact Us
Spydex.com /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Spydex, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
company commitment to privacy. The following statement discloses the
information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Information Automatically Logged
We may log your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server
and to administer our web site. This information is primarily used for
general traffic tracking and security.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to track information about our visitors. This
information includes the date/time of visits, pages viewed, and
programs downloaded.
Newsletter
We allow visitors to sign up for our free newsletter by providing an
email address. The email address you provide is used only to send you
the free newsletter.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Spydex, Inc. is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or
newsgroups available to its visitors. Please remember that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public
information, so you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose
your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse,
and alteration of the information under our control.
Spydex, Inc. does not store credit card numbers for processed orders.
Latest News
November 14, 2016
Spy Lantern Keylogger v5.4.2 has been released. Some improvements in the program engine are added.
October 26, 2016
Email Spy Pro v5.1.3 has been released. Email delivery test option is improved.
September 6, 2016
Email Spy Pro v5.1.2 has been released. Compatibility with Trend Micro products is improved.
July 13, 2016
Spy Lantern Keylogger v5.4.1 has been released. Compatibility with McAfee products is improved.
Home |
Products |
Download |
Buy Now |
Support |
Forum |
About Us |
Contact Us
Copyright © 2002-2017, Spydex, Inc. All rights reserved.
Site Map |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
Spy Software |
Security