http://www.march-hare.com/news/privacy.htm
Outsourcing  |  Consultants  |  Software  |  Downloads  |  Online Store  |  Support  |
Library
Visit another site
march-hare.com
march-hare.com.au
CVSNT
CVSNT Home
CVSNT Open Source Home
WinCVS front end for CVSNT
TortoiseCVS front end for CVSNT
UNIFACE
Compuware
$UUU
UUG
C B G
JAVA
java.sun.com
Alphaworks
OTN
IBM
Thinking in Java
IBM iSeries
eServer Magazine
OTHER SCM
comp.software.config-mgmt FAQ
CM Crossroads
ClearCase
PVCS VM
ChangeMan DS
Continuus
Visual Source Safe
Last Modified: Thursday, June 4, 2015
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Any and all information collected - including membership forms or email lists - at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to us will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
We analyse our website logs to constantly improve the value of the website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site.
We maintain several email lists to keep subscribers informed about areas of specific interest. Individuals must request to join our mailing lists by signing up through our website. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease the addresses on our list to anyone.
The Bugz (Bugzilla), online bug tracking system and the CVSNT download page are the only parts of this web site which utilise "cookies".
The Bugz tracking system uses cookies to identify you and remember your searches, and the download page uses cookies to determine if you have downloaded our software previously.
All editions (trial, single-user, multi-user/unlimited, etc.) of our software downloaded from this web site contain anti-theft mechanisms which we can use to identify individuals and organisations who use it.
For example, when you execute the CVS Suite the installer, the software will attemt to contact march-hare.com to register the install/uninstall.
This is done for the purpose of tracking individuals and companies who are in breach of our licensing terms.
This information is not sold, but may be passed outside of March Hare Pty Ltd if we are considering legal action.
About Us |
| Customer Area| Press Releases | Contact us | Prices & Ordering | Feedback | Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2000. March Hare Pty LtdAll rights reserved.