http://www.salesnexus.com/privacy-policy
SalesNexus, LLC (“SALESNEXUS”) shares your concerns about maintaining the privacy of personal information collected on the Internet. The following Privacy Policy discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of SALESNEXUS in connection with the salesnexus.com and support.salesnexus.com websites (including all web and internet properties with the “salesnexus.com” domain) (collectively, the “Site”). Use of the Site constitutes consent to SALESNEXUS’s collection and use of personal data as outlined herein.SCOPE. This policy covers how SALESNEXUS treats personal information that SALESNEXUS collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Site.COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM SITE USERS; COOKIES.  SALESNEXUS provides services and Content through the Site and, as part of providing such services and Content, SALESNEXUS may collect (1) the e-mail addresses, type of computer, and type of Web browser of users to the Site, (2) the e-mail addresses of users that communicate with SALESNEXUS or the Site via e-mail, (3) information knowingly provided by users in online forms, registration forms, surveys, etc. (including name, address, e-mail and other personal profile data), (4) user credentials for access to SALESNEXUS and tokens permitting SALESNEXUS access to 3rd party sites that you authorize and (4) aggregate information on which pages users access. SALESNEXUS may place Internet “cookies” on users’ hard drives. Internet cookies save data about individual users, such as the user’s screen preferences, the dates and times of previous visits and the pages viewed by the user. When the user revisits the Site, SALESNEXUS may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the user’s experience accordingly. Users may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their Web browser software, if available. However, declining to use cookies may impede the ability of the Site to function properly. When a user performs a search within the Site, SALESNEXUS may record information identifying the user or linking the user to the search performed.USE OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED. SALESNEXUS will never share your PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED with others.  SALESNEXUS may use the data it collects for internal purposes, namely, for solving technical problems, calculating overall usage statistics, product development, and content improvement. SALESNEXUS will not disclose to third parties any personal information, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws or legal processes (e.g. subpoenas), or to protect the rights or property of SALESNEXUS. SALESNEXUS will cooperate with law enforcement authorities.SECURITY MEASURES. SALESNEXUS takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. SALESNEXUS follows Information Security Policies including encryption of user credentials, backups and tokens permitting access to 3rd party sites.  SALESNEXUS restricts access to your personal information to employees who meet two-factor authentication rules and have a valid need for access to such information per our Information Security Policy. Please note, however, that SALESNEXUS cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from SALESNEXUS via the Site or e-mail. Accordingly, SALESNEXUS is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet.OPT-OUT RIGHT. Users may at any time opt out of having their personal information used by SALESNEXUS to send promotional correspondence to the user, by contacting SALESNEXUS via telephone, e-mail or postal mail at the address(es) below: Mailing address: SALESNEXUS Privacy Administrator 5535 Memorial Dr, Suite F852 Houston, Texas 77007 e-mail: privacy (@) salesnexus.comACCESS TO AND ABILITY TO CORRECT PERSONAL DATA. Upon request via postal mail or e-mail, SALESNEXUS will provide to users a summary of any personal information retained by SALESNEXUS regarding the user. Users may modify, correct, change or update personally identifiable information that SALESNEXUS has collected by the Site or may cause their personal record to be removed from SALESNEXUS’s database by contacting SALESNEXUS via postal mail or e-mail to the addresses indicated in paragraph 5 above.COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA FROM CHILDREN. SALESNEXUS does not knowingly solicit information from children and we do not knowingly market the Site or its services to children.SALESNEXUS’S RIGHT TO CONTACT USERS. SALESNEXUS reserves the right to contact users of the Site who have provided SALESNEXUS with contact information, unless they opt-out of such communication as provided in paragraph 5 above.Security PolicySalesNexus is committed to keep your payment and personal information always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) site is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number and expiration date so it cannot be read over the internet.  All credentials, access tokens and backups are encrypted and accessible only by authorized personnel after two-factor authentication and according to restricted access policies detailed in our Information Security Policy.Refund PolicyAll refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase on the official cancellation date reflecting 30-day cancellation policy as stated in the SalesNexus Service Agreement – https://www.salesnexus.com/service-agreement. If services paid by different form of payment such as checks, the refund will be provided via check that will be sent to the client on the official cancellation date reflecting 30-day cancellation policy.Shipping/Delivery PolicySalesNexus does not ship any tangible software CD for online databases that we host. Client’s personal URL containing SalesNexus online database login information will be delivered via email after payment is received. For payments made online via SalesNexus website, URL is delivered to the email address provided during the sign up process within 1 hour. For payments received via mail or over the phone, URL is emailed to the provided email address within 1 business day.Contacting the Web SiteFor questions about or help with using this site, visit our Help site or email support (at) salesnexus.com.If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or if you feel your private information has been misused or disclosed by this site, please notify our Incident Response Team at  security (at) salesnexus.comShare
CRM, Marketing Automation - All in 1 Try Us Free For 30 Days
Top
X
X