http://www.designsupply.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account, send you current pricing and email you about our products and services and we use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. We will contact you with legitimate interest information and also to fulfil our contract with you our customer.
Design Supply will not share your information for marketing purposes to any other company. In processing your order, we may send your details to our nominated bank using encrypted software, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email privacy@designsupply.co.uk
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us. We may make a small charge for this service. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website (www.designsupply.co.uk) so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 18 April 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you at:
privacy@designsupply.co.uk
or write to us at:
Design Supply Ltd
Unit 2, Green Lane Business Park,
238 Green Lane,
New Eltham,
London,
SE9 3TL
© 2020 DESIGN SUPPLY LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
MENU
Contact Us
Design Supply Reviews
ABOUT US
Design Supply Covid-19 Statement for our customers
Our Team
Our Guarantees to You
Our Experience
LARGE FORMAT PRINTERS
Large Format Cad Printers
A0 CAD Printers
A1 CAD Printers
A2 CAD Printers
Larger CAD Printers
All CAD PRINTERS
Large Format Graphics Printers
All graphic printers
A0 Graphics Printers
A1 Graphics Printers
A2 Graphics Printers
Larger Graphics Printers
Large Format Latex Printers
Large Format Printers – Full range
Mutoh Large Format Printers
All Mutoh Large Format Printers
Mutoh Eco Solvent Printers
Mutoh UV Printers
Mutoh Multi Purpose Hybrid Printer
Mutoh Dye Sublimation Printers
MEDIA/SUPPLIES
Wide Format Inkjet Media
Bundle Offers
Floor media guide Latex, Pigment, Solvent, Gel, Dye and Aqueous Large Format Printers
Cartridges & Print Heads
Large Format Printer Offers
Large Format Printer Offers
Refurbished Large Format Printers
Free plot media
Free Stationery Audit
Budget Priced Media
NEW! Refer a Friend
Trade in your old printer
Design Supply Loyalty Card
MULTI-FORMAT LARGE FORMAT
Canon Multi Function Printers
Epson Multi Function Printers
HP Multi Function Printers
Contex Multi Function Printers
All Multi Function Printers
A1 Multi Function Printers
A0 Multi Function Printers
WideTEK Large Format Scanners
All Multi Function Printers
Other Machines
3D Printers
Vinyl Cutters
Laminators & Encapsulation
Rowe VarioFold Compact
SCANNERS
All Scanners
A2 Scanners
A1 Scanners
A0 Scanners
Large Scanners
All Scanners
Colortrac Scanners
Contex Scanners
Graphtec Scanners
Hewlett Packard Scanners
STORAGE
Cabinets, Chests and Hanger Systems
Large Format Vertical Cabinets
Large Format Plan Chests
Vistaplan Mobile Trolley Filing Systems
Simplifile Large Format Filing Systems
Resources and Advice
Canon Virtual Showroom
Design Supply Instagram
Video Library
All Videos
Canon TM Videos
Service and Repairs
Design Supply & Service
Canon Resources
BLI Reports
Pigment vs dye
Epson’s Cartridge Collection & Recycling Programme
Large Format Paper and Media
914mm
841mm
610mm
Search all large format media