http://www.lauterbach.com/eprivacy.html
Privacy Policy
[content]
Appointment of the responsible body
Cancellation of your consent to data processing
Right to complain to the regulating authority
Right to data transferability
Right to information, rectification, blocking, deletion
SSL or TLS encryption
Privacy Officer
Server log files
Data transmission at the conclusion of the contract for the sale of goods and delivery of goods
Registration on this website
Contact form
Newsletter data
YouTube
Appointment of the responsible body
The responsible data processing unit on this website is:
Lauterbach GmbH
Managing Directors Lothar and Stephan Lauterbach, Norbert Weiß, Dr. Thomas Ullmann
Altlaufstrasse 40
85635 Hoehenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn
Phone: +49 8102 9876 150
Email: lothar.lauterbachlauterbach.com
Email: stephan.lauterbachlauterbach.com
Email: norbert.weisslauterbach.com
Email: thomas.ullmannlauterbach.com
The responsible body, alone or in connection with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (such as names, contact details, etc.).
Cancellation of your consent to data processing
Only with your explicit consent are some processes of data processing possible.
A cancellation of your already given consent is possible at any time.
For the cancellation
an informal message by e-mail is sufficient.
The legality of the data processing carried out until the cancellation remains unaffected by the cancellation.
Right to complain to the regulating authority
As the person affected, in the event of a breach of data protection law, you have a right to appeal to the regulating authority. The regulating authority with regard to data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which the headquarters of our company is located. The following link provides a list of privacy officers and their contact details: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.htmlcode.
Right to data transferability
You have the right to have data that we process on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment to a contract automated to you or to third parties.
The provision is made in a machine-readable format.
If you require the direct transfer of the data to another person in charge, this will only be done if technically feasible.
Right to information, rectification, blocking, deletion
You have the right at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions to provide free information about your stored personal data, source of the data, their recipients and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correct, block or delete this data. In this regard and also for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can always contact us via the contact options listed in the imprint.
SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as a site operator, our website uses an SSL or TLS encryption.
Thus, data that you submit via this website, is not readable for others. You will recognize an encrypted connection at the "https: //" address bar of your browser and at the lock icon in the browser bar.
Privacy Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer.
Mr. Tobias.Wilhelm
Altlaufstrasse 40
85635 Hoehenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn
Phone: + 49 8102 9876 164
Email: tobias.wilhelmlauterbach.com
Server log files
In server log files, the website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically sends to us. These are:
browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
time of server request
IP address
There is no merge of this data with other data sources. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or precontractual measures.
Data transmission at the conclusion of the contract for the sale of goods and delivery of goods
Personal data will only be transmitted to third parties if there is a need in the context of the contract.
Third parties may be, for example, payment service providers or logistics companies.
Any further transmission of the data will not take place or only if you have explicitly consented to it.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or precontractual measures.
Registration on this website
To use certain features, you can register on our website. The transmitted data served exclusively for the purpose of the use of the respective offer or service. All compulsory information requested during registration must be given in full. Otherwise, we will reject the registration.
In case of important changes, for technical reasons for example, we will inform you by e-mail. The e-mail will be sent to the address given when registering.
The processing of the data entered during registration takes place on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. DSGVO). A cancellation of your already given consent is possible at any time.
For the cancellation an informal message by e-mail is sufficient.
The legality of the already completed data processing remains unaffected by the cancellation.
We store the data collected during registration during the period you are registered on our website. Your data will be deleted should you cancel your registration. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Contact form
Data submitted via the contact form, including your contact details, will be stored to process your request or to be available for follow-up questions. A disclosure of this data will not take place without your consent.
The processing of the data entered into the contact form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) lit. DSGVO).
A cancellation of your already given consent is possible at any time. For the cancellation an informal message by e-mail is sufficient.
The legality of the data processing operations carried out until the cancellation remains unaffected by the cancellation.
Data submitted via the contact form will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to storage or you no longer need to retain your data. Mandatory legal provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected.
Newsletter data
To send our newsletter, we need an e-mail address from you. Verification of the specified e-mail address is necessary and the receipt of the newsletter is to be agreed. Supplementary data are not collected or are voluntary.
The data is used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
The data provided in the newsletter registration are processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). A cancellation of your already given consent is possible at any time.
For the cancellation an informal e-mail is sufficient.
Notification by e-mail or you can unsubscribe via the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legality of the already completed data processing operations remains unaffected by the cancellation.
Data entered to set up the subscription will be deleted in the event of cancellation. If these data have been sent to us for other purposes and elsewhere, they will remain with us.
YouTube
For integration and presentation of video content, our website uses plugins from YouTube. Provider of the video portal is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
When you visit a page with an integrated YouTube plug-in, it will connect to YouTube's servers. YouTube will find out which of our pages you viewed.
YouTube may associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile should you be logged into your YouTube account. By logging out beforehand you have the option to prevent this.
The use of YouTube is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
For details on how to handle user information, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy at:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy code.
Source: Datenschutz-Konfigurator von mein-datenschutzbeauftragter.de
Copyright © 2020 Lauterbach GmbH, Altlaufstr.40, 85635 Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn, Germany
Impressum
Privacy Policy
The information presented is intended to give overview information only.Changes and technical enhancements or modifications can be made without notice. Report Errors
Last generated/modified: 07-Dec-2020