http://www.alachisoft.com/company/privacy-policy.html
Webinars
Docs
Download
Blogs
Contact Us
Product
Download
Pricing
Use Cases
Technical Use Cases
ASP.NET Sessions
ASP.NET Core Sessions
Pub/Sub Messaging
Real-Time ASP.NET SignalR
Internet of Things
NoSQL Database
Stream Processing
Microservices
Industry Use Cases
Financial Services
Retail & E-Commerce
Healthcare
Insurance
Telecommunications
Government
Media
Logistics
Software
Travel
Customers
Testimonials
Case Studies
Customers
Resources
Documentation
Tips
Blogs
Whitepapers
Comparisons
Code Samples
Benchmarks
Case Studies
Magazine Articles
Articles
Forum (Google Groups)
Webinars
Talks
Videos
- Product Videos
- Recorded Webinars
Support
Company
Overview
Leadership
Partners
News & Events
Careers
Support
Schedule a Demo
Contact Us
Try FREE
Alachisoft
Overview
Leadership
Partners
Careers
Support
Schedule a Demo
Contact Us
News & Events
Press Releases
Newsletters
Magazine Articles
Trade Shows
Privacy Policy
General
Alachisoft respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Data. We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your Personal Data in making available our in-memory distributed caching products, NCache, NosDB and TierDeveloper (“Products”), as well as our website alachisoft.com (“Site”).
Anyone who visits www.alachisoft.com or uses or accesses any of its products shall by so doing be deemed to have agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy and collection, use and other processing of data as set forth below.
Nothing herein shall in any manner limit, exclude or prejudice, or be construed as a waiver of, any right or freedom that Alachisoft may have under applicable law.
Privacy Policy Scope
This policy covers how Alachisoft treats information about you that it collects and receives, including information related to your use of its products. However, this policy does not apply to the companies that Alachisoft does not own or control, or to people that Alachisoft does not employ or manage. In addition, certain Alachisoft partners may have their own privacy policies and statements.
This Privacy Notice explains the information practices and policies of Alachisoft. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Alachisoft and “you” refers to you, anyone whose information we process.
This Privacy Notice does not reflect the privacy policies or practices of our clients or any other third party. Alachisoft is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any client, end-clients of clients or other third party.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Information
We primarily collect, access, use, and share Personal Information where necessary for us to market and provide Services to our clients and in the ordinary course of running our business, including through the receipt of communications such as emails, website enquiries and telephone calls.
When we say, “Personal Information,” we mean individually identifiable information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate a specific person, such as a name, address, phone number, username, email address, and password, it might also include information such as your IP addresses and/or other online identifiers and information related to your device
(see "Cookies or Similar Technologies" section below)
Information Collected through Our Services and Alachisoft Websites
We may collect information, including Personal Information, in the following ways:
Information That You Provide To Us Voluntarily
General Contact Information. We will collect any Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you visit a Alachisoft Website, subscribe for or enquire about any of our Services. For example, if you submit a sales enquiry or subscribe for a newsletter via a Alachisoft Website web form or request additional information or contact from Alachisoft via email, you will provide us with certain Personal Information, which may include names, company name, address, and email address.
In addition, if you choose to communicate with us via a web form, email, or by telephone, we will keep a copy of our communication together with your email address or phone number and our responses.
Information That We Collect Automatically
Device-related Information. When you visit any Alachisoft Website or use our Services, we may also collect device related information from the user’s device, including information such as an IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), the date and time of use of our Services, the date and time of an event on the client’s IT systems, system logs, and technical attributes about the device or a web browser. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered "personal data" under applicable data protection laws. This information enables us to better understand use of our Alachisoft Websites and Products. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies or Similar Technologies” below.
Cookies or Similar Technologies
Alachisoft Websites use cookies. A "cookie" is a string of alphanumeric characters. There are two types of cookies that may be used at Alachisoft's Websites: persistent cookies or session cookies. A persistent cookie gets entered by your Web browser into the "Cookies" folder on your computer and remains there after you close your Web browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site; however, session cookies are held temporarily in your computer's memory and disappear after you close your browser or shut off your computer.
If you have arrived at any Alachisoft Website by clicking on a banner ad for one of Alachisoft's products or services, a session cookie may be used. This cookie contains an identification number for the advertisement that you clicked on, and it helps Alachisoft determine which of its ads attracts the most visitors. If you choose to request further information from us about Alachisoft's products and services, the personal information that you provide in that request will be linked to the information in the session cookie.
In order to better understand how our sites are used, Alachisoft Websites may also use persistent cookies along with other information collected in our servers' files (e.g., IP Address, referring URLs, etc.). Each browser is different, so you should check your browser’s “Help” menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you reject or block cookies, Alachisoft Websites may not function as intended.
Information That We Obtain from Third Party Sources
Commercially Available Information. Alachisoft may also collect information from commercially available sources but only where we are legally permitted to collect the information. Such information may include names, addresses, email addresses, and demographic data. The information Alachisoft collects from these commercial sources may be combined and cross-referenced with information collected through the Services. We use this information for communications purposes to provide direct marketing materials for our business customers or prospects.
From time to time, we may also ask our partners or clients to voluntarily provide us with the email addresses of contacts of other organizations, so they too can benefit from the various products and services offered by Alachisoft and Alachisoft's trusted partners. Where we do, we will ask that they have the permission to pass on these details to us.
How We Use Information Collected through Our Services and Alachisoft Websites
To Serve Our Clients. We use the information we collect, including Personal Information, to provide our Services to the clients on whose behalf we are acting. For example, in order to provide technical support, we may contact a user (such as employees or staff members) of Alachisoft's clients using any contact information provided to us.
To Serve You. We use the information we collect, including Personal Information, to respond to any request or query directed to us (for example through web forms or email), to provide you/your organization with our products and Services and to manage our relationship with you. For example, we may respond to a job application, address any enquiries or complaints you may have, endeavor to improve the Services we provide, or provide you with information about other products and services we offer that we think you may be interested in.
For Direct Marketing. If we have the right to do so, we will use your Personal Information for the purposes of direct marketing communications to your organization, such as by adding your contact and other details to a marketing database. Where we do, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out in accordance with section III.
For Internal and Service-Related Purposes. We may use any information we collect through Alachisoft Website for internal and service-related purposes, including providing it to third parties as necessary to allow us to facilitate provision of the Services, maintain or improve Alachisoft Website security, and/or invoicing for example.
Anonymized and Aggregate Data. From time to time, we will anonymize and aggregate data collected through our Services for analytics purposes, and other commercial purposes.
Why do we collect it?
The information we collect may be helpful to us and can be used for the following purposes:
To improve customer service experience:
respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve your website experience:
improve your website performance and experience.
To send periodic emails:
information and updates pertaining to your order, respond to your inquiries or provide educational content such as upcoming events. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, there is an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
Access, Integrity, Retention, and Choices
Access & Correction
If you wish to request access to, correction, or deletion of Personal Information you have submitted through the Alachisoft Websites, you can contact Alachisoft at privacy@alachisoft.com.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
Alachisoft will use Personal Information only for the purpose of or in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected.
Information Retention
We keep information we need to provide our Services only so long as we have a valid business purpose, in accordance with applicable law and our client agreements. For example, to provide you with Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will delete it. If immediate deletion is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible or unless as otherwise required by law.
User Choices
We include an “unsubscribe” hyperlink in Alachisoft marketing emails for those users who wish to stop receiving email communication from Alachisoft. The hyperlink will connect to one of our websites, which will confirm the email address that has been automatically unsubscribed and will no longer receive emails from Alachisoft.
Security
We take steps to ensure that information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice which include appropriate technical and organizational measures. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing of your Personal Information. However, neither the Internet nor any form of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided to us.
What we do with it?
Alachisoft does not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. We may, however, release personal information when we believe that it is required to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Alachisoft, our users, or others.
Your Rights
We acknowledge individuals' rights in relation to their personal data under application data protection laws.
In addition, if EU data protection laws apply to your Personal Information, you may have the following data protection rights which you may exercise at any time by using the contact details provided under the “How to Contact Us" section below:
You may access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information.
You can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. In addition to using our contact details below, for email marketing communications you can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We will respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Please note, if you are an individual whose personal information Alachisoft processes as a "data processor", for example to provide services on behalf of its clients, you must contact the relevant data controller of your Personal Information in order to exercise your rights. This might be one of our clients or one of our clients' customers.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Notice or our information practices, please email us at privacy@alachisoft.com
If you don’t receive adequate resolution of a privacy-related problem, you may write to our Information Security Officer at:
Information Security Officer
Alachisoft
12005 Ford Road, Suite 520
Dallas, Texas 75234
USA
Change of Policy
Alachisoft may amend this privacy policy at any time by posting a revised version on www.alachisoft.com. The revised version will take effect as of the time it is posted.
Last revised: May 8, 2019
Newsletter Signup
Signup for monthly email newsletter to get latest updates.
Contact Us
PHONE
+1 (214) 764-6933 (US)
+44 20 7993 8327 (UK)
EMAIL
sales@alachisoft.com
support@alachisoft.com
Contact Us
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© Copyright Alachisoft 2002 - . All rights reserved.