http://www.c-inspector.com/index.php?section=privacy
Contact
HOMEOVERVIEWFEATURESGALLERYREGISTER NOWPRICINGABOUT
Privacy statement
This privacy policy applies to c됼nspector.com and all C될nspector services. It does not apply to other (linked) web sites.
General security policy
Data transmittion in the Internet cannot completely be protected from abuse. I take the protection of your personal data very seriously and follow the German/European data protection laws strictly. By visiting c됼nspector.com, typical tracking information may be collected and saved by the tracking둆ool of my webhosting provider which includes: your operating system, the referrer URL, the IP address, the time and date of your access. The data is anonymous and can be related to indiviuals only with large efforts. It will not be related to other tracking sources and will only be used for statistical purposes. I do not sell the tracked data to third parties or use them for different purposes than statistics. Personal data will only be saved when registering for the C될nspector service on c됼nspector.com.
Contact form
By using the contact form, you agree that the entered personal data (name, email, message) will be processed by the system and sent to the site owner as an email. You can request the removal of this email from the site owner any time.
Registration
By registering for the C될nspector service on c됼nspector.com, you agree to the privacy policy sections in the terms & conditions. In the registration process, the following personal data will be processed and saved: First name, last name, company/organization, country, email/user name, password. I do not sell this data to third parties or use it for different purposes than contractual issues.
Purchase
A registered C될nspector user can upgrade or extend his subscription in his personal account. The payment is processed by PalPal. In this context, your personal data will be used for contractual issues such as invoices.
Imprint & disclaimer |
Privacy statement |
Terms & conditions