http://www.graphicaldynamics.com/privacy.html
Products
Download
Purchase
Tech Support
Site Map
Contact
AutoIntern
ClockMan95
AutoIntern
ClockMan95
AutoIntern
ClockMan95
AutoIntern
ClockMan95
Privacy Policy
Graphical
Dynamics, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.graphicaldynamics.com.
We use
your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer
our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your
shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site
uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, and for other purposes.
Our site's
registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as
their name and email address). We use customer contact information from
the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact
information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and shared
with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may
opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section
below.
This site
contains links to other sites. http://www.graphicaldynamics.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such
Web sites.
Our site
uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and
services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email
address) and financial information (like their account or credit card
numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders,
information about our company, and promotional material from some of
our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is
also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary and shared
with other companies who may want to contact our visitors. Users may
opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section
below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user
for products and services.
Our online
surveys asks visitors for contact information (like their email address).
We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about
our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The
customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when
necessary and shared with other companies who may want to contact our
visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below.
We run
contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information
(like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to
send users information about our company and promotional material from
some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used
to contact the visitor when necessary and shared with other companies
who may want to contact our visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving
future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. [back]
Public
Forums
This site
makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available
to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in
these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution
when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Supplementation
Information
This site
supplements the information that you provide with information that is
received from third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site
provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us and our partners at the point where we request information about
the visitor.
This site
gives users the following options for removing their information from
our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You
can send email to privacy@graphicaldynamics.com
You
can send mail to the following postal address:
2701 California Av SW, ste. 301, Seattle, WA 98116
You
can call the following telephone number: 206-935-6032
[back]
Change/Modify
This
site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided.
email
privacy@graphicaldynamics.com
send
mail to the following postal address:
2701 California Av SW, ste. 301, Seattle, WA 98116
call
the following telephone number: 206-935-6032
Contacting
the Web Site
If you have
any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Graphical
Dynamics, Inc.
2701
California Av SW
ste.
301
Seattle,
WA 98116
privacy@graphicaldynamics.com
Copyright 2010 Graphical Dynamics,
Inc. | Privacy Policy |