https://www.scheduleview.com/appointment-scheduling/scheduling-privacy.htm
Appointment Scheduling Software |
Free
Demo |
Products |
Quick Tour |
Pricing\Ordering |
Contact Us |
Support |
Privacy
Information
Selent
and Associates Incorporated
Privacy In General
This site does not collect information about you using transparent
background processes. When using this site, you have the opportunity to
submit forms that may, or may not, include personal information. In all
cases, the purpose of the form is solely as expressed on the page where
it appears on the site. Information submitted on forms is used solely
by Selent and Associates Incorporated to provide information and
services to you. We do not share it with any other agency or
organization. You should understand that information submitted using
the forms on this site is transmitted using regular email servers. This
is not considered a "secure" transmission mode, and the absolute
privacy of your communications cannot be guaranteed.
Public Forms and Forums
Message boards, interactive calendars and the like are intended to make
information generally available to everyone. Information that you
submit using forms of this type in the public area of this site is
available to anyone on the Internet, and is also available for indexing
by search engines.
Cookies
This site sometimes uses "cookies" to aid you in page-to-page
navigation and to provide other conveniences to you. A "cookie" is a
very small text file stored on your computer, and updated from time to
time as you move around and interact with the site. While your browser
treats each page you visit as a completely new session, it is sometimes
helpful to remember the state or value of some variable which is common
to several pages. Browsers do this by saving that information in a tiny
file, or "cookie", on your hard drive. This site never uses cookies to
gather information about its visitors'.
Try
ScheduleVIEW Now! FREE
Demo - Click Here
Click
here for our free demo. If you need any assistance,
please call ScheduleVIEW®. Our Toll Free Number is 1-866-877-8555
if you are calling from North America. If not, call +1-941-255-3126.
We are here to help you Monday - Friday, 9-5 EST.
Call
us today at
1-866-877-8555 or 941-255-3126
Our sales and support team is ready to answer all your questions.
Try
ScheduleVIEW®
Now!
Free
Demo - Click Here
HOME
| FREE
DEMO
| QUICK
TOUR | PRICING
| CONTACT | SUPPORT | PRIVACY
POLICY
| LEGAL
NOTICES
©
Copyright 2013 ScheduleVIEW™. All rights reserved.