http://www.smartdraw.com/about/privacy.htm
Site License
What's New
Support
Login
Diagrams
Templates
Features
Enterprise
Developers
Buy
Try it Now
Diagrams
Templates
Features
Enterprise
Developers
Buy
Site License
What's New
Support
Try it Now
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 30, 2020
SmartDraw Software, LLC (the "Company") has updated this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") to reflect changes in data protection law. It applies to the Company's
online and desktop diagramming applications SmartDraw and SmartDraw for Windows Desktop (collectively, "SmartDraw"), the Company's website
www.smartdraw.com, and to other interactions
(e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with the Company
(all of which in this Privacy Policy will collectively be referred to as the "Services").
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use any of the Services or any other aspect of the Company's business.
Separate agreements govern delivery, access and use of SmartDraw including the SmartDraw Terms of Service (the "Terms of Service")
and SmartDraw for Windows Desktop License Agreement (the "Windows License").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Google Drive, Dropbox, Microsoft One Drive, Box or any third-party document storage service
that integrates with SmartDraw.
Further, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party apps, add-ons and extensions you
may choose to use with SmartDraw such as Atlassian's Confluence, Jira and Trello apps.
The person or organization that purchased and entered into the Terms of Service and/or Windows License
(the "Customer") controls access, rights and privileges for SmartDraw along with the disposition of all
associated information, files or other content created and entered into SmartDraw (the "Customer Information").
In some cases, the Customer may not be the individual actually using the Services.
If you were granted access or otherwise authorized to use a license to SmartDraw not purchased and owned
by you (e.g., by your employer or another entity or person) then you are not a Customer, but are an End User ("End User") of SmartDraw.
The term "you" as used in this Privacy Policy includes the Customer and each End User as applicable.
The Company is sometimes referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we" or "us."
End Users of SmartDraw should direct their data privacy questions to the Customer as the
End User's use of SmartDraw is subject to that Customer's privacy policies. The Company is not
responsible for the privacy or security practices of a particular Customer which may differ
from this Privacy Policy. If you as an End User have any questions about privacy practices,
please contact the Customer whose license of SmartDraw you use. You may also contact the
Company by submitting a request
or by phone at 858-225-3300 and the
Company will help you identify a contact for the Customer to whom to direct your privacy concerns.
What Information the Company Collects About You
The Company collects information about you when you provide it to us,
when you use the Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information You Provide To Us Directly
We collect the Customer's email address when it registers for a trial license and/or purchases a
license for SmartDraw.
At the time a license to SmartDraw is purchased, we may also collect
the Customer's name, job title, phone number, fax number, your billing and shipping address,
a VAT or GST tax exemption ID number (if applicable) and payment card information it provides.
We will also collect the details about the license purchased such as the type and term of license,
number of End Users, etc., along with any comments made in conjunction with your order. Similar
information may be collected from each End User as they are authorized to use SmartDraw by the Customer.
We may also collect summary information from phone and email interactions you may have with
our support and sales representatives, including additional information you may have
provided during those interactions. In the online edition of SmartDraw, we also
keep track of any preferences you set.
From time-to-time we may also collect information via surveys. Participation in these
surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and
disclose any information about you. Information requested on such surveys may include
contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information
(such education level, and job function). Survey information will be used only for
purposes of improving the use and customer satisfaction of the Company's products and website.
As a condition to participating in a survey, you will be asked to consent to our
collection and use of survey information you provide.
Information You Provide To Us Indirectly
If you use our website we collect the same basic information that most websites
collect. We use common Internet technologies such as cookies, pixel tracking
and web server log data. The information we collect about all visitors to our
website may include the browser type, IP address, referring site, additional
websites requested, and the date and time of each visitor request. We collect
this information from all website visitors, whether they have an account or not.
A cookie is a piece of data that our server sends to your browser. Your browser
may then store the cookie on your computer and read it back to our server if
you visit our site again. These cookies allow us to create a more personalized
experience for you while visiting our website and using SmartDraw. If you're
concerned about cookies, you can have your browser notify you when it receives
a cookie, giving you the choice to accept or decline it. Without cookies, however,
you will not be able to log into your SmartDraw account or use the online edition
of SmartDraw.
Use of cookies are necessary to the performance of SmartDraw.
The Company uses third-party tracking tools to improve the performance and
features of the Services, and to provide a more customized and relevant
experience as you use the Services. These third-party tracking tools are
designed to collect information about your use of the Services.
The Company uses Enhanced Google Analytics Tools (the "Google Analytics Tools")
including Google AdSense, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display
Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest
Reporting and YouTube embedded videos as well as integrated services that
require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and
identifiers. You can learn more about the Google Analytics Tools at:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/.
Should you choose to no longer share your information with Google and no
longer have your information collected by the Google Analytics Tools,
you may opt-out by following the procedure outlined at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
The Company uses Bing analytics and remarketing. Should you choose to no longer
share your information with Bing, you may opt-out from Bing ad tracking by
following the procedure outlined here: https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout.
The Company uses Yahoo analytics and remarketing. Should you choose to no longer share
your information with Yahoo, you may opt-out from Yahoo ad tracking by following
the procedure outlined here: https://aim.yahoo.com/aim/sg/en/optout/.
When you communicate with the Company through social media, or provide a comment
directed at us through social media, we may use social media and other communication
mechanisms available to us to communicate with you.
We may also promote content
of interest to you through social media.
You may opt out or configure your
social media account settings to limit promotion of such content.
When you use the online edition of SmartDraw, in addition to the website
information outlined above, we will also collect information about your
activity when you use SmartDraw such as date and time of access, number
of log-ins, UI elements clicked on, actions taken, data displayed,
number of documents you created.
We also store all of the documents
you create using the online edition of SmartDraw on our servers, unless
you choose to use a third-party document storage service such as
Google Drive, Dropbox, Microsoft OneDrive, or Box. Should you choose to
use our integration with a third-party document storage service to store
your SmartDraw documents, the user information provided to the Company
from the third-party document storage service is your first name,
last name and email address.
This will allow us to communicate
with you (subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy). The documents
you create and edit using SmartDraw and which are stored on one of
the third-party document storage services will be uploaded to SmartDraw's
servers during the time they are being edited, and the changes you make
will be downloaded back to the third-party document storage service.
A temporary copy of the SmartDraw document will remain on SmartDraw's
servers until such time as the editing session has been completed and browser closed.
If you use the online edition of SmartDraw with third-party apps and
add-ons (such as Atlassian's Confluence, Jira and Trello apps)
information from your documents will be shared with those apps.
If you use the SmartDraw for Windows Desktop Edition, a validation
feature will from time-to-time verify that SmartDraw has been
activated and is properly licensed. During such a validation check,
the validation feature will send the version number and the unique
License number to our servers to verify that the license remains valid.
In addition, when installing the SmartDraw for Windows Desktop Edition,
a messaging system is also installed in order to provide you with
periodic licensing and updating reminders. The documents you create with
the SmartDraw for Windows Desktop Edition are typically stored on
your own computers and/or servers (or your own third-party storage services).
You may, however, choose to access and use the storage capability of the
online edition of SmartDraw (if you have a valid license) to store and
interact with your documents using the SmartDraw for Windows Desktop Edition.
We do not knowingly collect information on children under the age of 18.
How We Use Information We Collect About You
The Company uses the information we collect to provide you
with the Services, which includes using information to improve and
personalize your experiences. We also use the information to
communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account,
new products or services available, security and other types of updates.
Providing the Services to You
We use information we collect about you to provide, operate, support and improve
the Services we offer to ensure our customers can use SmartDraw as effortlessly
as possible. For example, information may be used to: (a) authenticate your
identity when you register and each time you sign in; (b) notify you when
subscriptions are due to expire, (c) to pre-populate forms, (d) integrate
with third-party storage services, apps and add-ons that you use; and (e) otherwise
as required by law.
This processing is necessary for the performance of the
agreements we have with you that permit you to use the Services.
Customer Support
We use information we collect about you to respond to customer inquiries,
diagnose problems with SmartDraw, assist customers with their diagramming questions,
and to provide other customer care and support services. This processing is necessary
for the performance of the agreements we have with you that permit you to use the
Services, as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Product Improvement
We use information we collect about you for research purposes and to develop
and improve our Services, including maintaining and improving the performance
of SmartDraw, developing and adding new features or capabilities, such as using
error reports to improve security features, and using search queries and clicks
to improve the relevance of search results.
This processing is necessary to
serve our legitimate interest.
Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution
We use information we collect about you to protect the security and safety
of our Services and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve
disputes and enforce our agreements. This processing is necessary to serve
our legitimate interest.
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
We use the information we collect about you to deliver and personalize our
communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other
means of electronic communication (including through the SmartDraw for Windows
messaging app) to inform you about available updates to SmartDraw including
security or software upgrades. This processing is necessary to serve our
legitimate interest.
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information.
First, we use information we collect about you to enable us to perform the
agreements we have with you that permit you to use the Services. For example,
to complete your purchase of a license to SmartDraw, to register and maintain
your account, to provide support, to handle refunds, to ensure that SmartDraw
performs its basic functions in a secure way, or to respond to your requests.
Without the use of this information, it would be difficult and in some cases
impossible to make the Services available to you in a functional manner.
Next, we may use your information for our legitimate interests. For example,
we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve the Services
and our content on the Services, to send you notifications about software
updates or information about SmartDraw or to use your personal information
for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.
How To Access and Control Information We Collect About You
You can request that the Company update your information, request a copy
of your information or request the deletion of your information.
You can exercise some of your choices by logging into SmartDraw, going to "Account"
and using the settings available there. If you are an End User, you may need
to contact the Customer to assist with your requests first.
Your requests and choices may be limited in certain cases.
For example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about
another person, or if you ask to delete information which the Company
or the Customer are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate
interests to keep, your choices may be constrained. Where you have asked
us to share data with third parties, for example, by using a third-party
document storage service or by using third-party apps and extensions
that work with SmartDraw, you may need to contact those third-party
service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted.
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us by using the
unsubscribe link within each email or by submitting a request
or by phone at 858-225-3300 to have your contact information
removed from our marketing email list. Even after you opt out from receiving
marketing messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional
messages from us regarding SmartDraw.
Even if SmartDraw is not currently provided to you by an organization,
if you use an email address provided to you by an organization
(such as your work email address) to access SmartDraw, then the
owner of the domain associated with your email address (e.g. your employer)
may assert administrative control over your account and use of SmartDraw
at a later date. If you do not want an administrator to be able to
assert control over your account or use of the SmartDraw, use a
personal email address to register for a trial and/or to purchase SmartDraw.
Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator's
organizational policies for more information.
How We Store and Secure Information We Collect About You
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to
protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration or destruction of personal information you provide to
SmartDraw. We control employee and contractor access to encrypted
materials, and we also employ secure transmission protocols in
sending you emails and other electronic communications. SmartDraw
engages an outside auditing firm to conduct a Service Organization
Control (SOC) 2 Type II audit each year to ensure we have the
proper controls in place to protect your information.
If you choose to purchase our products and/or services, your credit card number will be encrypted and will be transmitted securely to our PCI-compliant payment processor. You can verify encryption by looking
for a closed lock icon in your web browser, or looking for "https"
at the beginning of the address of the web page.
If you have questions, comments or complaints regarding
our security practices, please contact us at security@smartdraw.com.
We will respond to your request as soon as possible.
How We Share Information We Collect About You
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information
with third parties for their commercial purposes. We share
information with a limited number of third-party vendors
who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our services,
and who have agreed to privacy restrictions similar to our own
Privacy Policy. Our vendors perform services such as payment
processing, network data transmission, content delivery
networks, and other services. You may also choose to use
third-party document storage services, and third-party apps
and extensions where information may be shared.
Information may also be transferred in connection with a
business transition such as a merger, acquisition,
restructuring, spin-off or other divestiture, insolvency,
or asset sale involving SmartDraw and its company affiliates.
SmartDraw gives you the option to share documents. You may
share these files privately with others that you specifically
select, or make them public and post them on social media sites.
The choice to keep files private, to share files with others,
or to make them public is entirely yours.
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield and Dispute Resolution for Customers in the EU and Switzerland
As pertains to the Company's processing of personal data it receives from
the EU and Switzerland ("EU-Swiss Data"), the Company complies with the EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the
U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal
information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.
In addition to the Company, SmartDraw, LLC and SmartDraw Leasing, LLC are also covered entities under the Frameworks.
The Company has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the
Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy
and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification,
please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
As a participant in the Privacy Shield program the Company is subject to the investigatory
and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, the Company commits to
resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield
policy should first contact the Company at privacy@smartdraw.com.
The Company has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints
to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services ("JAMS"), an alternative dispute
resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely
acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint
to your satisfaction, please contact or visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
for more information or to file a complaint.
The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Under certain conditions specified
by the Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint.
If the Company shares EU-Swiss Data with a third-party service provider that processes
the data solely on the Company's behalf, then the Company will be liable for that
third party's processing of EU-Swiss Data in violation of the Principles, unless
the Company can prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Under the Principles, you have the right to access your information that the Company
has collected from you. You may do so by contacting the Company by submitting a request
or by phone at 858-225-3300. You have the right
to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data by not providing said information
to the Company or by not using SmartDraw. The Company may be required to disclose
personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
You may request that the Company correct, amend, or delete your information where
it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Principles, except
where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the
risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons
other than the individual would be violated.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
In addition to the other rights of Customers and End Users set forth in this Privacy Policy, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the "CCPA") provides
certain rights to Customers and End Users that are California "consumers" (defined in the CCPA as any natural person who is a resident of the State of California).
These additional rights include the following:
The Right to Request Disclosure or Deletion of Personal Information
The categories of personal information the Company collects about you, the sources from which such personal information about you is collected,
how the Company uses the personal information it collects about you, the purposes for which personal information is collected about you,
the categories of third parties with whom the personal information collected about you is shared and the specific types of personal
information the Company the Company collects about you are generally described in the Privacy Policy.
Each Customer and End User who is a California consumer has the right to request, not more than twice in any twelve
month period, that the Company provide such consumer with a disclosure in writing of (a) the specific information
the Company has collected about such consumer, (b) the categories of information the Company has collected about such consumer,
(c) the purpose for which the personal information was collected, and (d) if applicable, the categories of third parties to
whom the personal information has been sold, in each case for at least the twelve month period prior to the date of the request.
As set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, the Company does not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information with
third parties for their commercial purposes. The Company will not charge for complying with any such request for information.
Each Customer and End User who is a California consumer also has the right to request that the
Company delete all personal information that the Company has collected about such consumer.
The right of a consumer to request disclosure of, or deletion of, personal information is subject to certain
limitations, including the limitations described in How to Access and Control Information We Collect About You elsewhere
in this Privacy Policy. All requests for disclosure or deletion of information are subject to verification procedures
utilized by the Company to ensure that the consumer making the request is the same consumer about whom the business has collected personal information.
About Cookies
As described under Information You Provide to Us Indirectly elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, cookies used by the Company identify you as a unique user of SmartDraw.
The cookie itself is anonymous and does not contain any personal data, except when such information has been supplied by you, such as when you provide your name and
email address when signing up for a trial license or purchasing a license. Under the CCPA, if any cookie can uniquely identify you or the device you are using via an
IP address or other online identifier, this is considered personal data.
Without cookies, however, you will not be able to log into your SmartDraw account or use the online edition of SmartDraw.
Use of cookies are necessary to the performance of SmartDraw. See Information You Provide to Us Indirectly elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Requests
Requests for disclosure of or deletion of personal information can be made by logging into SmartDraw, going to
"Account" and using the settings available there.Requests for disclosure of or deletion of personal information can also be made by telephone at 800-768-3729.
Updates to Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback.
When we post changes to this policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this policy.
If there are material updates to this policy or in how the Company will use your personal information,
we will notify you by posting a notice of such an update on the privacy policy link and/or emailing
you when implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to be
informed of how the Company is protecting your information.
If you have questions, comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@smartdraw.com.
Physical Address
SmartDraw Software, LLC
1780 Hughes Landing Blvd. Suite 1100
The Woodlands, TX 77380
Phone: 858-225-3300
By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies.   Read More
©1994-2020 SmartDraw, LLC
Site Map
Home
Diagrams
Templates
Features
Support
Blog
Buy
About
Privacy [UPDATED]
Diagrams
Flowchart Software
Floor Plan Designer
Organizational Chart Templates
Follow Us