http://www.rfgen.com/privacy-policy/
About
Contact Us
Free Demo Request
Development Studio
Our Mobile Platform
Consulting Services
Training Services
Leadership Team
Careers
Become a Partner
RFgen + Mobile Data Collection
Technical Overview for IT
Products
RFgen for Deltek
RFgen for MS Dynamics
RFgen for JD Edwards
RFgen for Oracle EBS
RFgen for Oracle SCM Cloud
RFgen for SAP
RFgen for Other
Development Studio
Hardware Devices
Hardware Discovery Call
Consulting Services
Remote Warehouse
Solutions
Mobile Barcoding
Traceability
Digital Transformation
Warehouse Automation
Advanced Warehousing
Inventory Management
License Plating
Asset Management
Maintenance & Repair
Proof of Delivery
Voice Picking
INDUSTRIES
SUPPORT
RFgen 5.2 Launch
RFgen and COVID-19
Supply Chain Blog
Open-Source App Suites
Deltek Apps
JD Edwards Apps
Oracle Cloud Apps
Oracle EBS Apps
SAP Apps
SAP Business One Apps
Features Available in RFgen Version 5.1
Built-in Soft Keyboards
Cloning Child Controls at Run time
Effortless Translation
JD Edwards Web Services Connector
Google Geo-Location and Tagging Support
Google Maps Integration and Route Planning
Offline Android and iOS Applications
PanelList Control
Parent-Child Relationships and New Toolbox Controls
TreeView Control
Product Portal
Knowledgebase
Library
Newsroom
RFgen Session at Deltek Insight
HAND Partners with RFgen Software
RFgen Mobile Foundations on SAP App Center
Case Studies
Blog
Online ROI Calculator
Product Datasheets
White Papers
Videos
Search
Request Info
Schedule Consult
Search
Request Info
Schedule Consult
RFgen Software
A Division of the DataMAX Software Group, Inc.
(Revised July 13, 2018)
YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES AND WEBSITES IS SUBJECT TO YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
The DataMAX Software Group, Inc. ("DataMAX") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you may provide while using our websites and services. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") is intended to provide you with notice of the following:
The Websites and Services Covered by this Policy
We currently operate the following websites: www.rfgen.com
In addition, we subscribe to services that may redirect you to other domain names to provide content-specific online services that we offer. Examples of subsites are: rfgen.webex.com
From time to time, we may add new websites that may not be listed above, but they will provide a link to this Policy and will be governed by its terms.
What Personal Information We Collect From You
General - We do not collect any personal information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you decide to provide us with your personal information (e.g., name, email address, and mailing address), we will only collect the personal information that is needed to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. If you refuse to divulge your personal information when requested, you will not be able to access certain areas on the websites (such as the download area, message forums, etc.).
Memberships and Registration - In order for you to register with RFgen, we require you to provide us with your name, address, a valid email address, as well as answer a few questions to help us understand your interest in our company and products. Some areas of the RFgen website may allow you to visit as a guest and remain anonymous, but you may not be able to access all of the content and features of those areas without registering. You may be asked to choose a user or member name and password. Please note your user name will be available to the Internet's general public while you participate in some services, such as message forums or open source postings, so exercise discretion when using these services. Personal information disclosed by you within our message forums can be collected by other users of such services and may result in unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for protecting such information you may disclose to third parties through our services (e.g. posting your telephone number to our message forum). To the extent you create a public profile that may be available to others on our websites and services, you are solely responsible for its content and accuracy at all times. To edit or change such information, follow the instructions on the website.
Resume Submissions and Business Capacity - The DataMAX Software Group, Inc. allows the online submission of resumes. Please be advised information (including personal information) contained in a job applicant's resume or otherwise submitted to DataMAX in a business capacity is not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. The information obtained from your resume will be used for the purpose of accepting and evaluating your submission for a position.
How We Use the Information We Collect From You
Personal information which we collect for a particular purpose will only be saved and used for that purpose unless you have agreed to allow us to use it for other purposes, as described in this Policy. For example, if you make an online purchase from DataMAX, unless you have given us permission to do otherwise, we will only collect and save the personal information you provided to us, including your billing and delivery information, in order to (1) complete the sale, (2) comply with tax and other applicable statutes, (3) maintain accurate business and financial records (in accordance with accepted standards), and (4) assist with customer service and returns.
When you have provided personal information to us for a particular purpose, we may disclose your information to other companies we have engaged to assist us in fulfilling your request. This may include but is not limited to, fulfillment houses, transaction managers, credit verification services, and other service providers. We may also disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other appropriate third parties in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities; as otherwise may be required by applicable law or in order to protect the legitimate legal and business interests of DataMAX.
We use the information we collect to learn your preferences and improve our websites and our products. We do not send unsolicited email to our members.
Except as described in this policy, we will not divulge personal information to any third party without your express approval.
You will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of the websites, of any personal information contained in the DataMAX database for such site, if DataMAX or one of its companies assigns all of its rights and obligations regarding the use of your personal information at the time of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of DataMAX's or such DataMAX company's assets to a subsequent owner or operator, or similar event.
Information About Links and Third Parties Related to Our Websites and Services
This Policy applies only to information collected online by DataMAX through websites maintained by DataMAX. From time to time, we may provide links to third party websites. This Policy does not apply to third party websites, whether we provide a link to such sites or not, so we encourage you to review the policies of all such websites carefully, as your rights will be governed by those third party policies and not by DataMAX's. Additionally, there may be unauthorized third party websites that may be providing links from their websites to our websites without our knowledge or control. We are not responsible for the content of any third party websites, expressly disclaim any statements or assertions made on such websites, and deny all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other sites or advertisements contained therein.
How You May Access or Change the Information You Have Provided to Us
Subject to security and privacy concerns (e.g., regarding your password), we will give you the ability to review, correct and/or update your information. To do so, you may send us an e-mail at: support@rfgen.com. If you choose to have your personal information removed from our active databases, we will do so within a reasonable timeframe after your request and we will take reasonable steps to ensure your personal data is not used (except as may be required by law) by DataMAX after your notification to us.
Other Important Agreements Governing Your Use of Our Websites and Services
In addition to this Policy, your rights and obligations concerning our websites, services, and content therein are governed by the applicable website terms of service, the applicable software's end user license agreement and/or terms of use, and other applicable policies, guidelines, and requirements. When you sign up to use our websites, please review each such agreement carefully, as you must agree to be bound by each such agreement before you may use the service.
Information for Persons Outside the United States
By consenting to this Policy, you confirm your command and knowledge of English is sufficient to understand the terms and conditions set forth herein.
For persons in European Union countries, as used herein, terms such as "Personal information" refer to "Personal data" as defined by the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation), instituted May 25, 2018. This regulation covers the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the "Regulation"). We will not collect any personal data from you unless you provide it voluntarily by providing us, with your freely given specific and informed consent. You may read further about the Regulation stipulations here.
Our Commitment to Secure the Personal Information We Have Collected
While DataMAX takes precautions against possible breaches in its websites and customer databases, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Consequently, DataMAX cannot guarantee unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Your use of the DataMAX websites and services is at your own risk. DataMAX urges you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place (separate from your account information), logging out of your user account, and closing your web browser.
Whenever you give DataMAX sensitive or confidential information (for example, credit card numbers for purchases), DataMAX will take commercially reasonable steps to protect the information by establishing a secure connection with your web browser. DataMAX employs a security technology known as a secure-socket-layer ("SSL") to protect the transmission of payment information to the website. Unless otherwise specified herein or on the website where you make a purchase, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing purposes.
Regarding our Software Products
We do not save or have access to, any data collected via our Software products. For custom programming projects we may require access to your servers or test data on a temporary basis, but only with your permission. We do not collect, transmit, sell, or rent your information to other organizations.
Notice of Changes to the Policy
DataMAX reserves the right to change this Policy at any time by notifying registered users via email of the existence of a new Policy and/or posting the new Policy on the DataMAX sites. All changes to the Policy will be effective when posted, your continued use of any DataMAX site or service after the posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
© 2018-2020 RFgen Software, A Division of the DataMAX Software Group, Inc. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy.