http://www.artistic-effects.com/terms/
3D Text Commander turns any plain-text message into a captivating 3D text, letting you create your own 3D text logos, banners.  More info »
Copyright Notice
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button
icons, images, digital downloads, data compilations, and
software, is the property of Lokas Software or its content
suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The
compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of
Lokas Software and protected by international copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of Lokas Software
or its software suppliers and protected by international
copyright laws.
Trademarks
Lokas Software, AWicons are registered trademarks of Lokas Software.
Insofta, Cover Commander are registered trademarks of Insofta Development.
Microsoft, Windows, Windows XP, Windows Vista are registered trademarks of
Microsoft Corporation. Adobe, Illustrator are registered trademarks
of Adobe System Incorporated.
Privacy Statement
Lokas Software will not distribute customer information to be
used in mailing lists,
surveys, or any other purpose other than what is required to perform our
services.
Lokas Software is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our
customers' personal
data.
Artistic Effects
3D Maker
3D Shadow
Stock Icons
- Flat Icons
- Flat Artistic Icons
- Symbol Color Icons
- Symbol Duo Icons
- Symbol Black Icons
- Vista Artistic Icons
- Vista Business Icons
- Vista Medical Icons
- Soft Icons
- Realistic Icons
- Aero Icons
- XP Artistic Icons
- Other...
AWicons Pro
3D Text Commander
Cover Commander
Document Backup
Join our free e-mail newsletter to receive news of the latest releases. Enter your e-mail:
Copyright © 2000-2020 Lokas Software. All rights reserved. Terms of use and privacy policy info. Free icons, online icon converter.
Home  |
Products  |
Order  |
Bundles  |
Download  |
Support  |
Distribution |
Contacts