http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/rotenberg-testimony-398.html
Testimony and Statement for the Record
of Marc Rotenberg
Director, Electronic Privacy Information Center
Adjunct Professor, Georgetown University Law Center
on Communications Privacy
before the Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual
Property
House Judiciary Committee
U.S. House of Representatives March 26, 1998 SUMMARY Public opinion polls show that privacy is the
number one concern of Internet users. Everyone is aware that a great
deal of personal information is collected, and that virtually no
meaningful protections are in place. In the McVeigh-AOL case, a person almost lost
his job because of information that was improperly disclosed by an
online service provider. An amendment to Electronic Communications
Privacy Act could help prevent similar incidents in the future. But
the example is just one of the many privacy risks that people using
the Internet today face. The Internet lacks adequate privacy protection.
A survey by the Electronic Privacy Information Center in 1997 of the
100 top web sites found that less than half had privacy policies, and
those with policies offered little real protection. Still, anonymity
plays a critical role in online privacy as it gives individuals the
ability to control the disclosure of their identity. Even though the Internet is a very new
communications environment, the commitment to establish privacy
protection by law in the United States is long-standing. The US
developed important legal safeguards to protect the privacy of
communications and established the fundamental approach to the
protection of personal information -- generally described as "Fair
Information Practices" -- that make clear the responsibilities of
organizations that collect data and the rights of individuals who
give up personal information. But our policies US have not kept up to date.
The absence of new legal protections for privacy coupled with
government efforts to restrict the use of new privacy enhancing
techniques, such as encryption, have produced a privacy policy that
is almost exactly backward. This becomes particularly clear if you
contrast our current policy with our own history of privacy
protection and current developments in other parts of the
world. Several steps must be taken to set our privacy
policy back on course. First, enforceable Fair Information Practices
should be applied to the Internet. This is best done by legislation.
The self-regulatory approach is not working. Second, techniques to
protect privacy and anonymity should be encouraged and restrictions
on encryption should be lifted. Finally, a privacy agency should be
established to develop additional recommendations for privacy
protection and to provide permanent leadership within the federal
government on this important issue. We are at the beginning of a long and difficult
period for the protection of privacy in this country. Technology is
racing ahead. Our laws and institutions are lagging far behind. The
level of public concern about privacy is growing. There is much work
to be done. My name is Marc Rotenberg. I am the Director of
the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a non-partisan research
organization in Washington, DC. I am an adjunct professor at
Georgetown University Law Center and Senior Lecturer at the
Washington College of Law. I am also editor, with Philip E. Agre,
of Technology and Privacy: The New
Landscape (MIT Press 1997). I appreciate the opportunity to testify before
the Subcommittee today. I’d like to thank the Subcommittee for
holding this hearing and also for your ongoing work in support of
Representative Goodlatte’s SAFE bill that would help reform our
nation’s policy on encryption.
The McVeigh-AOL Case The growing concern about the loss of privacy
on the Intenet was made clear earlier this year when the Navy began
discharge proceedings against a decorated sailor based on personal
information about the sailor disclosed by America Online. A Navy
investigator, suspecting that Mr. McVeigh might be in violation of
the "Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell" policy, obtained information
that linked Mr. McVeigh’s "screen name," which was not his
actual identity, with his real identity. Once the connection was
established, the discharge proceeding began. The McVeigh-AOL case raised a complicated set
of legal issues. The AOL Terms of Service agreement specifically
prohibited this disclosure. But a civil action against the company
would not mean reinstatement by the Navy. The disclosure also
appeared to violate the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, but
the statute is ambiguous about the remedies available to victims of
such disclosure. Mr. McVeigh filed suit against Navy Secretary
John Dalton in federal court. Judge Stanley Sporkin found that the
Navy had violated the "Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell policy" when
it pursued the investigation. In the course of the decision, Judge
Sporkin also considered whether the Navy violated the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act. The opinion is a little less clear on
this point. Judge Sporkin said the investigation undertaken by the
Navy was "likely illegal" under the ECPA because the Navy
investigator failed to obtain a warrant before he sought personal
information from America Online about Mr. McVeigh. The government
contended that the obligation to comply with ECPA fell not on the
government actor but rather on the online service provider.
Judge Sporkin said that the statute read as a
whole made clear the intent to regulate the conduct of government
agents. He found that even if the relevant provision did not apply to
the actions of government (18 USC § 2703), "it is elementary
that information obtained improperly can be suppressed where an
individual’s rights have been violated." Judge Sporkin concluded
"in these days of ‘big brother,’ where through technology
and otherwise the privacy interests of individuals from all walks of
life are being ignored or marginalized, it is imperative that statues
explicitly protecting these rights be strictly observed." The McVeigh case is critical for several
reasons. First, it makes clear that privacy violations have real
consequences. Mr. McVeigh’s life was forever changed by the
decision of America Online to disclose personal information about him
to his employer. Second, the case shows the shortcomings of
contractual solutions. Even with a very clear contract provision
detailing when personal information may be disclosed, the Navy
investigator was still able to obtain personal information about Mr.
McVeigh. Third, the case shows that we are all becoming increasingly
dependent on these new services to safeguard our privacy. America
Online today has more than eleven million subscribers. Mr. McVeigh’s case, because the improper
disclosure of information was so well documented, received national
attention. But there are many other people in this country who face
similar privacy risks, whose names will never be known. Indeed, they
themselves may never know that information about them was improperly
disclosed.
What is Privacy?
In some respects, the McVeigh case appears
complicated. AOL didn’t actually disclose personal information
about Mr. McVeigh, such as an unlisted phone number or a Social
Security Number. Rather, the company disclosed information that
linked his actual identity to an assumed identity. The Internet
raises many privacy issues that seem novel or unusual:
Search engines allow people to find
information all across the Internet but can also store the
identity of the user and the inquiry the person made. Should this
information be saved, should it be disclosed or sold, or used for
marketing?
Copyright management systems will record
the individual use of digital works such as books sold online and
newspapers read over the Internet. Should personally identifiable
information be collected or should techniques to protect anonymity
be pursued?
Internet software makes it possible to
track the web sites that a user visits and the pages he or she
views. Should advertisers compile individual preferences to
customize ads or place products on web displays?
Operators of web sites can easily collect a
great deal of information from individuals, far more than would be
available in a typical commercial transaction. Should companies
collect this information, use it, or it?
Marketers are developing one-to-one
marketing techniques specifically designed to target young people.
Are special privacy safeguards necessary for children?
Internet Service Providers provide a
critical gateway to the on-line world. Should they have a special
obligation to protect privacy and be subject to legal
rules?
As complicated as these examples may seem, the
basic privacy analysis is not so difficult. The premise that
virtually all privacy law and policy is based on is the belief that
when individuals give up personally identifiable information to
organizations, the organizations take on some obligation and the
individuals are granted some rights. We call these responsibilities
and rights "Fair Information Practices." The critical elements of Fair Information
Practices include:
Distinguishing personally information from
other information. Demographic data and aggregate data generally
do not raise privacy concerns, but data that can be a linked to a
specific, identifiable individual does raise a privacy issue.
Articulating the responsibilities of data
collectors, such as the responsibility to limit disclosure of
personal information, to ensure that it is used for the purpose
collected, and to provide adequate security to protect that
data
Articulating the rights of data subjects,
such as the right to inspect and correct data, to seek redress,
and to receive damages
You will find this approach to privacy
protection in virtually all of the privacy laws in the United States,
including many of the recent statutes that address new technologies,
such as the subscriber privacy provision in the Cable Act of 1984,
the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, the Video Privacy
Protection Act of 1998 (video tape rentals), the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act of 1991 (auto-dialers and junk faxes), and even the
CPNI rules contained in the Telecommunication Reform Act of 1996
(customer billing information). To be effective, Fair Information Practices
must be enforced and must provide redress. It is not enough to say
what a policy is without providing a means to enforce the policy.
That is why voluntary guidelines, professional standards, and codes
of conduct that are based on Fair Information Practices do not
necessarily provide significant privacy protection. There are also some novel issues. One very
interesting and very important policy question is brought about by
the development of new technologies that make it possible to protect
privacy in ways we had not previously imagined. Traditionally, we
understood that technology was a threat to privacy and that it was
the proper role of government to restrict the use of techniques that
might intrude on privacy. But now we see in such techniques as public
key encryption and anonymous payment schemes the opportunity to
develop new means to limit the disclosure of personal
information. The critical question then becomes what role
government should play in promoting, regulating, or restricting
techniques such as encryption that allow individuals to protect
personal information. In the United States this debate has largely
been framed in terms of the need to balance the interests of privacy
and commerce against the concerns of law enforcement and national
security. But in most other parts of the world that have looked at
this issue, there is a very different view. Many governments believe
that these new technologies should be promoted and that efforts to
impose controls for law enforcement purposes are short-sited and will
ultimately prove futile. In my view, privacy in the information age
means both the extension of Fair Information Practices to new
information environments and the active promotion of techniques,
often based on encryption, to protect the disclosure of personal
information. This is the fundamental policy goal.
Understanding the Problem of Privacy on
the Internet To understand the problem of privacy on the
Internet in more detail, EPIC conducted a survey of the top 100 web
sites in the summer of 1997. It was the first comprehensive survey of
Internet privacy. We looked at the policies and practices actually in
place on the most popular web sites. For each site, we checked
whether personally identifiable information was collected, whether a
notice describing privacy polices was displayed, whether the policy
was adequate, and similar questions. We found that about half of the sites that we
surveyed collected personal information. This was typically done for
on-line registration, surveys, user profiles and order fulfillment.
Seventeen sites had privacy notices or statements, but the policies
were often not easy to locate and some policies we could only find
after we registered at the site. We believed it was important to look not simply
at whether the site had a privacy policy. It is critical that a
privacy policy explain the responsibilities of organizations
collecting data and rights of the person who provides data. We found
that few of the sites provided adequate protection. A critical
question for the future of Internet privacy will be whether there is
a means to enforce Fair Information Practices. One of the most interesting findings in our
survey was that anonymity was largely respected by the websites. Most
websites allow users to visit and receive information — about
products, or news, or almost anything else you can find on the
Internet — without collecting personal information. In the conclusions of our report we said
that:
Web sites should establish a privacy policy
that is easy to find
Policies should state clearly what personal
information is collected and how it will be used
Web sites should make it possible for
individuals to access their own data
Cookies transactions should be more
transparent
Anonymity should be encouraged
We closed with the warning "surfer beware"
because we concluded that there was simply too little privacy
protection on the Internet for users to feel secure, and we hoped
stronger privacy standards would be developed. Several web operators wrote to us after
Surfer Beware was released to say that they were developing privacy
policies for their sites. The New York Times web site added a privacy
policy a few days after our report came out. The response has been
very good. This month the Federal Trade Commission is
conducting a similar survey of 1,200 web sites. I suspect that the
FTC will find that a growing numbers of web sites do now have privacy
polices. But whether those policies are meaningful or provide any
redress to users of these services remains unclear. It is worth
noting that America Online has one of the most comprehensive and
detailed privacy policies of any company operating on the Internet
today. And still Timothy McVeigh almost lost his job.
History of Communications
Privacy One of the great achievements of the American
legal system has been our strong commitment to protecting the privacy
of personal communications. You can trace this history back at least
as far as Benjamin Franklin, who in establishing the national postal
service recognized the need to enact federal law to protect the
privacy of communications. But it was not until 1928 that the Supreme
Court had its first brush with the question of whether our Bill of
Rights, drafted in the eighteenth century, would apply to the new
communications technologies of the twentieth century and beyond. The
case concerned a highly successful bootlegging operation in the
Pacific Northwest operated by Ralph Olmstead. Federal agents began an
extensive surveillance operation that lasted for more than five
months. They had no recording devices, so they wrote down what they
heard. Sometimes they relayed their recollections of conversations to
a stenographer. In the end, they compiled more than 775 pages that
they brought to court. The issue was whether the Fourth Amendment
warrant requirement would be applied to this new investigative
technique. The trial court let the evidence in, over the objection of
Mr. Olmstead, and the appeals court affirmed. When the case finally reached the Supreme Court
Chief Justice William Taft wrote a detailed opinion that focused on
the absence of a physical search, of the type proscribed by the
Fourth Amendment, and concluded that the evidence was admissible. The
Court held that the Fourth Amendment simply did not apply to this new
form of communication. But there were two important dissents. Justice
Holmes called the matter a "dirty business" because the federal
agents had violated a Washington state law that prohibited
wiretapping to obtain the evidence. He voted to reverse. Justice Brandeis also dissented. His opinion
was not so much about the illegal acts of federal agents; he was more
interested in the question of how the Fourth Amendment and our
Constitution generally, should apply to these new communication
technologies. He wrote, in one of the most famous phrases in American
law, that the makers of our Constitution "sought to protect Americans
in their beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions and their
sensations. They conferred, as against the Government, the right to
be let alone — the most comprehensive of all rights and the
right most valued by civilized men." Brandeis’s dissent in
Olmstead
reminds us that the protection of privacy is at the heart of our
system of ordered liberty and that that law is an evolving
process. The Supreme Court eventually adopted Justice
Brandeis’s view and decided in 1967 that the Fourth Amendment
did indeed apply to telephone communications. Following the
Katz
decision and a related case, Berger v.
New York, the Congress set out in 1968
to establish a framework to allow electronic wiretapping only under
the most limited circumstances. The Congress made clear at that time
that wiretapping was to be an investigative means of "last
resort." While some have said that Title III makes clear
that the police have the right to wiretap telephone communications
when a court order is obtained, I believe the better view of the Act
is that it ensured that electronic surveillance would be brought
within strict Fourth Amendment requirements. In other words, our
federal wiretapping statute was intended to limit this investigative
technique to the narrowest circumstances. Since 1967 there have been a number of
significant developments in the law of communications privacy. In
1978 the Congress passed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to
deal with the difficult problem of wiretapping of foreign agents. The
Supreme Court had left open the question in the Katz case of whether the
Fourth Amendment should apply to national security cases. The
Congress resolved this question with the FISA in 1978, establishing a
Title III-like framework, albeit with more secrecy and less
accountability. In the mid-1980s the growth of the Internet and
new communications services was apparent. People were using desktop
computers and sending messages to one another by means of electronic
mail. Questions about the appropriate standards for government
searches were arising. In response, Congress amended Title III and
enacted the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which extended
privacy protection to stored electronic communications. The next significant development came in 1994
when Congress passed the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA), a measure commonly referred to as "digital
telephony." CALEA gave the Department of Justice the authority to set
technical standards for the nation’s telephone system in an
attempt to ensure the ongoing viability of wiretapping. Many said at the time that the measure was
considered that it was a mistake to pass such legislation, not only
because it was a fundamental change in the law’s approach to
electronic surveillance and police powers generally, but also that
the bill would be impractical and ultimately unworkable. For better or worse, this predication seems now
to be correct. The FBI and the telephone industry are mired in
endless debates about implementing the legislation, the estimated
costs are far beyond the initial authorization, the technology
innovations continue, and the CALEA policy has slowed the adoption of
technical methods, such as encryption, that could make our
communications network more secure and reduce the risk of crime.
Moreover, our government is now in the unfortunate position of urging
other nations to develop more extensive surveillance
capabilities. I hope at some point in the future the
Judiciary Committee will have the opportunity to revisit CALEA and to
consider whether this is still a sensible policy initiative.
The Role of Government
The United States was for many years a leader
in efforts to protect personal privacy. Justice Brandeis wrote a
famous law review article on the right to privacy in the late
nineteenth century that established the legal claim in this country
and elsewhere. The privacy right came to be described as the
"American tort." Many other countries joined the US effort to
firmly establish this right following the end of the Second World
War. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights was adopted and the
right of privacy was made explicit in the constitutions of many
governments. The United States continued to lead in the
modern era of privacy protection with passage of the Fair Credit
Reporting Act in 1970 and then with the Privacy Act of the 1974 that
provided comprehensive privacy protection for records held by the
federal government. But our lead has slipped, and we are now viewed
by many as falling behind in the effort to protect this critical
right. The Administration’s own record on privacy protection has
been very poor. Not only has the White House resisted calls from
long-time trading partners and allies to develop stronger privacy
measures, it has actively opposed efforts by other governments to
extend privacy rights to their own citizens. This combined with the
Administration’s attempt to extend techniques for electronic
surveillance has placed the United States in the unfortunate position
of promoting state surveillance as other governments are trying to
establish privacy protection. The sharp contrast in our government’s
approach to privacy issues, when compared with other governments, can
be understood by considering the significance of the date "October
1998." In Europe that is the date when the European Data Directive
goes into force. It is a comprehensive privacy measure that
establishes rights for citizens and recognizes that privacy
protection will remain critical for the information economy. It is
the result of many years of hard work, negotiation, and commitment by
lawmakers. In this country, in October 1998, we will mark
the date when the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act
is expected to be operational. That is the law, as I have noted, that
requires telephone companies to try to protect electronic
interception in the nation’s telephone system. We are pursuing
elaborate and expensive policies for national communications
surveillance as other countries are struggling with the issue of how
to protect the privacy rights of their citizens. We are today not only behind the curve in
developing sensible privacy polices, but we are largely out of step
with the rest of the world. Lacking the formal means to develop
privacy policies and to respond to public concerns, we have left the
law enforcement community and the marketing industry to determine how
much privacy there will be in the future. The result is not
surprising — there is growing public concern about the loss of
privacy and a widening gap between the problems we face and the
solutions we should pursue. Simply stated, our policy is backward. We
impose government controls on techniques to protect privacy, where
market-based solutions are preferable. And we leave privacy problems
to the market, where government involvement is required.
Recommendations Today the calls for government action to
protect privacy are unambiguous. The most recent Harris poll found
that a majority of those polled found that privacy is the main reason
that people are staying off of the Internet. They want legislation
now to protect privacy on the Internet. According to the
BusinessWeek/Harris poll, 53% believe that "Government should pass
laws now for how personal information can be collected and used on
the Internet." Of those polled, 23% said "government should recommend
privacy standards for the Internet but not pass laws at the time."
Only 19% believe that the government "should let groups develop
voluntary privacy standards but not take any action now unless real
problems arise." The Harris/BusinessWeek poll is consistent with
other polls that have asked similar questions about privacy and the
Internet. Contrary to the popular view that Internet users oppose all
form of government action, when it comes to matters of privacy, they
believe new laws are necessary. Much is also said about the desirability of
"self-regulation" for the Internet. There are, indeed, many areas
where the government can do the most by doing the least. This is
particularly true with matters of speech and content, where our
strong First Amendment tradition cautions against any attempt by
government to regulate what people may say, read, or watch. But
self-regulation has not helped protect privacy on the Internet. It
has in fact made it harder for us to focus on the larger questions of
a coherent privacy policy. It has also led to erosion in our basic
understanding of privacy protection. For example, the concept of Fair Information
Practices —- the common thread of all privacy law and policy
that clearly places responsibilities on organizations and gives
rights to individuals —- is now being revised to suit the needs
of organizations rather than to protect the interests of individuals.
Where once there was an understanding that individuals should have
the right to get access to their own data, to inspect it, and to
correct it, now those who favor self-regulation believe it is
necessary only to provide access to a privacy policy. Where once individual consent was central to the
disclosure of personal information, now the focus is on individual
choice for
a range of disclosures. Where privacy techniques focused on the means
to protect identity, now the focus is on means to obtain information.
Many of the techniques that are put forward as "technical solutions"
--- such as the Open Profiling Standard, the P3P and Trustee -—
will make it easier, not more difficult, to obtain information from
individuals using the Internet. Something is clearly amiss.
It is time to reestablish support for Fair
Information Practices, to make clear that organizations that collect
information have responsibilities, and that individuals who give up
information have rights. The principles are well established in our
legal tradition. Privacy protection should not end where the Internet
begins.
Amend the Electronic Communications
Privacy Act Congress should specifically consider expanding
the scope of privacy provided to subscriber information under Section
2703 of ECPA. Currently, the statute only prohibits the disclosure of
such data to "governmental entities" unless they obtain legal process
authorizing the disclosure. This prohibition should be extended to
the disclosure of subscriber information to any third party. One of
the reasons why the Navy was able to obtain information concerning
Mr. McVeigh from AOL is that ECPA places no restrictions on service
providers unless the requester identifies himself as a government
agent, which the Navy investigator failed to do. Further, the current
statutory regime fails to recognize that significant harm can result
from the disclosure of personal information to non-governmental
actors. Had Mr. McVeigh been a private sector employee, ECPA would
have provided absolutely no protection, despite the fact that he
could have lost his job in much the same way. Any requester should be
required to provide legal authorization before receiving personal
information from a service provider. With respect to governmental access, ECPA
should be amended to prohibit the use as evidence of information
obtained in violation of Section 2703, in the same way that Section
2515 prohibits the use of illegally obtained wire or oral
communications. Finally, the civil action provision contained
in Section 2707 should be amended to make clear that a cause of
action will lie against a governmental entity that obtains
information in violation of Section 2703.
Support Passage of Internet
Privacy Bill and the Children Privacy Bill The Consumer Internet Privacy Protection Act of
1997 (HR 98) would prevent an "interactive computer service" from
disclosing to a third party a subscriber's personal information
without that individual's written content. This is a good starting
point but will leave uncovered many areas that should receive
protection. Representative Franks bill, the Children Privacy
Protection and Parental Empowerment Act also provides important
safeguards.
Establish a Privacy Agency
In 1973 the Department of Health, Education and
Welfare established a special panel to study privacy issues arising
from the growing use of automated date processing equipment. That
report led to the development and passage of the Privacy Act of 1974,
perhaps the most important privacy law in our country. But that
report also made clear, as have subsequent reports, that the
cornerstone of an effective federal policy is a permanent privacy
agency. It is critical today that a privacy agency be
established. We simply do not have the expertise, commitment, or
understanding in the federal necessary to develop the policies
necessary to address the enormous challenges that we are facing. Many
of the decisions that are made with significant consequences for
privacy protection lack adequate representation of privacy
concerns. In countries across the world, efforts are
underway to address these privacy concerns. The European Union is
moving forward on the implementation of extensive privacy directive
that will establish legal rights for all citizens in the European
Union countries. Non-EU countries, including Japan and Canada, are
pursuing comprehensive privacy polices. Techniques for anonymity are
being promoted in Germany, the Netherlands and elsewhere. Strong
medical privacy legislation is in place in New Zealand. In the United States, even with the efforts of
the Federal Trade Commission, there is little sense that we are
making progress. Privacy concerns are rising. The public is not
persuaded by the current policy. BusinessWeek put it well in an
editorial earlier this month:
Time is running out for the Net community.
The public does not trust its promises for self-regulation to
ensure privacy. The polls show that people don't believe that
these voluntary standards are working. Any spot check of Web sites
shows that few make any serious effort to protect privacy. It's no
wonder that the public wants the government to step in immediately
and pass laws on how personal information can be collected and
used. Even Silicon Valley libertarians who believed in voluntary
standards for years are no longer so sure. As the economy shifts increasingly from
an industrial to an information base, an individual's private data
take on an economic utility unknown in the past. So, too, does a
person's economic behavior in the electronic realm. Future growth
depends on the security of that data and the comfort level for
that behavior. Both civil society and economic growth depend
increasingly on privacy.
The United States has long been a beacon of
individual liberty and a champion of individual rights. Our greatest
challenge today is to carry forward that tradition into the
information age. For Internet users today and into the future, that
will mean protecting the right of privacy.
References
P. Agre and M. Rotenberg, eds., Technology and Privacy: The New
Landscape (MIT Press 1997) J. Cohen, "A Right to Read Anonymously: A
Closer Look at Copyright Management in Cyberspace,"
U.Conn.L.Rev. (1996) W. Diffie and S. Landau, Privacy on the Line: The Politics of Wiretapping and
Encryption (MIT Press 1997)
S. Friewald, "Uncertain Privacy:
Communication Attributes After The Digital Telephony," 69 S. Cal.
L. Rev. 949 (1996) International Working Group on Data
Protection, Data Protection and Privacy on the Internet,
Data Protection and Privacy on the
Internet (1996) [http://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/diskus/13_15.htm]
National Information Infrastructure Task
Force, Information Policy Committee, "Options for Promoting
Privacy on the National Information Infrastructure" (1997)
Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development, Guidelines on the
Protection of Privacy and Transborder Flows of Personal
Data (1980) [http://www.oecd.org/dsti/sti/it/secur/prod/PRIV-EN.HTM] Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development, Cryptography Policy
Guidelines (1997) [http://www.oecd.org/dsti/iccp/crypto_e.html] P. Regan, Legislating Privacy: Technology, Social Values, and
Public Policy (University of North
Carolina Press 1995) M. Rotenberg, "Communications Privacy:
Implications for Network Design," Communications of the ACM (1995) M. Rotenberg, "Data Protection in the United
States — A Rising Tide?" The
Computer Law and Security Report
38-40 (January-February 1998) M. Rotenberg, "In Support of a Privacy
Protection Agency in the United States," Government Information Quarterly (Winter 1991) P. Schwartz and J. Reidenberg,
Data Privacy Law (Michie 1996) B. Schneier and D. Banisar, The Electronic Privacy Papers (John Wiley 1997)