https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20200922/17303645361/ice-is-hauling-more-data-than-ever-palantir-is-helping-it-turn-data-into-detainments.shtml#comments
Sign In
Register
Preferences
Techdirt
Techdirt
Greenhouse
Tech & COVID
Free Speech
Deals
Jobs
Support Techdirt
Daily Deal: The All-In-One Mastering Organization Bundle
How To Be Funny And Not A Jerk In A Cease And Desist Notice, From The Doobie Brothers
ICE Is Hauling In More Data Than Ever And Palantir Is Helping It Turn Data Into Detainments
(Mis)Uses of Technology
from the surveillance-state-adds-surveillance-capitalism deptFri, Sep 25th 2020 10:54am —
Tim Cushing
ICE has gotten bigger and bolder under the Trump Administration. The minimal constraints placed on it by previous administrations have been removed, allowing the agency to gorge on data and engage in widespread surveillance. Billions of dollars and an untold amount of tech are being thrown at a "problem" that isn't even criminal. Living in this country while undocumented is a civil violation, but ICE (and the Administration) treats it as one of the most severe threats to the nation.
America is apparently going to be made great by tossing out those aspiring to be Americans, or at the very least just trying to escape the horrors or poverty of their native countries. To ensure ICE can remove as many people as possible, the agency has tapped into national ALPR databases, run facial recognition searches against drivers license databases, and hooked up with a tech company nearly as reviled as ICE is.
But that's not the full extent of ICE's surveillance/deportation efforts. As Alvaro M. Bedoya reports for Slate, the agency is leveraging everything it can get it hands on to ensure a steady flow of undocumented immigrants out of this country.
In 2017, breaking with prior practice, ICE started to use data from interviews with scared, detained kids and their relatives to find and arrest more than 500 sponsors who stepped forward to take in the children. At the same time, ICE announced a plan for a social media monitoring program that would use artificial intelligence to automatically flag 10,000 people per month for deportation investigations. (It was scuttled only when computer scientists helpfully indicated that the proposed system was impossible.)
And it's not enough for immigrants to steer clear of the entities that may help them get ejected from the country. ICE is all over anything that might lead it to more deportees.
Many immigrants avoid contact with any government agency, even the DMV, but they can’t go without heat, electricity, or water; ICE aimed to find them, too. So, that same year, ICE paid for access to a private database that includes the addresses of customers from 80 national and regional electric, cable, gas, and telephone companies.
There's a private company weaving this massive amount of data into usable intel for ICE. Palantir provides the software that analyzes data, builds profiles, and makes sense of ICE's massive data stash. The company even fills in any blanks ICE might have by adding in information purchased from data brokers.
Palantir doesn't like to talk about its work with ICE. Bedoya points out the company's most recent securities filing makes no mention of ICE or the company's assistance in tracking down undocumented immigrants. It prefers to discuss its military customers and its supposed commitment to keeping this country safe. When asked directly about ICE, Palantir has downplayed its involvement. This is how Palantir's CEO, Alex Karp, spins things.
When criticized, Karp has described Palantir’s work for ICE as “limited,” “a de minimis part of our work”—strange things for American contractor to say about its second-largest U.S. government client.
This toxic partnership has done little to damage Palantir's reputation -- at least as far as investors are concerned. Its work with ICE targets what many consider to be unimportant people: immigrants who are in the country illegally. If the company is good at what it does and customers like ICE are happy and willing to sign multi-million dollar contracts, any moral and legal qualms shareholders might have will be papered over with money.
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post. With so many things competing for everyone’s attention these days, we really appreciate you giving us your time. We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community.
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets. We do not have a giant corporation behind us, and we rely heavily on our community to support us, in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small, independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis.
While other websites have resorted to paywalls, registration requirements, and increasingly annoying/intrusive advertising, we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone. But in order to continue doing so, we need your support. We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us, from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps. Thank you.
–The Techdirt Team
Filed Under: big data, data, deportation, dhs, ice, immigration, trump administrationCompanies: palantir
25 Comments | Leave a Comment
If you liked this post, you may also be interested in...
DHS Inspector General Is Going To Take A Look At The DHS's Purchase Of Cell Location Data From Data Brokers
ICE Sends Subpoena To BuzzFeed, Hoping To Force It To Turn Over Its Sources
Trump Fires US Cybersecurity Director Chris Krebs After Krebs Debunks Trump's Claims Of Election Systems Fraud
Palantir Presentations Show How The LAPD Is Able To Turn Tons Of Garbage Data Into Ineffective Policing
UK's National Health Service Plans To Use Big Data Analysis To Fight COVID-19 -- With The Help Of Palantir
Reader Comments
Subscribe: RSS
View by: Time | Thread
Koby (profile), 25 Sep 2020 @ 12:16pm
Not Just Civil
Living in this country while undocumented is a civil violation
Be careful, it is also a criminal violation under 8 USC sections 1324 and 1325. Entering, trafficking, or harboring is punishable by several years in jail.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 25 Sep 2020 @ 12:35pm
Re: Not Just Civil ...as the sponsors who were housing the children found out applied to them.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 25 Sep 2020 @ 3:01pm
Re: Not Just Civil I read a significant portion of illegals simply over stay their visa, so it is not all scary story stuff as you infer.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 12:36am
Re: Re: Not Just Civil Yeah, but those people are often white so it doesn't count to some people.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 12:45am
Re: Not Just Civil Koby! I thought it was only section 230 that you were wilfully ignorant and/or lying about, but here you are misrepresenting other law!
The word misdemeanour might be useful to you here, as would be the main section 8 U.S. Code § 1325 which is usually applied, and carries the following penalty:
(b)Improper time or place; civil penaltiesAny alien who is apprehended while entering (or attempting to enter) the United States at a time or place other than as designated by immigration officers shall be subject to a civil penalty of—
(1)at least $50 and not more than $250 for each such entry (or attempted entry); or
(2)twice the amount specified in paragraph (1) in the case of an alien who has been previously subject to a civil penalty under this subsection.
Civil penalties under this subsection are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any criminal or other civil penalties that may be imposed.
It should embarrass you that I'm so much better versed in US law than you are, but if you didn't have your fictions what would you complain about?[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 25 Sep 2020 @ 12:46pm
The people: Palantir is a dangerous tool, ICE.
ICE: Why? Why should we fear to use it?
The people: It is not held accountable, this company. We do not know who else may be watching.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Uriel-238 (profile), 25 Sep 2020 @ 2:07pm
Does anyone else have the fantasy? Some day there will be ICE hunters, people who investigate to track down every last employee of ICE to bring them to justice.
Most ICE hunters seek to drag ex-ICE to international tribune for the human atrocities in which they were complicit. When they're lucky they get one of the known names, those who were hands on and tortured and even killed detainees.
Other ICE hunters are dissatisfied with imprisonment, given among ICE are some of the cruelest monsters humankind has manifest. Instead they're dragged to some isolated place to suffer the sort of ending Edgar Allen Poe might write about in a place where their screams will be heard by no-one.
It was cold comfort after the war, as many of the SS -- sometimes the worst of the monsters -- escaped and lived long lives. But maybe it can happen for the United States, and we do have better resources to trace what atrocities occurred, who did them, and where those people are now.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 25 Sep 2020 @ 5:59pm
a private database that includes the addresses of customers from 80 national and regional electric, cable, gas, and telephone companies.
One of the problems is that things like this should never have existed in the first place.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Uriel-238 (profile), 25 Sep 2020 @ 7:12pm
"should never have existed" And now that it does, it should be inaccessible to law enforcement.
Of course ICE doesn't actually enforce the law so much as decide that some people are illegal.
They get thrown in the gulags
to await trial, which doesn't even feature an actual judge.
Meanwhile, all-you-can-eat COVID-19.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 25 Sep 2020 @ 11:09pm
That is whybuiu need infra tee LEDs to.prevent ALPRs from ever recording your license numbet[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 12:46am
Re: Literacy is important before you try getting across any complex ideas.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
restless94110 (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 7:34am
A threat "Living in this country while undocumented is a civil violation, but ICE (and the Administration) treats it as one of the most severe threats to the nation."
It is irrefutable that illegal immigration severely impacts black employment and black wages in the most negative way. In fact, any American at the low end of the skill set.
Thus it does not matter whether the violation is civil or criminal. And it is one of the most severe threats to the nation.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 26 Sep 2020 @ 7:52am
Re: A threat
"It is irrefutable that illegal immigration severely impacts black employment and black wages in the most negative way."
Then it would be simple for you to supply a link.
The difference between civil and criminal violation does matter, your rational is weak to non existent.
Please explain how illegal immigration is a severe threat to the nation. As opposed to a coup or global warming or WWIII ... because I would think those represent a severe threat.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 8:34am
Re: Re: A threat "Please explain how illegal immigration is a severe threat to the nation"
I'll hazard a guess that he's only thinking of one kind of immigration and it's not the very real problem of legal immigrants from majority white countries overstaying their visas...[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Uriel-238 (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 12:48pm
White immigrants California has multiple districts of Russian and Ukrainian immigrants who are do a lot of exactly that and are conspicuously unmolested by ICE or CBP.
I used to go to one for outstanding
Pirozhki and
Napoleons.
And not that I wish them unwell, but it is curious that their pasty faces seem to be off the hunt-and-abuse lists of Trump's immigration crackdown.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 27 Sep 2020 @ 2:23pm
Re: Re: Re: A threat Illegal is illegal, white, brown or green. You people just can’t get past that, no matter how much you equivocate.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 27 Sep 2020 @ 3:25pm
Re: Re: Re: Re: A threat Certainly, from the sound of it, you must a lawyer. Probably an immigration lawyer even. It should be easy then, to support your claim.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 27 Sep 2020 @ 11:35pm
Re: Re: Re: Re: A threat "Illegal is illegal, white, brown or green."
Yes. So why do I not hear the same howling and wailing from you people about white Europeans who are in the US illegally, but you lose your shit over a caravan of potential migrants when they're still 1000 miles away from the border?
"You people just can’t get past that, no matter how much you equivocate."
I can, but your racist asses only think about one type of immigrant. You also attack brown legal immigrants as if they're illegal, but that's a different story.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 28 Sep 2020 @ 9:06am
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: A threat I read that one of these idiots yelled
Go Back To Your Own Country at a native american.
Oh, and then they get upset if they hear someone not speaking
american.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Uriel-238 (profile), 28 Sep 2020 @ 11:09am
"Go Back To Your Own Country" What our dear president gave his base is license to hate. They're not smart about it. They don't understand the particulars, just that anything not
them is
other and enemy.
The Republican Party cultivated an
instant army over decades. They just didn't get at the time that an instant army is an army for anyone. For the lowest common denominator.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 28 Sep 2020 @ 11:00pm
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: A threat Yes, such stupidity is well documented. Not exclusive to the US, sadly, but there is a form of hatred that obsesses over immigration yet only seems to care about the skin tone of the supposed offenders.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Uriel-238 (profile), 28 Sep 2020 @ 11:04am
"illegal is illegal"
a. We all commit felonies. Daily. Most go unenforced, but any time a prosecutor wants your ass, he owns you. (blah, blah 100.00 indictment rate, 980% conviction rate, more incarcerated per capita than any other nation)
b. Remember that with the Nuremburg laws,
Jews were illegal. (Not just practicing Judaism, but being a hereditary Jew by 50%.) And plenty of Germans said
illegal is illegal.
c. Extrajudicial detention and enhanced interrogation by the United States are legal by its own laws.
So fuck legality. And shame on you for depending legality to define your own morality.[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Uriel-238 (profile), 28 Sep 2020 @ 11:05am
Posting before coffee
(blah, blah 100.00 indictment rate,
90% conviction rate, more incarcerated per capita than any other nation)[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
PaulT (profile), 26 Sep 2020 @ 8:33am
Re: A threat Your belief that black Americans are inevitably at the lower end of the skilled employment market is noted. I will also note that it's not usually black Americans who are constantly whining that unskilled Mexicans who can't speak English are taking their jobs...[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Anonymous Coward, 26 Sep 2020 @ 12:08pm
Re: A threat I thought the threat to black employment and wages was exposed in studies that showed applicants with "black" names were less likely to get called for interviews?[ reply to this | link to this | view in chronology ]
Add Your Comment
Close
Add A Reply
Have a Techdirt Account? Sign in now. Want one? Register here
Subscribe to the Techdirt Daily newsletter
this is for spambots, do not use this
Comment Options:
Use markdown.
Use plain text.
Remember name/email/url (set a cookie)
Daily Deal: The All-In-One Mastering Organization Bundle
How To Be Funny And Not A Jerk In A Cease And Desist Notice, From The Doobie Brothers
Follow Techdirt
Techdirt Daily Newsletter
Insider Shop - Show Your Support!
Essential Reading
New To Techdirt?
Explore some core concepts:
Saying You Can't Compete With Free Is Saying You Can't Compete Period
An Economic Explanation For Why DRM Cannot Open Up New Business Model Opportunities
The Future Of Music Business Models (And Those Who Are Already There)
read all »
Trending Posts
TSA Oversight Says Agency's Suspicionless Surveillance Program Is Worthless And The TSA Can't Prove It Isn't
Tillis Release Details Of His Felony Streaming Bill; A Weird Gift To Hollywood At The Expense Of Taxpayers
Florida State Police Raid Home Of COVID Whistleblower, Point Guns At Her & Her Family, Seize All Her Computer Equipment
Techdirt Insider Chat
Join the Insider Chat
Recent Stories
Thursday19:52
Nintendo Hates You: DMCA Takedowns Of Game Music Continue While Nintendo Offers No Legit Way To Listen (3)15:35
Tillis Release Details Of His Felony Streaming Bill; A Weird Gift To Hollywood At The Expense Of Taxpayers (25)13:48
As A Parting Shot, Tulsi Gabbard Teams Up With Paul Gosar To Introduce Yet Another Unconstitutional Attack On Section 230 (51)12:23
AZ GOP Goes Full Bullshit: Claims It took Down Violence-Inciting Tweet Over Copyright Concerns (28)10:50
New Report Shows Cellphone Encryption Isn't Really Stopping Cops From Searching Phones (8)10:47
Daily Deal: The Complete Web Developer Coding Bundle (0)09:37
Not This Again: Senator Tillis Tries To Slide Dangerous Felony Streaming Bill Into Must Pass Government Funding Bill (28)06:17
Stupid Cable TV Retrans Feuds And Blackouts Make Their Way To Streaming TV (13)03:14
TSA Oversight Says Agency's Suspicionless Surveillance Program Is Worthless And The TSA Can't Prove It Isn't (8)Wednesday19:55
Nintendo Plays 'Control Inception', Cancelling Splatoon Broadcast After Teams Protest Canceling Smash Bros. Tourney (18)
More
Tools & Services
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
Podcast
Research & Reports
Company
About Us
Advertising Policies
Privacy
Contact
Help & Feedback
Media Kit
Sponsor/Advertise
Submit a Story
More
Copia Institute
Insider Shop
Support Techdirt
Brought to you by Floor64
CA Advertising Privacy Preferences
This site, like most other sites on the web, uses cookies. For more information, see our privacy policy.
Got it
Close
Email This
This feature is only available to registered users. Register or sign in to use it.