http://www.reciprocallink.com/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
How it works
Add Link
Cart
My Backlinks
Register
Login
Terms of service
Welcome to reciprocallink.com
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use reciprocallink.com if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
reciprocallink.com offers its services subject to the following terms of service. You must understand that these terms of services are liable to change at any time without previous notice. You are therefore expected to check them at regular intervals.
Description of Service
reciprocallink.com proffers its users, website containing articles. You must recognize that such websites are paid placements and, may consist of sponsored links. You should also understand that various proclamations and communications made by the company from time to time are considered enlisted in the Terms of Service.
Registration
You can choose to create a password protected user profile with us. This is however required only if you choose to add your link for our database. You are required to provide true, current and complete information about yourself.
If any of the information provided by you is found to be untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend your services and terminate your account without any prior notice.
You shall receive a password and an account name upon completing the registration process. The responsibility for maintaining the complete confidentiality of the users’ account and password rests with you.
Only you shall be responsible for all activities that happen in your account.
If at any instance you suspect any unauthorised use of your account or breach of security, you shall immediately notify us.
We as the Provider, shall not be responsible for any loss or damages arising out of your inability to comply with these instructions.
Privacy Policy
Your registration data and certain other information are contained in our Privacy Policy. Kindly read our Privacy Policy for more details on the matter.
Indemnity
You must consent to indemnify and agree that none of the affiliates, holders, staff, co-partners or any other associate of reciprocallink.com be held responsible for any claim or demand, arising out of the content that is submitted by you. Apart from these, any claim or demand arising out of your usage of the services or your violation of the terms of services would also come under this ambit.
No Resale of service
No kind of reproduction, duplication, sale or resale of any part of the services or content will be entertained.
General Practices Regarding Use
You must be in agreement that we hold no liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or any other content preserved or transmitted by the Service. You must acknowledge that reciprocallink.com reserves the right to deactivate accounts that violate the TOS or the Submission Policies. You must further accept that we reserve the sole prerogative to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
Modifications to Service
We reserve the exclusive right to discontinue or modify our services or any part thereof, temporarily or permanently, with or without any prior notice. You must agree that we as the Provider shall not be liable to you or any third party for any suspension, modification or discontinuation of service.
Termination
You must agree that reciprocallink.com has the sole discretion to terminate your account, password, any or complete part of the content submitted by you, if as the provider we believe that you have violated the terms of services.
Discontinuation of services may or may not happen with prior intimation. In addition, you musts agree that reciprocallink.com will not be liable or any other entity for the termination of access to the services.
Dealings with advertisers
As and when reciprocallink.com teams up with advertisers, any kind of dealing or participation in promotion, payments of goods or services or any other terms, warranties or representation would solely be between you and the advertisers. You must agree that the we, the providers will in no way be held responsible for any kind of loss or damages arising out of such dealings because of the presence of the advertisers in the services.
Links
Our services or third parties may offers links to other websites or resources. You must agree that we as the Providers, shall never be held responsible for the accessibility of such websites or resources or any kind of content, product or advertisement made available thereof. You must also agree that reciprocallink.com shall not be responsible for any losses or damages caused by the use of such resources.
Copyrights
We recognize intellectual property rights of others, and we expect our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been breached upon or your intellectual property rights have otherwise been violated, please send us a mail at support@reciprocallink.com