https://www.arteffects.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
1.800.642.4937
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Web Design Quote Request
SEO Quote Request
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Art Schobey Interactive uses and protects any information that you give Art Schobey Interactive when you use this website. Art Schobey Interactive is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Art Schobey Interactive may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 27th of August, 2013. We may collect the following information:
Name and job title Contact information including email address Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we gather:We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Security:We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How we use cookies:This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Art Schobey Interactive. We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. Further information about cookies: The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is an industry body that develops standards and guidelines to support online business processes. It has produced a series of web pages that explain how cookies work and how they can be managed. If you have questions concerning our privacy policy, please use our contact details to discuss them. Links to other websites:Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Controlling your personal information:We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Ph: 1.919.263.1976 Ph: 1.800.642.4937 Recent Posts
Is SEO For My Website Still Necessary in 2020?
Top 3 WordPress SEO Plugins
Why Use WordPress for Your Business Website?
We use cookies to make interactions with our website easy & meaningful. By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this. ... read more.I Accept