https://www.gimpsy.com/gimpsy/doc/faq/policy.php
Gimpsy - privacy policy
My Gimpsy  Preferences  Help
Privacy Policy
Last updated July 13, 2020
Thank you for choosing Gimpsy!
Gimpsy is the service, accessible from the website https://gimpsy.com and owned by the Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "we",
"us" or "our" in this Privacy Policy):
Serhii Yukhymovych Oharkov, FOP 6/463 Dobrovoltsiv Lane
Dnipro, 49106 Ukraine Registration number: 2022700137 Phone:
+380(98)6969359 Email: info@gimpsy.com
When you visit our website https://gimpsy.com
and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We
take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to
explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we
collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We
hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is
important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do
not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our
website https://gimpsy.com, and/or any
related services, sales or events (we refer to them collectively in
this privacy policy as the "Services").
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make
informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
4. HOW DO WE STORE AND KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
7. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
8. CAN YOU GET ACCESS TO OTHER THIRD-PARTY SERVICES?
9. MARKETING AND THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING
10. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE
COLLECT FROM YOU?
13. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
14. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
15. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
16. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW?
You may visit our site anonymously although cookies are used to
identify your session.
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to
us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us
when registering at the Services expressing an interest in obtaining
information about us or our products and services, when participating
in activities on the Services or otherwise contacting us.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true,
complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such
personal information.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of
your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make and
the products and features you use. The personal information we collect
can include the following:
Gimpsy Account. We collect first name, last name, nickname,	email and billing address.
Payment Data. We do not collect or store your financial
information such as credit card number or banking account. All payments
are collected using PayPal, therefore we also store PayPal transaction
ID. Please read the PayPal privacy policy.
Server-log-files. Due to technical reasons, in particular in
order to guarantee a functioning and secure web presence, we are
processing technical necessary data on accesses on our website in
so-called server-log-files. Your browser is transmitting those
automatically to us:
IP address
Browser type and version
Operating system
Websites you visited before ours
Time of server request
Amount of data sent
This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your
name or contact information) and are only used for evaluation and
improvement of our website. This information is only transmitted to our
Website provider. A connection or aggregation of these data with other
data sources does not take place. In case our website is used in an
illegal way, we reserve the right to examine the data subsequently. The
processing of data is based on our legitimate interest according to
Art. 6 para 1 lit. f GDPR to provide for a technical flawless
presentation and optimization of our website.
Data are deleted after fulfilling the purpose, normally within a few
days, in case there is no need to store data as evidence. In this case,
data will be stored until the issue is finally resolved.
Cookies. Like many businesses, we also collect information
through cookies.
End User Data. When you as a website visitor (End User) submit a
consent form, the following data are automatically logged at Gimpsy:
The End User’s IP number in anonymized form (last three digits are
set to ‘0’).
The date and time of the consent.
User agent of the End User’s browser.
The URL from which the consent was submitted.
An anonymous, random and encrypted key value.
The End User’s consent state, serving as proof of consent.
The key and consent state are also saved in the End User’s browser in
the first party cookie so that the website can automatically read and
respect the End User’s consent on all subsequent page requests and
future End User sessions for up to 12 months. The key is used for proof
of consent and an option to verify that the consent state stored in the
End User’s browser is unaltered compared to the original consent
submitted to Gimpsy.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on
legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with
you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services for a variety
of business purposes described below. We process your personal
information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business
interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with
your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We
indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each
purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send administrative information to you. We may use your
personal information to send you product, service and new feature
information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions,
and policies.
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information
to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges
made through the Services.
We do not sell your personal information to any third parties.
3. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to
children under 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 13
years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at
least 13 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and
consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that
personal information from users less than 13 years of age has been
collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures
to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of
any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact
us at info@gimpsy.com.
4. HOW DO WE STORE AND KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through
a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security
measures designed to protect the security of any personal information
we process. We store your information at Time4VPS who handles all
network and hardware maintenance, security, and data backups. Their
TIER III data center located in the Republic of Lithuania (EU)
implements RAID arrays that helps protect all your information. We
store daily backups during 2 weeks on two physically different servers
that guarantee your information will not be lost.
To protect our web server from hacker attack we use a wide range of
tools including but not limited to two-factor authentication, firewall,
watchdog.
Please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet
itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your
personal information, transmission of personal information to and from
our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services
within a secure environment.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary
to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless
otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will
require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period
of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if
this is not possible (for example, because your personal information
has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your
personal information and isolate it from any further processing until
deletion is possible.
6. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to
comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your
rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us
specific consent to use your personal information in a specific
purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is
reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a
contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill
the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we
are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law,
governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal
process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including
in response to public authorities to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we
believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and
illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are
involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data, share or
transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations
of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of
all or a portion of our business to another company.
7. WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short: We only share information with the following third
parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third
parties. We have categorized each party so that you may be easily
understood the purpose of our data collection and processing practices.
If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to
revoke your consent, please contact us.
Website Hosting Time4VPS
Invoice and Billing PayPal
Web and Mobile Analytics Google Analytics
8. CAN I GET ACCESS TO OTHER THIRD-PARTY SERVICES?
You may access other third-party services through Services, for
example by clicking on links to those third-party services from within
the Services. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or
practices of these third-party services, and we encourage you to
carefully review their privacy policies.
9. MARKETING AND THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING
In Short: Gimpsy is advertise-free.
We do not cooperate with any third-party advertising companies to
serve ads when you visit the Services, therefore we do not give your
data to third-party companies for marketing purposes.
We do not send you e-mails about products and services of ours, as
well as those of third-party companies. However, we send you
service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and
use of your account.
10. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies
to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web
beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific
information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse
certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic
Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control
over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate
your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain
rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include:
The right to access – You have the right to request us for
copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this
service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request
that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also
have the right to request us to complete the information you believe
is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we
erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to
request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under
certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to
object to our processing of your personal data, under certain
conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to
request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to
another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the
contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any
request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal
information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the
processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we
are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the
right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
You can find their contact details here.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may
email us at info@gimpsy.com.
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM
YOU?
In Short: You can change account information at any time.
Other personal information is accessible by request.
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request
access to the personal information we collect from you, change that
information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review,
update, or delete your personal information, please create a ticket. We will
respond to your request within 30 days.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or
delete your account and information from our active databases. However,
some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud,
troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our
Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Account information: If you would at any time like to review or
change the information in your account, you can log into your account
and update your name and e-mail.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to
accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set
your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to
remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or
services of our Services.
14. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
In Short: Currently we do not support DNT feature but will do
when the standard technology will be finalized.
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform
technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser
signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your
choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is
adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about
that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
15. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are
granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The
Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request
and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third
parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of
all third parties with which we shared personal information in the
immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident
and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a
registered account with the Services, you have the right to request
removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To
request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact
information provided below, and include the email address associated
with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We
will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but
please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively
removed from our systems.
16. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
17. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you
can contact us:
by email
by phone number +380(98)6969359
by mail: Serhii Yukhymovych Oharkov, FOP 6/463
Dobrovoltsiv Lane Dnipro, 49106 Ukraine
© 2001-2020 Gimpsy
Terms Policy