http://www.sawmill.net/terms_conditions_sawmill.html
Download Sawmill 8.8.1
30 Days Free Trial
Terms of Use | License Agreement | About | Contact Us | News | Press | Resellers | Clients | Case Studies | White Papers
.
SAWMILL TERMS & CONDITIONS
Definitions:
Supplier
Flowerfire, Inc.
Web Site
http://www.sawmill.net/
Customer
the person or organization making the purchase, can be either a Reseller or an End User
User
the person or organization installing or using the Product
Product
the software product and any activation keys needed to enable the software, including add-on keys enabling additional functionality
Author
the original author or manufacturer of the software or the current owner or his agent
Consultancy
all work considered by the Supplier
to be over and above its commitments to provide Technical Support.
Reseller
the person or organization purchasing the Product to sell on to a user
General These Terms & Conditions of Sale apply to all purchases of Product by Customer including online purchases on Supplier's web site. Supplier only does business under these Terms & Conditions of Sale . Any modifications to these Terms & Conditions of Sale must be negotiated with Supplier prior to purchase and must be confirmed in writing. This document is not the End User License referred to herein. Said document may be found within the Product or can be supplied by the Supplier on request.
Published Specification The published specification and functionality of the Product may vary from time to time as a result of ongoing development, product enhancement, and bug fixes
Bugs in Products a bug in the software at time of delivery will be corrected under warranty and not a reason for rejection of the Product provided the bug is not considered a critical fault by Supplier's engineers causing loss of data or crashing of the software. Under normal circumstances bugs will be fixed in the next release of the software.
Meets Requirements Customer is exclusively responsible for deciding if the Product meets his requirements. If the Customer is a Reseller then Reseller is responsible for ensuring the Product meets the needs and requirements of his customer, the User. Product downloads are always available at no cost for this purpose allowing full and unlimited use of the product for a limited period of time.
License to use the Product In purchasing a copy of the Product the User has purchased a license to load run and display a single copy of the software on a single computer in accordance with the End User License contained within the Product, or as shipped with the Product.
Reseller Obligations If you are a Reseller of the Product you must pass the Product directly to your Customer and destroy all copies in your possession. If you install or use the Product then you become a User of the Product and must abide fully by the End User License in addition to these Terms and Conditions of Sale. If you decide to use the Product then you must purchase your own copy of the Product
Ownership of Product Ownership and all intellectual property rights remain at all times with the Author of the Product, including any modifications or enhancements introduced by the Customer or the User
Title to License Title to the license and the right to use the Product do not pass to the Customer or the User until payment has been received in full by Supplier
License Assignment As a User of the Product you may assign the license to another person or organization provided you delete all copies of Product from your own computer(s) and provided you also inform Supplier of the assignment of the license and the details of the new license holder within 7 days of said assignment. You must use your best endeavours to ensure the new License holder receives the End User License and understands his obligations and rights under said License.
Revocation of License Supplier reserves the right to revoke the Customer's License to use the Product for material breach of these conditions or any of the conditions contained within the End User License
Customer's Orders Online purchases and purchase orders received by fax or mail are considered official purchase orders of the individual or the company or organization the individual represents. Supplier is not obliged to accept Customer orders or offer credit terms.
Prices List Prices for the Products are as published on Supplier's web site and do not include taxes.
Payment Online purchases are remitted online by the Customer using an approved credit card or payment card. We also accept prior payment by bank transfer, cheque, credit card or cash. Goods bought on credit, if credit is granted, must be paid for within 30 days of our Invoice date.
Delivery of Product Products are delivered electronically at no cost to Customer. Products delivered by post, delivery company or courier will attract a delivery charge which will be passed onto the Customer.
User Manual or Documentation if supplied by the Author user documentation will be contained within the Product
Product Returns Within 30 days following delivery User may return the Product for any reason whatsoever for a full refund less a nominal administration fee. If you return the product with the active involvement and agreement of our support engineers then the administration fee may be waived at our sole discretion in the event a verifiable problem in the software exists warranting a full refund. Return rights as defined herein do not apply to the purchase of additional activation keys for existing licensed Products
Warranty All our goods are sold to you with the benefit of the Author's warranty.
Consultancy Unless some other agreement or
understanding is confirmed and agreed to in writing by both parties all
consultancy work will be undertaken by the Supplier in good faith and on a best
efforts basis only, whether the consultancy work is paid or otherwise, and
irrespective of where the consultancy work is carried out.
Limited Liability We do not accept liability for claims concerning Products as to their quality fitness for purpose or otherwise except for death or personal injury caused by our negligence. We do not accept liability for indirect or consequential losses or loss of profits howsoever caused. We exclude any warranties in respect of the goods express or implied by statute, common law or of any other kind.
Data Privacy Supplier collects data on all Customers and on all visitors to our web site who have downloaded the Product and we hold that data securely and privately on our servers. We do not share your data with any third party organizations or individuals other than our partners and resellers who have an active and direct interest in ensuring our customers are kept up to date with new product announcements and releases etc. Supplier will take all reasonable steps to ensure said partners and resellers who may receive your data hold your data to the same levels of security and privacy as the Supplier. Unless instructed by you to the contrary Supplier may list your name as a User of the Product on its web site and other marketing materials. Your contact details will not be included in any such listing.
Supplier Details Flowerfire, Inc. is an independent company acting as the agent and/or distributor of the Product. Supplier may be contacted at the following:
voice: +1-831-425-1758 (9AM-5PM, PST)
fax: +1-831-604-1425
sales: sales@sawmill.net
support: support@sawmill.net
© 2020 Flowerfire |
Copyright |
Privacy Policy |
License Agreement |
Terms of Use |
Contact |
Feedback |
About