http://www.debasics.com/privacy/
About
Contact
FAQ
Webmail
Login
Web Hosting
Personal Hosting
Business Hosting updated
Reseller Hosting
E Commerce Hosting
Wordpress Hosting updated
Website Migration
Domains
Buy a Domain
Register IE Domain
Transfer your Domain
Protect your Brand
Email
Email Hosting
Email Backup new
Spam & Virus Filtering
Servers
Cloud Servers
Dedicated Servers
Server Management
Security
Website Firewall
Malware Removal
SSL Certificates
Website Backups
Website Builder
Support
Video Tutorials
FAQ
Get Help
Status Website
Privacy Policy
Here's the legal bit
1.0 Introduction
Myhost Internet Services Limited, a company registered in Ireland under company registration number 358289 and with a registered address at Unit C, Block 4, Shannon Business Park, Shannon, County Clare (“Myhost”) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal data is protected at all times. Accordingly processing of such data through this website is carried out in line with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and the Data Protection Acts 1988-2018 (collectively referred to as “the DPA”), as may be amended from time to time.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we process any information you provide to us when you are using this website (myhost.ie) and our services generally.
2.0 Types of information we collect
Personal Information
Myhost will collect personal information that you voluntarily share on our website such as your name, company name, domain name, postal address, email address, phone number(s), postal code(s), your login details and billing and payment information, such as credit card information. This will be referred to as personal information.
Non-Personal Information
Myhost will automatically collect certain technical information every time you use our website through the use of Google Analytics which includes browsing statistics, the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, demographic and geographic information, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and other statistical data. Myhost does not combine information collected in this way with any personally-identifiable information. This information will therefore be referred to as non-personal information as you will not be personally identifiable from the information we collect about you in this way.
Cookies
We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. Some of the cookies we use may be essential for our website to operate. Currently we use Google Analytics and information on the use of cookies in this respect can be found by clicking the following link.
If you continue to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies for the above mentioned purposes. If you wish to opt out of the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ when you leave our website or you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit the website.
3.0 Purpose & Use of Personal Information
We will use personal information collected about you via our website for the following purposes:
On the basis of your consent, to process orders placed by you through the website or to provide you with information, products and/or services that you have requested, to include registering you as a user/customer or, where relevant, to respond to issues or queries raised by you through the website for e.g. through our live chat function;
Where you are an existing customer, your personal information will be processed on the basis of our contractual relationship with you as set out in our terms of service which can be found here.
On the basis of our legitimate interest in the promotion and sustainability of our business as well as ensuring client satisfaction, to provide you with general information in relation to Myhost including information regarding our products, services and future promotions and to notify you of any changes to our services that might affect you (including any changes to this Privacy Policy). We may also use your personal information to verify ownership of your account. Depending on the type of service required you may also be required to provide copies of Photo ID, brochures, signed statements of intent, copies of invoices or a utility bill;
In limited circumstances, your personal information may be processed by Myhost where such processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
We will use non-personal information collected about you via our website for the following purposes:
To administer the website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve the website and to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website, when you choose to do so;
As part of our efforts to keep our website safe and secure.
4.0 Information Accuracy & Retention
Accuracy
Myhost will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate and reliable for its intended use however, we will rely on the accuracy of the information provided directly to us by you through our website. All website users are responsible for notifying us in relation to any changes to personal information originally supplied to us for e.g. changes to email address, postal address, telephone number etc.
Retention
Customers: In circumstances where the relationship between Myhost and its customers is governed by contract, Myhost will generally retain customer personal information for up to 7 years from the date of termination of the contractual relationship between the parties.
Others (including prospective customers): Where Myhost processes personal information in relation to individuals who are not customers, such information will generally only be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, whether this is to consider working with you or to deal with a request or enquiry from you. As a general rule, such information will only be stored for up to 1 year after your dealings with us have ended or, where we are processing personal information on the basis of your consent, for so long as we have your consent to do so.
We will securely delete your personal information when we no longer have a legitimate basis for processing it.
5.0 Sharing of Personal and Non-Personal Information
General
Myhost will not share your personal information with third parties except where it has a lawful basis to do so.
Myhost will share your personal information with internal authorised persons who are required to process your information by reason of their employment. Such persons are subject to a duty of confidentiality so as to prevent unauthorised disclosure of your personal data and to ensure that your personal information is processed only for the purposes outlined above.
Where we share your personal information with a third party to process on our behalf and subject to our instructions i.e. a data processor, we will ensure compliance with our obligations pursuant to the DPA by putting a legal contract in place with that party so as to ensure the onward security and protection of your personal information.
There may also be instances where Myhost is legally required to disclose your personal information to a third party for example to law enforcement agencies such as the Gardaí to comply with a summons, applicable law or a court or regulatory order however, such transfers will be rare and you will be advised in such circumstances (unless we are legally prohibited from notifying you).
Myhost may disclose non-personal information to third parties such as Google Analytics.
Domain Registration
As part of the Myhost service, where instructed by a customer, we will register and manage domain names through a number of registries and resellers which may be both nationally and/or internationally based depending on the type of domain name that you chose to register. Such registrations will require the transmission of customer personal data to the relevant registry/reseller in order to effect and maintain domain registration on your behalf. Myhost does not control this data but rather acts as a processing agent by transferring your information to the relevant domain name registry/reseller at your request. Myhost will only process personal information required by the relevant domain name registry/reseller and as required to comply with the contractual requirements of the governing body ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers).
Depending on the domain name that is required to be registered, your personal information may also be required to be processed outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) which is considered further at paragraph 6 below.
Other Services
Certain other services provided by Myhost i.e. SSL certificates, website backup services and website malware products may also require personal information such as your name, address, email address or website URL to be shared with a third party. For these purposes, Myhost will only use reputable companies who it believes takes your privacy seriously.
As with domain registrations, some of these third parties will process your personal information outside the EEA (and in particular the USA), which is considered further below.
6.0 Where we store your Personal Information and transfers outside the EEA
We store all personal information you provide to us and which we control about you in our Dublin Datacentre, South City Business Centre, Tallaght, Dublin, Ireland (within the EU/EEA).
Your personal information may however be transferred outside of the EEA by Myhost in order to register a customer domain name (depending on the type of domain registration requested for e.g. .com, .org, .biz, .co.uk) and also in relation to the ‘other services’ outlined in paragraph 5 above. This includes potential transfers to the following countries:-
USA
India
Signapore
It may also include the UK as and from the end of March 2019 when Brexit takes effect.
Myhost will process your personal information outside the EEA in order to discharge its contractual obligations to you in accordance with our terms of service and on the basis of your explicit consent for us to do so, notwithstanding the risks outlined below.
It is important for you to note that the abovementioned countries have been deemed by the European Commission not to have adequate privacy laws and practices in place for the protection of the personal data regarding European citizens. There may be a number of reasons why the EC has decided not to make an adequacy decision in relation to such countries for e.g. certain data processing principles may not apply or data subjects may not have recognised rights in relation to their personal information. Furthermore, there may be no nationally recognised data supervisory authority in existence to monitor and safeguard data protection rights, as is required in the Member States of the EEA
If you require any further information on the risks transferring personal information outside the EEA or in relation to those third parties who may be in receipt of your personal information for the above mentioned purposes, please contact privacy@myhost.ie and we will be happy to assist you.
Please note that, by signing up to our terms of service and electing certain domain names or the other services outlined, you will be deemed to have explicitly consented to the transfer of your personal information outside the EEA notwithstanding the risks to your privacy rights which are involved in such transfers. Your consent can however be withdrawn at any time by contacting privacy@myhost.ie.
7.0 Hosting
Where you have engaged Myhost for the purposes of server hosting, we do not access the information or data stored on the relevant server unless instructed by you to do so. For this purpose and in accordance with the DPA, we operate as a processor of such data and we shall ensure compliance with our obligations pursuant to Article 28 of the GDPR in this regard.
8.0 Your Rights
Subject to limited exceptions, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information under the DPA including:
The right to information about what data we hold about you;
The right to a copy of all data we hold about you either by way of a data access request or, in a machine readable format, by way of a data portability request;
The right to object to our processing of your data;
The right to request that your personal information be erased or restricted from further use;
The right to correct amend or update information you have given us;
Where we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
To exercise any of the above rights please contact us at:-
Myhost.ieUnit C, Block 4Shannon Business ParkShannonCounty ClareIrelandEmail: privacy@myhost.ie
Please note that whilst we will carefully assess every request we receive we may not always have to comply. When this happens, we will explain why.
9.0 Queries/Complaints
If you have any questions about the contents of this Privacy Policy or if you are not happy with the way in which Myhost handle/have handled your personal information or have dealt with a rights request, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@myhost.ie
If you are not satisfied with the response you receive from us you also have a right to complain to the Data Protection Commission of Ireland whose contact details are:-
Office of the Data Protection CommissionCanal HouseStation RoadPortarlingtonCo. LaoisEmail: info@dataprotection.ie
10.0 Security and Other Important Information
If for any reason you follow a link or a pop up to another website, please note that such websites should have their own privacy policies and Myhost does not accept any responsibility or liability the processing of your personal information via third party websites.
Myhost will use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect personal information transferred from your internet browser to our servers and we will endeavour to use best practices and take steps necessary to protect your personal data, including the use of strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Unfortunately however, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and, although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information on or transmitted via the Internet. Therefore any transmission of your personal information via the website is at your own risk.
Furthermore, where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a user name or password which enables you to access certain parts of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
11.0 Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated in this Privacy Policy we will notify you via email, prior to making such changes.
In addition, if we make any material changes to our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice, before changes go into effect, on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
PLEASE NOTE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE. CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY AND TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BEING PROCESSED PURSUANT TO THIS POLICY.
Need help?
Our on-hand Support Team is always standing by.
Get in touch