http://www.llblgen.com/Pages/privacy.aspx
Customer Login
home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from
https://www.llblgen.com (the "Site").
Personal information we collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address,
time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web
pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to
this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies,
and how to disable cookies, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org.
"Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages,
and date/time stamps.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address,
shipping address, email address, and phone number, but not payment information.
We refer to this information as "Order Information."
Also when you post a message on our support forums, we collect certain information including your IP address. When you register on our support forums we collect
your IP address and optionally any other information you provide through the registration form. We refer to this information as "Support System Information".
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information, Order Information and Support System Information.
How do we use your personal information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site. Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you
Screen our orders for potential risk of fraud
We use the Device Information and Support System Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address),
and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to
assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing your personal information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Digital River MyCommerce to power our
online store. You can read more about how Digital River MyCommerce uses your Personal Information here: https://www.mycommerce.com/privacy-policy/.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal
Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other
lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
We never sell your personal data to any party.
Do not track
We do not track you over time and across other third-party websites or services and therefore we currently do not honor do-not-track signals that may be
sent by some browsers.
Your rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected,
updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you
(for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Data retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
In some instances, we may keep it after you close your account, for example we may keep it on our backup and disaster recovery systems for as long as
necessary to protect our legal interests and to comply with other legal requirements
We retain your Support System Information for as long as you keep your account open.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or
regulatory reasons.
Contact us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at
info@llblgen.com or by mail using the details provided below
Zeilstraat 99
2586 RB The Hague
The Netherlands