https://www.datacore.com/privacy/
Watch our on-demand technical product tour featuring DataCore SDS Solutions: SANsymphony and vFilO.
WATCH NOW
CompanyAbout UsVisionSuccess StoriesNewsroomAwardsBlogEventsCareersContact Us
Login DataCore Insight ServicesSupport PortalPartner PortalTraining Partner PortalLicensing Portal
Languages
English (US)English (UK)GermanFrenchItalianJapanese
Search
Products
File & Object
vFilO
Hybrid Cloud
vFilO
Hyperconverged
HCI-Flex Appliance
SANsymphony for HCI
NAS
vFilO
SAN
SANsymphony SDS
HCI-Flex Appliance
Product Resources
Features
SANsymphony Technical Overview
Customer Reviews
Licensing
World-Class Support
Solutions
All Solutions
Use Cases
Eliminate Performance Bottlenecks
Increase Infrastructure Agility
Business Continuity: Zero Downtime
Reduce Data Storage Costs
Industries
Healthcare
Education
Government
Cloud Service Providers
Resources
All Resources
Resource Center
Case Studies
Data Sheets
White Papers
eBooks
Solution Briefs
Analyst Reports
Infographics
Videos
Events
All Events
In Person Events
Webcasts
Webinar Series
Community
All Communities
Blog
Support & Services
All Support
Support Benefits
Support Portal
Software Downloads
Training & Certifications
Professional Services
Product Requests
Contact Support
Partners
All Partners
Find a Partner
Resellers
Strategic Alliances
Technology Partners
DataCore Ready™
Become a Partner
Reseller Program
Cloud Service Providers
Appliance & System Builders
Training and Certifications
Partner Tools
Register for Portal
Try It Now
Company About UsVisionSuccess StoriesNewsroomAwardsBlogEventsCareersContact Us
Login DataCore Insight ServicesSupport PortalPartner PortalTraining Partner PortalLicensing Portal
Languages
English (US)English (UK)GermanFrenchItalianJapanese
Search
File & Object
Hybrid Cloud
Hyperconverged
NAS
SAN
File & Object
DataCore delivers ultimate flexibility in distributed file and object storage virtualization for unprecedented visibility and control over widely-scattered data spread across NAS, file servers, and object stores through a multi-site, keyword-searchable global namespace.
vFilO
Introducing the vFilO Hands-on Lab
Experience first-hand the many capabilities of vFilO file and object storage virtualization from your own private lab.
Test Drive vFilO Now
Hybrid Cloud
DataCore’s next-generation distributed file and object storage solutions are uniquely designed to help organize, control, mobilize, and safeguard large volumes of unstructured data scattered across on-premises and public cloud environments.
vFilO
DataCore vFilO: Visibility and Control of Unstructured Data for the Modern, Digital Business
DataCore employs innovative techniques to combine diverse unstructured data resources to achieve unprecedented visibility, control, and flexibility.
Get the Analyst Report
Hyperconverged
Choose between a software-only automated installation package or pre-integrated turnkey HCI appliances that cover small, medium and large capacity needs to create high-performance, high availability, cost-effective hyperconverged virtual SAN.
HCI-Flex Appliance
SANsymphony for HCI
DataCore HCI-Flex Appliance
The DataCore HCI-Flex appliance includes the simplicity of HCI with the ultimate flexibility of software-defined storage (SDS) along with DataCore’s deep SDS expertise and award-winning customer service.
Read the Data Sheet
NAS
DataCore provides scale-out NAS virtualization combined with an intelligent data management layer to simplify and accelerate data access across existing NAS silos, enabling global consolidation and nondisruptive migration.
vFilO
Distributed File and Object Storage Virtualization to Rapidly Modernize & Offload your NAS & File Servers
Ensure your best equipment is dedicated to the files that deserve it while leveraging lower-cost resources for the rest.
Get the Solution Brief
SAN
DataCore delivers ultimate flexibility and maximum performance for block-based storage virtualization to provide organizations with the tools they need to efficiently aggregate isolated disparate storage resources into one highly available storage services pool.
SANsymphony SDS
HCI-Flex Appliance
Software-Defined Storage Platform
The availability, performance, agility and TCO needed to meet the demands of next generation storage.
Get the Data Sheet
Use Cases
Eliminate Performance Bottlenecks
Increase Infrastructure Agility
Business Continuity: Reduce Downtime
Reduce Data Storage Costs
Industries
Healthcare
Education
Government
Cloud Service Providers
Reducing Data Center Infrastructure Costs with SDS
Discover the potential for dramatic cost savings enabled by DataCore software-defined storage.
Read More
Resource Center
Case Studies
Data Sheets
White Papers
eBooks
Solution Briefs
Analyst Reports
Infographics
Videos
Events
In Person Events
Webcasts
Webinar Series
Community
Blog
Ready to learn more about SDS now?
Watch our on-demand technical product tour featuring SANsymphony and vFilO.
Watch Now
Support
Support Benefits
Support Portal
FAQs & Bulletins
Software Downloads
Product Requests
Contact Support
Services
Training & Certifications
Instructor-Led Training
Professional Services
Become a Software-Defined Storage Expert
Register for one of our short online webinar or full classroom based sessions.
Get Started
Find a Partner
Resellers
Strategic Alliances
Technology Partners
DataCore Ready™
Become a Partner
Reseller Program
Cloud Service Providers
Appliance & System Builders
Training & Certifications
Partner Tools
Portal Login
Register for Portal
Training Partner Portal Login
Reseller Partner Program
Learn how DataCore's programs can help you build and grow your IT solutions business.
Learn More
Privacy
Introduction
Welcome to the DataCore Software Corporation (“DataCore” or “we“, “our“, “us“) Privacy Policy.
It is essential to DataCore and the people we work with that we use personal data. However, we recognize the importance of using personal data responsibly and the need to respect individuals’ privacy.
This Privacy and Cookie Policy (“Privacy Policy“) describes:
The types of personal data we may collect online through this website (“Website”).
The personal data we may collect offline.
How we use personal data.
Our legal basis for using personal data.
Who we may share personal data with.
How long we keep personal data.
Transferring personal data outside the European Economic Area.
Our use of cookies on this Website.
Updates to this Privacy Policy.
Your choices and rights in relation to your personal data.
Data protection officer.
How to contact us.
Information is included at the end of this Privacy Policy on how you can contact us about our privacy practices or regarding the correction of any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about you.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal data” refers to information about you or another living person that can be used to identify you or that person.
GDPR Requests
DataCore is committed to ensuring the privacy standards outlined in GDPR. If you’d like to change your status in our databases, submit a GDPR request.
Personal data we collect
We may obtain personal data direct from you and from various other sources, whether online through the Website or offline.
Personal data we collect online
We collect your personal data if you decide to engage in certain activities on the Website, such as:
Ordering or registering products or services.
Downloading software.
Registering for events.
Marketing or promotional activities.
Accessing certain sections of the Website.
White papers and other materials.
Subscribing to newsletters or press distribution lists.
Participating in online surveys, webinars, discussion groups, forums or live chats.
Entering contests.
The personal data we collect online about you will generally include:
Your contact details (such as your title, name, address, phone number and email address).
Your company and job title.
Financial details (for example, details about any payments you have made to us and where necessary your bank details).
Information about how you use our services.
Information about how you use our Website (for example, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data).
Information about your computer (including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type).
Other details relevant to a specific product or service.
If you choose not to supply some or all of your personal data we may be unable to provide you with the products and services that you requested, or provide you with access to certain sections or functionalities of the Website that we make available to our registered users. If you do not want to provide your personal data, there is still some publicly available content on the Website you can take advantage of without registration.
Personal data we collect offline
In addition to the personal data described above, we also may collect personal data provided to us offline in a variety of ways.
For instance, we may collect contact details of prospective customers or other persons at events such as trade shows (for example, by collecting their business cards or asking people to sign up to marketing and other information from DataCore).
We may also collect information from customers in connection with providing support, consulting and professional services to them. Such information may include personal data about individuals within the Customer’s organization (for example, a member of staff’s contact details).
We collect contact data of potential customers and the staff of potential customers from partners and other organizations that have legal authority to share the personal data with us.
The personal data we collect offline about you will generally include:
Your contact details (such as your title, name, address, phone number and email address).
Your company and job title.
Financial details (for example, details about any payments you or your organization have made to us and where necessary your bank details).
Correspondence with you.
Information about how you or your organization use our services.
Other details relevant to a specific product or service.
How we use the personal data we collect
We may use the personal data we collect to record and support your participation in the activities you select, and administer your relationship with us. For instance, we may use such personal data to:
Provide products or services you request.
Register your license and rights, if any, to technical support, upgrade discounts, or other benefits that may be made available to registered users.
Contact you regarding the contest that you decide to enter or prize awards.
Provide you with customer support.
Meet our contractual obligations towards you.
Enable you to participate in marketing, advocacy or promotional programs.
Contact you and make you aware of other products, information and services that we believe may be of interest to you (subject to your consent and ability to unsubscribe as described below).
Process and maintain a record of your transactions.
Respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support.
Operate, evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer.
Analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read).
Analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of the Website,
Protect against and prevent fraud or violations of our terms of sale.
Comply with applicable legal requirements.
If we intend to process your personal data in other ways, we will provide specific notice at the time of collection.
In addition, subject to your ability to object as described below, we may use personal data collected on the Website to build user profiles. In particular, if you decide to fill out a web form or click on a traceable link, we may associate your browsing activity on the Website with your profile, which can include your name, email address and company name. We may use such profiles for various purposes, including advertising, market research, sales, and Website design. If you wish that your personal data is not used in such a manner, please send an email to info@datacore.com.
Legal grounds for using your personal information
Contract
Where we have an agreement with you as an individual, we will use your personal information where necessary for the purposes of that agreement. Importantly, if you do not provide us with enough personal information for the purposes of the agreement, we may not be able to enter into or fulfill our obligations to you under the agreement.
Legitimate interests
However, in many situations we will not have an agreement with you as an individual. Where we do not have an agreement with you as an individual and we have not asked for your consent, our ground for the use of your personal information is for the legitimate interests of our business. We will always consider your rights and your privacy before using your personal data for the legitimate interests of our business. Where your rights or privacy override our business interests, we will not use your personal data.
Direct marketing
If we obtained your details in the context of a sale of goods or services we will send you direct marketing unless you object. If we did not obtain your details in the context of a sale, we will only send you direct marketing if you give us consent. You may request to “Unsubscribe” at any time after receiving a marketing communication from us. All marketing communications that you receive from DataCore will instruct you how to decline further marketing communications from us.
Consent
There may be other specific situations where the appropriate ground for us to use your personal data is your consent. We will always make you aware when we are relying on your consent to use your personal data.
Legal reasons
Separately from our business purposes, we will also use your personal information where we have a legal obligation to do so. For example, if a regulator or official authority asks us for your personal information. In very limited situations we may also use your personal information to exercise our legal rights (including in relation to legal proceedings).
Purpose limitation
If we collect your personal data for one purpose and then intend to use it for a different incompatible purpose, we will seek your consent to do so and/or inform you where necessary or appropriate.
Personal data we share
Business partners
We do not disclose personal data about you except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Where necessary as part of our business, we may share personal data with our affiliates, distributors, resellers and other trusted business affiliates.
We may also share your personal data with vendors and third party service providers who assist us with the operation of the Website, as well as our sales and services. We will always take appropriate steps to ensure that any third party with which we share your personal data will keep your personal data secure.
Processors
We use a number of organizations to carry out a range of services on behalf of DataCore (“processors”).
Our processors must handle your personal data in accordance with data protection law. We also have agreements in place with our processors so that they only handle your personal data as we have instructed them to. They cannot make any other use of your personal information (except where required by law).
Legal reasons
We may also share your personal information with regulators or official authorities where required or where necessary to exercise our legal rights.
Business development
As our business evolves, we may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including personal data in connection with a merger, reorganization, or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy. In such an event, the information collected about you, whether personal data or anonymous data, may be one of the assets transferred.
How long we keep personal information
To ensure we are able to meet our legal obligations and exercise our legal rights, we will store your personal information for six years after we last used it (or longer where we have a specific legal obligation).
Transferring personal data outside the European Economic Area
Some of our offices, processors and the partners we work with are based outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). When we send your personal information outside of the EEA to a country not recognized as providing appropriate protections, we put in place appropriate contracts, group agreements or other safeguards to ensure your rights are protected.
Cookies
When you visit the Website we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies (“cookies”). Cookies are text files that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to assign each visitor a unique, randomly generated number that resides on the visitor’s computer. Cookies and similar technologies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use the following cookies on our Website:
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the websites, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our websites function. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings.
Category
Cookies
DataCore Software
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
PHPSESSID
ASP.NET_SessionId
.ASPXAUTH
Oracle Service Cloud
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available on our support portals and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
cp_session
cp_profile
cp_profile_flag
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Category
Cookies
Civic Cookie Control
These cookies are set by the cookie compliance solution from Civic.
civicCookieControl
Google Translate
Our support portal offers the option of using Google’s Translate service to offer a machine translation of support-related content.
googtrans
1P_JAR
APISID
CONSENT
DV
HSID
NID
OGPC
SAPISID
SID
SIDCC
SSID
_ga
Analytics and Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our websites and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
Category
Cookies
Google
Google Analytics gathers information allowing us to understand interactions with our websites and ultimately refine that experience to better serve you.
_ga
_gat
_gid
_gaexp
Pardot
Salesforce Pardot helps us understand customer insights and create optimal web experiences.
pardot
lpv68742
visitor_id68742
visitor_id68742-hash
OptinMonster
OptinMonster allows us to understand interactions with our website and create customized content and offers for a better web experience.
_omappvp
_omappvs
om-success-cookie
om-815379
om-success-815379
Marketo
Marketo helps us understand customer insights and create optimal experiences for our customers on the web.
_mkto_trk
__cdrop
__csess
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Category
Cookies
LinkedIn
BizoID
UserMatchHistory
bcookie
bscookie
lang
lidc
Twitter
personalization_id
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmt
__utmx
__utmxx
__utmz
Google / DoubleClick
IDE
test_cookie
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal data practices. We will post a notice on the Website to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the bottom of the notice when it was most recently updated. By continuing to use the Website after we post any changes, you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy, as modified. Of course, our use of personal data gathered while the current Privacy Policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current statement, even if we change that statement later.
Your rights
It is important that you are familiar with and easily able to exercise the following rights:
The right to be informed personal data relating to you is being used or stored (which is what this Privacy Policy is for).
The right to access your personal data.
The right to object to direct marketing.
The right to object to the use of your personal data carried out on the ground of legitimate interests.
The right to withdraw consent.
The right to erasure of your personal data.
The right of data portability.
The right to have your personal data rectified if it is inaccurate.
The right to have your personal data restricted or blocked from being used.
The right to complain to the relevant data protection authority.
Please be aware that these rights are not always absolute and there may be some situations in which you cannot exercise them or they are not relevant.  To help you understand these rights you may wish to look at the websites of the European Data Protection Board and the national data protection authorities.
To exercise any of these rights, please use the contact details provided below or email info@datacore.com.
Data protection officer
You may contact our data protection officer via email: dataprotection@datacore.com.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy they should be directed to DataCore through one of the feedback forms you will find on the Website or by sending a notice by U.S Mail to DataCore Software, 1901 Cypress Creek Road Suite 200 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309, Attention: Director Worldwide Demand Generation.
Version: 20181204
Effective: Oct 10, 2016
Updated: Dec 4, 2018
Subscribe