https://www.iab.org/internet-architecture-board-conflict-of-interest-policy/
Home»Conflict of Interest Policy
Internet Architecture Board Conflict of Interest Policy
This policy covers the nomcom-selected Internet Architecture Board (IAB) members and ex-officio members (collectively, “Covered Individuals”). This policy has no impact on any other participants in IAB activities, for instance liaisons to and from the IAB or IAB program members.
In carrying out their IAB role, Covered Individuals are expected to act in the best interest of the Internet community. Occasionally the duties of this role may be—or may appear to be—incompatible or in conflict with a Covered Individual’s personal interests (including interests of their family members), or the interests of an organization of which the Covered Individual is an employee, director, owner, or otherwise has business or other current or future financial interest.
The purpose of this policy is to prevent Covered Individuals from using the IAB’s resources or decisions as a means for gain for themselves or related third parties.
Topics Requiring Disclosure Consideration
The IAB does not directly deal with matters relating to contracts or finance. The IAB does, however, have a role in personnel decisions, and its decisions and outputs have a potential to indirectly affect contracts within the IETF system. The IAB’s technical decisions and outputs also have a potential to impact both work elsewhere in the IETF and businesses that employ or develop Internet technology.
Activity on the IAB involves discussion and decisions regarding technical matters, mainly related to IETF activities. As an activity adjacent to a standardization process, it is often the case that Covered Individuals will have some (frequently non-financial) stake in the outcome of discussions or decisions that relate to technical matters. Covered Individuals should exercise judgement regarding disclosure related to technical matters, erring on the side of transparency. It is not expected that recusal related to technical matters will be common.
Topics where disclosure of potential conflicts may be required include, but is not limited to:
Confirmations of candidates selected by other bodies
Standards appeals
The RFC Series Editor
Liaison roles
Advice to ISOC
Appointments to other bodies
Sources of Potential Conflicts
This policy documents the expectation that all Covered Individuals publicly disclose, to the best of their ability, their main employment, sponsorship, consulting customer, or other relevant sources of income when entering the IAB or whenever there are updates.
Covered Individuals should promptly disclose when a topic discussed by the IAB could be considered a conflict of interest by a reasonable person.
Specific circumstances that might cause a conflict of interest include (but are not limited to):
A personnel decision relates to the Covered Individual, a colleague that the Covered Individual’s works closely with, or a family member. For the purposes of this policy, a “person working closely with” is someone working in the same team or project, or a direct manager or employee of the Covered Individual. And “family” means a spouse, domestic partner, child, sibling, parent, stepchild, stepparent, and mother-, father-, son-, daughter-, brother-, or sister-in-law, and any other person living in the same household, except tenants and household employees.
A decision or output from the IAB that may impact a contract that the IETF enters into with a party, and that party relates to the Covered Individual, a colleague that the Covered Individual works closely with, or a family member.
The success of a Covered Individual’s business depends significantly on the outcome of an IAB discussion or decision.
Disclosure and Recusal Procedure
Aside from general employment and relevant income public disclosures required above, any Covered Individual’s other potential conflicts of interest should be disclosed internally to the IAB. Covered Individuals may choose to recuse themselves from participation in discussions or decisions at their discretion. The IAB can request that a Covered Individual who discloses a conflict of interest recuse themselves from discussions and decisions.
Recusal is expected to be rare, in part because the IETF nomination committee (nomcom) is expected to provide the IAB with a diverse set of members to balance the different priorities and opinions of individual members.
Recusal Transparency
When a Covered Individual recuses from a decision or discussion, it will be noted in the public IAB minutes.
Current Disclosures
IAB Member
Main Employment, Sponsorship, or Consulting Customer
Other relevant sources of income or potential conflict of interest
Disclosure Date
Jari Arkko
Ericsson
None
2020-03-31
Ben Campbell
Independent Consultant; CTIA
None
2020-04-01
Alissa Cooper
Cisco
Member of ArtificialIntelligence Task Force, Center for a NewAmerican Security (CNAS)
2020-04-01
Stephen Farrell
Trinity College Dublin
School of Computer Science and Statistics
Part owner at Tolerant Networks Limited
Senior Technical Advisor, Messaging Malware Mobile Anti-Abuse Working Group (M3AAWG)
Cryptech
NGI Trust Advisory Board
IEDR provides some funding for IETF travel
EU StandICT (2018-2019)
2020-03-30
Wesley Hardaker
Information Sciences Institute at the University of Southern California
USC/ISI representative to ICANN’s Root Server System Advisory Committee
Operational manager of the USC/ISI DNS root server at b.root-servers.net
Conducting research projects currently sponsored by the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
2020-03-31
Cullen Jennings
Cisco
Advisory Committee Representative at W3C
2020-03-31
Mirja Kühlewind
Ericsson
None
2020-04-01
Zhenbin Li
Huawei Technologies, Co., Ltd.
None
2020-04-06
Jared Mauch
Akamai Technologies
Owner,  Washtenaw Fiber Properties LLC
Trustee, Educational Foundation of Dexter
2020-03-30
Mark Nottingham
Fastly
None
2020-03-30
Thomas Pauly
Apple
None
2020-03-31
Colin Perkins
University of Glasgow
Participation in the IETF and IRTF supported by:
EPSRC EP/S036075/1 (2020-2023)
EPSRC EP/R04144X/1 (2018-2020),
Huawei (2010-2017, 2019-2020)
EU StandICT (2018-2019)
Ericsson (2009,2012-2014)
Cisco (2007-2012)
UK National e-Science Centre (2003-2007)
NSF #0230738 (2002-2003)
DARPA (2000-2003)
EU FP4 MERCI and MECCANO (1996-2000)
2020-04-01
Jeff Tantsura
Apstra, Inc.
Board member of:
Elisity Inc
Earth Computing
SF Bay Area ISOC Chapter
2020-04-03
Jiankang Yao
China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC)
None
2020-04-03
This policy was approved 2020-03-04.
Recent Posts
IAB Reappoints Warren Kumari to the ICANN Technical Liaison Group
Reappointment of Colin Perkins as IRTF Chair
IAB Report to the Community for IETF 109
Call for nominations: IETF appointment to the ISOC Board of Trustees
Call for Feedback on the ICANN Technical Liaison Group Appointment
Search for:
IAB Work
IAB Agenda
IAB Minutes
IAB Documents
IAB Open Meetings
IAB Wiki
Technical Plenaries
IAB Programs
Evolvability, Deployability, and Maintainability Program
IANA Program
Internet Threat Model Program
Liaison Oversight
Plenary Planning Program
RFC Editor Future Development Program
RFC Editor Series Oversight Committee (RSOC)
Related Organizations
IETF Administration LLC
RFC Editor
IANA
IRTF
IETF Trust
ISOC
Privacy Statement
IETF/IRTF/IAB Privacy Statement
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org