http://www.vapor.com/pages/help
Shop by ProductHot & New
Earn and Save
Welcome!
Live Chat
Skip to content
Are you 21 or over?
No Yes
Thanks
We'll send you an email shortly confirming your subscribtion!
Home
My Account
Shop by Product
expand
Vaporizers
expand
Portable
Vape Pens
Desktop
Vape Mods
Hot & New
View All
Pipes & Rigs
expand
Spoon Pipes
Beakers
Bubblers
Steamrollers
Rigs
View All
Grinders
expand
Metal
Wood
Acrylic
Electric
Rolling Papers
expand
Papers & Wraps
Trays
CBD
expand
Cookies CBD
O.Pen
Bloom Farms
Mary's Nutritionals
All
Luggage & Storage
expand
Revelry
Evak
CVault
Boveda
CloudTen
Vape Case
Infusion Machines
expand
Magical Butter
Ardent
Parts
expand
Balloon Bags
Batteries
Chargers
Mouthpieces
Atomizers
Shop by Brand
expand
Shop All
PAX
Storz & Bickel
Grenco Science
KandyPens
Arizer
DaVinci
Higher Standards
AirVape
Firefly
Puffco
Dr. Dabber
Shop by Price
expand
Under $60
$60 to $100
$100 to $150
$150 to $200
Over $200
Hot & New
On Sale
Contests
Blog
Need Help
Help & FAQ
Questions Or Comments?
Please contact us. We would love to hear from you!
Need Help Choosing A Vaporizer?
Vaporizer Buying Guide
Vaporizer Reviews
Volcano Vaporizer Buying Guide
Frequently Asked Questions
How long will it take for my order to arrive?
How will my package be shipped?
Which days do you ship?
Who is your shipping carrier?
Where do you ship from?
Is shipping free to Alaska and Hawaii?
Will I have to sign for my package?
Do you ship to P.O. Boxes?
Do you ship internationally?
Are the vaporizer bonus packages free?
What will show up on my credit card's billing statement?
Do you take payment over the phone?
Do you accept checks or money orders?
Do I have to pay sales tax?
What's your return policy?
How long will it take for my order to arrive?
vapor.com's Shipping Policy features rapid order processing with same day shipping for orders placed Monday – Friday before 2:30pm EST (1:00pm for orders shipping to Canada). Most orders shipping to the USA will arrive in just 2 to 3 business days with our standard shipping method. If you wish to obtain a guaranteed delivery date, please choose an upgraded shipping method.
How will my package be shipped?
We place a very high value on your privacy, so your orders will always be shipped in plain, unmarked packaging. Our packaging is inconspicuous with no indication of the contents on the outer packaging; no vapor.com logo, no product indications. The return label on your package will indicate "Shipping Department", along with our address.
International orders do include a commercial invoice for customs documentation, which appears on the outer packaging. The invoice includes a packing list indicating: Tax ID, Item, Item Weight, Item Value (Price), and Item’s Country of Origin.
Which days do you ship?
vapor.com warehouses operate Monday through Friday. Our Shipping Policy features rapid order processing with same-day shipping for all orders placed Monday - Friday before 2:30pm EST (1:00pm for orders shipping to Canada).
Who is your shipping carrier?
We ship with FedEx, FedEx Express, and the United States Postal Service (USPS). Orders shipping within Canada will ship via USPS and FedEx.
Where do you ship from?
Our warehouses are located in South Florida, New York, Central California, and Canada. Our sophisticated order management system will ship your package from the closest location with available inventory. Please contact us for details regarding availability.
Is shipping free to Alaska and Hawaii?
Yes, standard shipping is free to the U.S. on all vaporizers and orders over $48. Express options subject to change.
Will I have to sign for my package?
While an adult signature is required for orders $200 and greater, an “Indirect Signature” option is available for most locations. The Indirect Signature service will not require you to be home when the carrier attempts to deliver your package. Please contact us for further details.
Do you ship to P.O. Boxes?
We will ship parts, accessories, and smaller items to Post Office Boxes. However, if you are purchasing a vaporizer, please give a physical address. Larger orders and most vaporizers are shipped with FedEx, which offers a sophisticated tracking system.
Do you ship internationally?
Yes! Pretty much everywhere. Please note that on USPS First Class packages tracking is only available until the item reaches the US border. Also, remember your country may levy taxes, customs fees, or import duties on the purchase that you'll be responsible for.
Are the bonus packages free?
Yes, most vaporizers feature a free bonus package exclusive to vapor.com.
What will show up on my credit card's billing statement?
Warehouse Goods Inc.
Do you take payment over the phone?
Yes, you can place your order via phone by calling vapor.com's Customer Service team at (877) 865-2260. We accept credit cards, debit cards, and gift cards backed by Visa, Discover, American Express, and Master Card.
Do you accept checks or money orders?
We do accept USPS Money Orders. You can place your order by phone, and your order will be shipped after we receive your payment. Please contact us for details.
Do I have to pay sales tax?
Only residents of NV, NY, PA, NJ, FL and CA are required to pay sales tax. Some states such as PA may change additional taxes on vaporizer products.
What's your return policy?
If you need to return or exchange your purchase for any reason, just ship back to us unopened in brand new condition within 30 days of your purchase. We’ll get you a refund. Just shoot us an email at support@vapor.com first to get your unique RMA number and return instructions.
STORE
Top Rated Vaporizers
Portable Vaporizers
Desktop Vaporizers
Our Favorites
Vaporizer Parts
Grinders
RESOURCES
Vaporizer Buying Guide
Volcano Vaporizer Buying Guide
What is a Vaporizer
Create An Account
Help
Site Map
COMPANY
Why vapor.com?
Satisfaction Guaranteed!
Customer Testimonials
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms of Use
Coupons & Exclusions
Buy Vaporizers Wholesale