http://www.betterwebspace.com/terms/Terms-Of-Use.php
Allow Cookies
We use cookies to keep our site relevant and easy to use, your continued use of this site is consent that we
may set several cookies (see our Privacy & Cookie Policy), click to
always allow cookies from our site (and not see this notifcation on your next visit) or
read more.
EU legislation requires that all websites clearly specify if cookies are being used and their purpose, You can read more about how we use
cookies (and which cookies we use) in our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
You will see this notification the first time you visit our website unless you accept cookies (in which case we'll set a cookie to remember thay you're happy for us to to set cookies!).
About Us |
Login |
Buy Now
View Full Site
HomeHostingResellersDomainsProgramming & AutomationBlogContact Us
Menu
Home > Terms > Terms & Conditions
Website Terms of Use
We offer you a warm welcome to the BetterWebSpace website.
Within these Terms of Use - ‘we’ ‘us or ‘our’ refers to InnovaTech Media Ltd
T/A BetterWebSpace a company registered in England and Wales with a registered office of Bremhill Grove Farmhouse, East Tytherton, Chippenham, Wiltshire, SN15 4LX and a registration number of 06936182 and ‘you’ or ‘your’ refers to the visitor or user, singular also refers to plural, masculine to feminine and vice versa.
These Terms & Conditions govern the use of this website, the Terms and Conditions under which our Services are provided can be found here: Terms and Conditions.
By using our website you are deemed to have accepted these Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy. You must not use or access this website if you do not accept or disagree with any part of these Terms or our Privacy Policies or if it would be illegal under the Laws of the country from where you gain access.
Unless otherwise stated, the website design, images, graphics, text, layout, software, source code and appearance is intellectual property owned by or licensed to us, we grant you a license to view and print pages from this website, downloading is permitted for caching purposes and personal use only.
Reproduction, publishing, duplicating, copying, distribution. broadcasting, transmitting, displaying, translating, modifying or otherwise using material on this website is prohibited without our express written consent and all intellectual property rights are reserved.
Colours, layout, design, images etc may subject to distortion or placement, position or proportion issues dependant on the type of device used to access the website and any personal settings within that device.
Any Trade Marks reproduced within this website that are not the property of us or a licensor are recognised, acknowledged and respected.
Viewing our website does not create any obligation upon you to make, or us to accept a contract for any services.
The content, prices, offers, product specifications, availability, design, layout, scheme or theme are subject to change without notice or may be stated incorrectly or in error.
We may revise these Terms of Use from time-to-time. Any revision or amendment will apply to the use of our website from the date of the publication. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Whilst we will make all reasonable endeavours to maintain continuous and secure access to our website and its services, technology and equipment can function incorrectly or fail to function at all, the operation and availability of the website and services may be interrupted or interfered with beyond our control and cannot give any warranties or guarantees nor shall we be liable in contract, tort or negligence in respect of your inability to access the website or loss, damage or corruption of any data.
Any information or details provided within the website is done so without warranty that it is free from errors or to its accuracy or that any particular product is suitable or appropriate for your needs. If you subsequently acquire our services it is your sole responsibility to ensure the services meets your requirements and needs.
The website may include advertisements or links to other websites and are provided for convenience and information only. Links and advertisements are not intended to be, and shall not be taken to be an endorsement of any content or products nor does reacting to an advertisement constitute an irrevocable offer of sale or contract. We cannot be held liable in any way whatsoever for the content or products on a linked website.
1You must not use our website in any way -
that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or its hosting servers;
impairs or interferes with of the availability or accessibility of the website;
that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
In the interest of keeping users safe and we may use any method available to us, including technical and legal to prevent or remedy a breach of these terms.
Neither party shall be held in breach of this agreement, or held liable in damages for any event, delay, default
resulting from Force Majeure (A force of nature or ‘Act of God’) or conditions which do not arise as a result of a breach of a duty of care or negligence, including but not limited to adverse weather, war, strikes, fires, floods. Governmental restrictions, power failures, failure of suppliers, sub-contractors or carriers or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the party, providing that the party experiencing the difficulty provides prompt written notification.
Our liability to you in relation to the use of our website or under or in connection with these Terms of Use, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, will be limited as follows:
to the extent that access to our website and the information are provided free-of-charge (notwithstanding that your connection to the internet is subject to fees from your internet service provider), we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature, whether in law, equity or
to the extent that we do not offer advice in relation the selection or suitability of any service, and any purchase or use of our services is at your sole discretion, we will not be liable for any consequential, indirect or special loss or damage, loss of profit, income, revenue, anticipated savings, contracts, business, goodwill, reputation, data, or information; and
we will not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
Nothing in these Terms of Use (or elsewhere on our website) will exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
A person or company who is not party to the agreement shall not have any rights, benefits or obligations under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
If there is any conflict between these terms of use and any other contract between the parties in relation to any service referred to within this website, the terms and conditions of providing the service shall prevail.
If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable by a Court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. Wherever possible the invalid or unenforceable Term shall be replaced by one with a similar effect or meaning.
No forbearance or delay in enforcing these Terms or any other legal right shall prejudice, restrict, interfere or otherwise diversely affect the right to enforce those Terms at a later time or for a subsequent breach.
These Terms of Use are constructed and governed in accordance with English Law and only available in the English language, the courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate and provide determinations on any dispute arising from or in relation to them.
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions   Definitions   1. General & Legal   2. Starting and ending the Agreement   3. Guarantees   4. Hosting   5. Resellers   6. Domain names   7. Email   8. Additional services   9. Add-ons   10. Acceptable use   11. Fees and charges   12. Customer service commitment   13. Complaints   14. Take down notices   15. AffiliatesPrivacy PolicyFraud PolicyWebsite Terms of Use
Home
Hosting
Resellers
Domains
Programming & Automation
Terms
Buy Now
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2002-2014 BetterWebSpace, BetterWebSpace is a trading name of InnovaTech Media Ltd.
Registered in England And Wales, company number 6936182
VAT Registration Number (for EU clients only): 201 3640 66