http://www.crossroads.com/privacy-policy/
About
Press Releases
Financial & Regulatory Filings
Board & Governance
Investor Information
Form 8937
Events
Capital Plus Financial
Privacy Policy
Crossroads Systems, Inc. Web Site Privacy Statement
Crossroads respects your rights to privacy. We hold your information in confidence.
Asking for Your Information
There are times when we may ask you for personal information such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. Your name and e-mail address may be collected and used in conjunction with other information, such as your occupation, position and other specifics. If you prefer not to be contacted, please follow the unsubscribe instructions.
Personal information collected on Crossroads’ sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Crossroads or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using a Crossroads site or service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Crossroads abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union. Except as described in this statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Crossroads and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings.  Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We may access and/or disclose your personal information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on Crossroads; or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Crossroads (including the enforcement of our agreements).
Use of Web Beacons
Crossroads Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services.
Crossroads may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the operations of our sites. We prohibit Web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
Crossroads websites use “cookies” to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Crossroads websites use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information on your later visits to these sites.
Communication Preferences
If you wish to update or correct the personal information you provided to Crossroads, please contact us .
Personal Information Privacy
Crossroads will take all appropriate steps to keep your personal information confidential. Our Web site shares usage information about site visitors with reputable third-party companies for gathering aggregate information about site traffic and usage. For these purposes, we and our third-party companies note some of the pages you visit on our Web site using pixel tags (also called transparent gifs). Some of the information collected by our third-party analytics provider may be personally identifiable; however, our provider is contractually precluded from selling, licensing or conveying any such information to any third party or from using that information in any way outside Crossroads’ own privacy policy.
Home | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
2020 - Copyright © All Rights Reserved