http://www.pscs.co.uk/about/privacy
Login
Contact us: 01484 855800
Contact us: 01484 855800
Privacy Information
Paul Smith Computer Services do not sell or publish any information about their customers unless given express permission to do so (for instance in our 'Customer Comments' section or our reseller listings).
Spam
We never send 'spam' to our customers. We will, on occasion, send out email notifications about our software - for instance if a vulnerability has been found and a security update is available, but you can opt out these notifications by contacting webmaster@pscs.co.uk. Note that in the past 4 or 5 years, only 3 such emails have been sent.
Cookies
Some sections of our website do use cookies, but they are necessary for the operation of the site. No 'tracking' cookies are used anywhere on our site.
The areas of our website where cookies are used are:
The support system - on this area, the cookies are used to keep track
of your account details. If you "logout" of the system, your cookie should be deleted by your web browser. If,
when you log in to the forums you do not choose 'Remember me on each visit', the cookie will
be deleted automatically when you close your web browser.
The online order system - on this area, the cookies are
used to remember what is contained in your 'shopping basket'. The cookie will be deleted automatically when
the web browser is closed.
The main website 'My account' section. This area uses
cookies to remember which PSCS customer account you hold. If you are not an existing PSCS customer,
then this cookie will never be created. When you log out of the
main website (http://www.pscs.co.uk) the cookie will be deleted by your
web browser. If you do not choose 'Remember Me' when you log into the main website,
the cookie will be deleted automatically when you close your web browser.
If you do not want to use cookies, then you can avoid using them by not logging in to the main website, not using
the online support system, and not using the online order system. Orders can be placed by telephone instead -
however these will often take longer than using the online systems.
If there are any questions or concerns about the use of cookies on our website, please
contact webmaster@pscs.co.uk.
Personal Data
We hold personal data about the following groups of people, for the listed reasons:
Customers
People who have purchased items or services from us.
Data held
Name
Email address
Invoice address
Contact telephone number
Securely hashed password
Purpose
For sending licence keys etc
For sending invoice
For contacting the customer if there is a problem with the order, payment, etc
For contacting the customer about subscription renewals, etc
For providing a 'portal' on our website so that customers can access licence keys, invoices etc
GDPR Lawful Bases: Contractual, Legitimate Interests
Some of this data is shared with Kashflow who are our online accounting
software provider. Kashflow will not contact you directly but their system will email invoices etc on our behalf.
Technical support users
People who have requested technical support from us.
Data held
Email address
Name (possibly)
Other information volunteered by user
Purpose
For providing the requested technical support
This data is shared with LiveAgent who provide our online
helpdesk solution. LiveAgent will not contact you directly, but their system will email our replies and
automated responses on our behalf.
LiveAgent may store further information which we do not have access to - for instance passwords for user-access
to our Helpdesk ticketing system
GDPR Lawful Bases: Legitimate Interests
Newsletter users
People who have explicitly signed up to our newsletter, for VPOP3 release news, status updates and helpful tips.
Users can unsubscribe from this at any point, either by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the emails they receive
or by contacting support@pscs.co.uk
Data held
Email address
Name (possibly)
Purpose
For sending our newsletter consisting of selected updates from our Blog
This data is shared with MailChimp who are our mailing list provider.
MailChimp's systems email the newsletter on our behalf.
GDPR Lawful Bases: Legitimate Interests, Consent
Software 'Calls Home'
Our software will periodically 'call home' to validate licence details, check whether new versions are
available, or to download spam filter updates or antivirus updates (if these optional extras have been purchased).
These calls do not include any personal information. The details which are sent by the software may include
some or all of the following:
The licence details of our software
The external IP address of your Internet connection
The number of users currently in use (not any other details about them).
The software version number
A computer ID.
The computer ID does not allow us to identify you personally, it is just a unique 'hash' number created
from the hardware configuration of the PC used to uniquely identify each PC (similar to the way other
Windows (and other software) "activation" works). This is used to let us see whether a particular VPOP3 licence
is being used on multiple PCs.
If you have any questions or concerns about the "calls home", please
contact webmaster@pscs.co.uk
Subscribe
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Information
|
Company Info