http://www.softsecurity.com/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | The best software for PC users' activity monitoring
Windows OS
Android OS
macOS
Employeemonitoring
Parentalcontrols
The best software for PC users’ activity monitoring
Toggle navigation
HomeSpytech SpyAgentSpyrix Personal MonitorAll-In-One KeyloggerREFOG Personal MonitorStaffCop StandardNewsGlossary Choose a languageEnglish
Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyWe understand the importance of personal information of our visitors and are interested in preventing this information from loss or theft of by third parties while visiting this site.We respect our visitors and understand their concerns about protection of their personal information. This policy is intended to ensure the visitors of our website that all the personal information provided by them is handled safely and responsibly. Additionally, this information is posted for our visitors to know what information we collect, how we handle it, and whom we can share it with.We constantly improve our site. This means that this policy may change, so we recommend you visiting this page from time to time in order to learn the current version our privacy policy.Our site contains links to third-party websites. Please note that we are in no way responsible neither for their content, nor for their privacy policies.By accessing this site you agree to the terms of Our Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree with them in whole or in part, please leave our site.Use of CookiesWhen you visit this site, you surf it anonymously and can access any of its pages without revealing your identity. In order to make our site better, we use so-called “cookies”. A Cookie is a small piece of data sent to your browser by the server. A Cookie can be read only by the server that sent it to you. When you access the website, the Cookie assigns a randomly-generated, unique identification number to your PC. It allows us to record such information as visited pages of our site, time spent on pages, keywords used to get to our website, etc.Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default. You can configure your browser to show you a notification every time you receive a cookie, which enables you to decide whether to accept it or not.Please note that using the information stored in cookies doesn’t identify you personally, leaving you anonymous. We don’t create profiles of our users; the data, stored in cookies, can’t be used to identify a person. So, our site is fully GDPR compliant.
UPX CLOSE
IMPORTANT! Installing computer monitoring tools on computers you do not own or do not have permission to monitor may violate local, state or federal law. &COPY2020 Softsecurity.com All Rights Reserved. Use of any information from this website is permitted only with hypertext link to https://www.softsecurity.com/. | Privacy Policy