http://www.nejug.org/common/privacy-policy.html
HOME
EVENTS
FAQ
NEWS
LISTINGS
ABOUT
Sign In
Forgot your password?
New Members
New to NEJUG?
Create an account to get started today.
CREATE NEW ACCOUNT
NEJUG Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
How You Can Opt out of the NEJUG
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the New England Java Users Group (www.nejug.org) website. The types of personal information collected though this website include:
Name
Email address
Company
Event registration history
Users originating IP address
The Way We Use Information:
To inform you about upcoming NEJUG events.
To inform you about upcoming Java / JVM industry events
Aggregated registration information is used to decide how much pizza and water to order for NEJUG events
We will not share the details of the NEJUG membership list with any non-NEJUG groups
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Opt out of the NEJUG mailings
At the bottom of all NEJUG emails there is an option to unsubscribe. To stop all future NEJUG emails click on the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the email. Should you decide to re-register for future mailings, just connect to the NEJUG website and re-register for a future event.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at markfjohnson@gmail.com.
General
Home
FAQ
Events
News
Listing
About
Privacy Policy
Membership Terms
Forms
Sign In
Lightning Talk Inquiry
Suggest Meeting Topic
Membership Registration
Meeting Host Inquiry
Support/Issues
Website Feedback
Volunteer Inquiries
Announcement Form
Channel
Mobile
©2018 NEJUG , All Rights Reserved