http://www.mrexcel.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
MrExcel Home
MrExcel Message Board
Excel Speaker
MrExcel Store
MrExcel News
Excel Tips
MrExcel Resources
Products
Excel Mall
TechTV
The MrExcel Challenge
Learn Excel Resources
Archive
Consulting Services
Search MrExcel
About
About MrExcel
Advertise with MrExcel
Media
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Explore MrExcel.com
A wealth of Excel knowledge at your fingertips...
MrExcel Message Board
Excel Speaker
MrExcel Store
MrExcel News
Excel Tips
MrExcel Resources
Products
Excel Mall
TechTV
The MrExcel Challenge
Learn Excel Resources
Archive
Consulting Services
Search MrExcel
About
About MrExcel
Advertise with MrExcel
Media
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Subscribe to MrExcel Videos on YouTube
Featured Product Cleaning Excel Data With Power Query Straight To The Point
Power Excel Newsletter
Subscribe for new Excel Tips »
1 - 2 times per month
Featured Product Excel Function Wall Clock
Excel Daily News
with Bill Jelen
MrExcel Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 28, 2018
Welcome to MrExcel.com!
This website, https://www.mrexcel.com, is operated by MrExcel Publishing.
There are three basic services at MrExcel.com:
The Message Board
Writting to MrExcel
MrExcel Store
The Message Board
Well, this is a public message board, so nothing there is private. If you are looking for assistance, and you post your question at the message board, then pretty much anyone with an Internet connection can see your post (this is good, as it will maximize the chances someone will have an answer). The bottom line is that if your question involves your top secret formula for a new anti-gravity miracle machine, you probably should change some of the secret information before you post it to the board.
Personal Information that You Provide to Us
We collect following information during the forum account registration. Required information is necessary to create your account, optional information can be entered/modified in the User Control Panel.
Required Information:
Username
Email
Birthday (to verify your age to comply with COPPA requirements, visibility can be controlled in the User Control Panel)
Optional Information - The information that you are free to provide or not in the User Control Panel - such as:
Biography
Location
Interests
Occupation
ICQ, AIM, MSN, Yahoo, Skype
You can view and edit your personal information in the User Control Panel anytime, and you can contact us to remove your personal information from our database, that will result ending your membership to MrExcel Message Board leaving the content you provided (posts) anonymous.
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
Writing to MrExcel
Before the message board became the incredible resource that it is, readers were encouraged to send their problems directly via e-mail to MrExcel. Today, many people post their question in the YouTube comments for one of my videos or reach out through LinkedIn, Facebook, Google+, or About.me. If you send your problem, I may paraphrase your question and post it on the web site, in my blog, a future book, or in a YouTube video. I will generally attribute the question to a "from," - something like "Mary from Chicago." Now, this could be a problem if you are the only Thaddeus in a village of 17 people and you have passed yourself off as an Excel expert to your boss and you need to write to ask how to enter a SUM() formula. In this case, I would suggest listing a different name and city (perhaps Mary from Chicago?) in your e-mail, or perhaps posting to the message board.
As a result of receiving e-mails from people using Excel, I find myself with a large number of e-mail addresses from people who use Excel. There are really more e-mails than I can read, let alone bother to collect into a mailing list of e-mail addresses. However, once the book is out, I reserve the right to use this list to alert you that you a new book is out, or about the new MrExcel CD, or that I am travelling to your city to do a seminar, or that some other significant event has happened at MrExcel. This will only be used to pitch something from the owner of the MrExcel web site, and will not be used to hawk 3rd party products. Bottom line: You are not going to start receiving spam based on sending your problem to MrExcel.
MrExcel Store
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection & Use in MrExcel Store
MrExcel Store registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with payment processing, product availability, etc. Customers have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.
MrExcel Store also uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Credit Card Information
When you need to enter your credit card information in MrExcel Store, you are entering that information over a secure connection directly with our payment processor. We never store your payment information on our server.
Cookies
For more information about our use of cookies, please read our Cookies Policy.
Security
We take every precaution to protect our visitors’ and customers’ information. We use HTTPS everywhere on MrExcel.com to ensure that all connections are totally and completely secure. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
International Users
We are headquartered in the United States. Our sites and services are hosted and administrated in the United States or hosted with cloud service providers who are headquartered in the United States and are intended for users in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of our sites and services may be processed in, transferred to, and stored in the United States and will be subject to United States law. The privacy and data protection laws of the United States may be different from the laws of your country of residence.
By using our sites and services or providing us with your information, you consent to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and storage.
Third-Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliate marketing notice
MrExcel.com will earn a commission if you follow a link from our site to Amazon, eJunkie, or other sites. Following an affiliate link does not increase the price you will pay and sends a percentage of your purchase price back to us in order to pay for ongoing hosting costs. If you really like what we are doing here, start each Amazon shopping trip with a link from our site.
Affiliate sales notice
MrExcel.com offers a commission when you buy an e-Book and you have followed a link from someone who signs up as an affiliate. To sign up as an affiliate and earn commissions for sales that you refer to us, click here.
Tweet
Share
Upcoming Event
Unmasking Excel Two Hour WebinarWEBINAR - 02/11/2021
More Events »
Hot Topics
Please Check my VBA code
12/07/2020 - (32 replies)
Hello
I would like a advanced VBA user to see my code pls.
I am just making simple if functions in VBA, but since I am new it is not that easy to me
Future Revenue Earning Based on Scenarios
12/05/2020 - (29 replies)
Hello! I am looking for someone to design a simple tool to simulate a revenue share agreement.
The excel ( or google sheet) should make it easy for me
VBA to automatically loop through validation list with any change
12/06/2020 - (28 replies)
I have a validation list that when a specific date is selected, it runs a "PasteData" macro.
How do I insert code to automatically loop through all th
highlight active cell Row till "M"
12/02/2020 - (25 replies)
I have VBA code to highlight active Row, it is working very well.
but it is highlight whole Row.
I want hightlight in my data entry range.
my data is
Weird Phone number format question
12/03/2020 - (25 replies)
So I get lists of phone numbers that I need to format in a weird way for batch uploads to our system, like this: +15555555555.
I get the numbers in a
Code to copy and paste all data from specified workbook
12/03/2020 - (25 replies)
I need to first clear all worksheets in active workbook.
Then use the listbox item to open a new specified Workbook.
Then copy all the sheets paste to