https://www.nyiix.net/cookie-policy/
About Us
Locations
NYIIX New York
NYIIX NY Members
NYIIX NY Statistics
NYIIX NY Partners
NYIIX Los Angeles
NYIIX LA Members
NYIIX LA Statistics
NYIIX LA Partners
NYIIX Philadelphia
NYIIX PA Members
NYIIX PA Statistics
NYIIX PA Partners
Technical
Architecture
NYIIX Centillion II
Requirements
Route Servers
RTBH
Marketplace
News
Contact
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy Telehouse America
What are cookies?
When you visit the Telehouse Website, we collect certain data regarding your visit and activities via cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your computer or other devices. Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Telehouse Website and to improve our sites. By continuing to browse the Telehouse Website (as applicable), you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with this policy.
How do we use cookies?
We use the following cookies to ensure that the Telehouse Website (as applicable) is working properly, to remember your user preferences and to understand how our visitors use the Telehouse Website so that we can better tailor our interactions with you:
Category 1 – Essential / Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are required to save your session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of the Telehouse Website, for example, in relation to the distribution of traffic. These cookies are session cookies, which are temporary and will expire when you close your browser. We use this category of cookie on the Telehouse Website.
Category 2 – Analytical/performance cookies. Analytical / performance cookies allow us to collect data about how visitors use the Telehouse Website (as applicable) (for example, the number of visitors and how visitors move around our website when they are using it). This helps us to improve the way the Telehouse Website (as applicable) work, for example, by assessing whether users are able to find what they are looking for easily and collecting data on any errors users might experience. We use this category of cookie on the Telehouse Website.
Category 3 – Functionality cookies. These cookies allow us to recognize you if you return to the Telehouse Website (as applicable) from another website during the same browsing session. They are used to collect information about your preferences (for example, your choice of region or language) which helps us to improve your website experience. They also enable us to record when you have seen a policy or provided a consent, which helps prevent repetitive pop-up messages or disclaimers.
We use this category of cookie on the Telehouse Website.
We use the following cookies on the Telehouse Website:
The tables below explain the use of the cookies on our websites.
Live Chat
CookieName
Usage
Life
apexchat_profile_id
used for Apex live ch
expires in 24 hours
apexchat_operator_id
used for Apex live ch
expires in 24 hours
apexchat_agent_alias_
used for Apex live ch
expires in 24 hours
apexchat_visitor_id
used for Apex live ch
expires in 24 hours
_hjIncludedInSample
Hotjar cookie. This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample, which is used to generate funnels
expires in 365 days
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service from Google, Inc. (‘Google’), to give Telehouse insight into how our websites are used. Information about your use of our website, including your IP address, can be transmitted to Google and stored on their servers. We use this information to create reports that help us improve the website. We collect anonymous information via the cookies. Examples are: the number of visitors to the website, how visitors came to our website, and the pages within our website that they have visited.
CookieName
Usage
Life
_ga
Google Analytics
Expires in 2 Years
_gat
Google Analytics
Expires in 1 Minute
__utmz
Google Analytics
Expires in 6 Months
_gid
Google Analytics
Expires in 24Hrs
__utmc
Google Analytics
Expires end of browser sesision
__utmt_sfga
Google Analytics
Expires in 24Hrs
__utmb
Google Analytics
Expires 30 mins from Set/Update
__utma
Google Analytics
Expires 2 years from Set/Update
WordPress
CookieName
Usage
Life
wordpress_test_cookie
Used on sites built with WordPress. Tests whether or not the browser has cookies enabled
expires when browser is closed
Third-party
CookieName
Usage
Life
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
A cookie that YouTube sets that measures your bandwidth to determine whether you get the new player interface or the old
– expires 8 months from set/update
GPS – YouTube
Registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location.
Expires when browser is close
PREF
YouTube – Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites.
Expires in 8 months
YSC
YouTube – Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen
– Expires when browser is closed
Third party cookies
Please note that the Telehouse Website (as applicable) may link through to third party websites and third parties (including, for example, providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
Third party providers as specified above provide several of the cookies we use. The third party operated services may be used to track your browsing habits in addition to the information specified and without our knowledge. Please refer to the privacy and/or cookie policy of the listed services for detailed information.
You may refuse the use of cookies by third parties by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Telehouse Website (as applicable).
By using the Telehouse Website (as applicable), you consent to the processing of data about you by the relevant third parties set out above in the manner and for the purposes described.
About cookie-based advertisement distribution by third-party advertisement distributors
Telehouse advertisements appear on various Internet websites due to our tie-ups with a number of third-party advertisement distribution companies.
These third-party advertisement distribution companies distribute these advertisements using cookies, access data, Telehouse identifiers and customer attribute information. Telehouse processes the information used by the advertisement distribution companies so that any advertisement distribution company cannot identify any individual customer.
By accessing the opt-out page of each of the advertisement distributors listed below, you can disable this feature and prevent the use of cookies and access data by the advertisement distributors.
Google Opt-out page
Yahoo! Opt-out page
Other general links to external websites
Visitors have the opportunity to go to various external websites on which Telehouse is present. When the visitor chooses to view the contents of these websites, he or she is directed from the Telehouse website to the other site. Various cookies can be used during the visit to these sites. Telehouse is not responsible for the use of any cookies whatsoever when the visitor has left the Telehouse website.
LinkedIn – Refer to privacy policy at LinkedIn
Twitter  –  Refer to privacy policy at Twitter
YouTube – Refer to privacy policy at YouTube
Managing cookies
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. It is also possible to delete cookies that have been installed in the past. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential / strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of Telehouse Website (as applicable).
General
You can find out more about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org. This site will give you guidance on how to control and delete unwanted cookies you have already accepted.
We reserve the right to amend this Cookie Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted within this page and shall become effective as soon as they are posted.
Contact Us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Continuing to use this site assumes you accept our cookie policy. Ok No Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
This is an necessary category.
Save & Accept