http://www.vordel.com/en/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Products
AMPLIFY Platform
Try it now!
AMPLIFY Overview
Why AMPLIFY?
Hybrid Integration
Enterprise iPaaS
Login / Register
AMPLIFY Products
Analytics
API Management
Application Development
Application Integration
B2B Integration
Content Services
Managed Cloud
Managed File Transfer
Specialized Products
AI Suite
Automator
MailGate
Sentinel
Other products
Solutions
Industry
Automotive
Banking & Financial Services
Healthcare
Insurance
Life Sciences
Manufacturing & CPG
Retail
Transportation & Logistics
Government & Public Service
Business Driver
Customer Experience
Modernize IT
Innovation
The Drive to Hybrid Integration
Business continuity
Catalysts
Services
Support
Consulting
Training & Certification
Griffin Lab
Resources
Asset Library
Webinars
Blogs
Podcasts
Mr. Open Banking
Transform It Forward
Videos
Developer Portal
Digital Maturity Assessment
Hybrid Integration Assessment
CONNECT Newsletter
Company
About
Better Together
Careers
Investor Relations
Events
Media
Analyst Recognition
Leadership
R&D Manifesto
Legal Contracts
Top Right Menu
Partners
Partner Community
Find a partner
Become a partner
Resources
Partner login
Customers
Customer Stories
Customer Advocacy
Quarterly Newsletter
User Group Program
Axway Security Statement
Documentation
Support
Community
Developers
Platform login
English
EnglishFrançaisDeutsch
+
AMPLIFY API Management
Unlock value now. Deliver more today.
Try AMPLIFY for free
Build APIs
Manage APIs
Analyze APIs
Extend APIs
Your data and digital capabilities are priceless. But they are often hidden, making them expensive and difficult to leverage. Unlocking their value securely and cost-effectively with APIs is the key to seamless customer experiences and continuous innovation in every organization. APIs connect ecosystems by exposing data, functions, and processes and integrating them in new applications, products, and services that deliver more business value. AMPLIFY API Management provides everything your organization needs to create, publish, deploy, and scale APIs in the most secure and cost-effective way.
Turn your digital capabilities into new possibilities
Grow your business
4x increase in customer acquisition over 3 years
Learn More
Earn customer loyalty
80% reduction in time and resources to troubleshoot customer issues
Learn More
Build cost-effectively
25% cost/income ratio for digital banks
Learn More
Unlock your value securely
Axway is the only leading vendor with Common Criteria Certification
Read More
Open up your API platform
The digital needs of enterprises worldwide have gone beyond traditional API Management. To enable agile platforms, enterprises must be able to use all their digital capabilities, across Cloud and on-premises, across multiple API gateways and various integration patterns, governed by different providers. The key is to manage this complexity.
Learn how BNP Paribas Personal Finance uses AMPLIFY Unified Catalog to do that.
Learn More
A Magic Quadrant Leader for the 5th Time
Axway is a Leader in 2020 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Full Life Cycle API Management. Find out why.
Read the Report
Deploy anywhere
Within an enterprise, there are layers upon layers of technologies deployed over time. Many of these heritage systems are full of valuable data, and far from obsolete. At the same time, companies want to take advantage of the flexibility and cost savings that come with the cloud. AMPLIFY API Management works with and extends the value of the IT infrastructure you already have in place. And it can be deployed anywhere, on your own terms and timelines – choose to stay on-premises, move to the cloud, or be somewhere in between in the hybrid world.
“With AMPLIFY API Management, we have transformed our legacy infrastructure into a nimble, hybrid cloud environment that’s ready to deliver on rising expectations.” -- Andre Wei, CTO, Groupe Chantelle
Read Success Story
Catalysts to guide you on your journey
Catalysts, powered by Axway, are an elite group of API and digital transformation experts. The team’s eight members have 180+ years of combined experience across all industries, making them uniquely qualified to offer strategic and actionable guidance that sets organizations up for near- and long-term digital success.
“Our mission is simple – to help people make good decisions.” - Brian Pagano, Global Chief Catalyst, Axway
Meet the Catalysts
Evolve your business with the latest technologies
Mesh governance
Accelerate time to market by helping companies manage the growing complexity of their microservices architectures.
Read More
AMPLIFY Streams
Reduce the costs of data sharing by 90%, reduce onboarding time of new partners from three months to three hours, and enhance the user experience with real-time streaming APIs.
Read More
Learn more about AMPLIFY API Management
Learn More
An agile API-driven platform that supports rapid change
AMPLIFY API Management is part of AMPLIFY, an enterprise integration platform that enables companies to take their existing data and processes and quickly combine them with new capabilities to enrich customer experience, accelerate continuous innovation, and simplify security and governance.
Learn more about AMPLIFY
If it's not real time, it's history
Events Driven Architecture by Axway
Learn More
The API-First Digital Government Approach
Read Blog
API Wheel of Fortune: 4 levels of APIs
Read Blog
The Role of the API Gateway
Read Blog
API Gateway
Full Lifecycle API Management
API Management Tools
API Management Tutorial
Contact
©2020 Axway, All Rights Reserved.
Copyright Menu
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Code of Ethics
Privacy Compliance Program - GDPR