https://www.inthecompanyofhuskies.com/privacy-policy/
A creative agency with deep digital DNA
Privacy Policy
Scope
All data subjects whose personal data is collected, in line with the requirements of GDPR.
Roles and Responsibilities
1. The data protection representative is responsible for ensuring that this notice is made available to data subjects prior to In the Company of Huskies Limited collecting/processing their personal data.
2. All Staff of In the Company of Huskies Limited who interact with data subjects are responsible for ensuring that this notice is drawn to the data subjects attention and their consent to the processing of their data is secured.
3. The controller of the processing is In the Company of Huskies Limited, a private limited company registered at 4th Floor, Thorncastle St., Dublin, D04 V9Y9, Ireland.
4. The only other processors are Dediserve which provides hosting services for our website, Microsoft Office 365 which provides our e-mail services, Mailchimp that provides our e-mail newsletter service and Google Analytics and HotJar which provides website traffic statistics and analysis. You can find its privacy policy for each processor at these web pages:
Hosting:
Dediserve: https://www.dediserve.com/terms-of-service
E-mail services:
Microsoft 365: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
Newsletter:
Mailchimp: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Analytics services:
Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
HotJar: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
1. Privacy notice
Who are we?
In the Company of Huskies Limited is a private limited company registered in the Republic of Ireland.
Our data protection representatives can be contacted directly here: privacy@huskiesagency.com
The personal data we would like to collect from you depending on your enquiry is:
Personal data type:
Source:
e-mail address
Data subject (you) via online form
Curriculum Vitae
Data subject (you) via e-mail
IP Address
Data subject (you) via your web browser
The personal data we collect will be used for the following purposes:
contacting you in relation to your general enquiry
contacting you in relation to your employment application
Analysis of visitor traffic to and usage of our website
Marketing or commercial purposes when you explicitly sign up to receive this material.
Our legal basis for processing for the personal data:
explicit consent expressed when completing and sending the enquiry form
explicit consent indicated when signing up for marketing communications
Legitimate interest for employment applications
Legitimate interest for website traffic analysis
The special categories of personal data concerned are:
No special categories of personal data is expressly collected unless submitted as part of a curriculum vitae.
Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified.
Consent is required for In the Company of Huskies Limited to process both types of personal data, but it must be explicitly given. Where we are asking you for sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting the Data Protection representative at In the Company of Huskies Limited (listed above).
1. Disclosure
In the Company of Huskies Limited will not disclose your information to third parties without your consent.
2. Retention period
In the Company of Huskies Limited will process personal data for the length of time it takes to process your query to a maximum of 1 (one)year.
3. Your rights as a data subject
At any point while we are in possession of or are processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that In the Company of Huskies Limited refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined below.
You can send any request regarding your rights by emailing privacy@huskiesagency.com
All of the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved (as stated in 3.3 above) in the processing of your personal data.
4. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by In the Company of Huskies Limited (or third parties as described above), or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and In the Company of Huskies Limited’s data protection representatives.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Supervisory authority contact details
Supervisory authority contact details
GDPR Owner contact details
Contact Name:
Data Protection Commissioner
In the Company of Huskies Ltd.
Address:
Canal House,
Station Road,
Portarlington,
Co. Laois,
R32 AP23
4th Floor, Portview House,
Thorncastle St.,
Dublin,
D04 V9Y9
Email:
–
privacy@huskiesagency.com
Telephone:
+353 57 868 4800
+353 1 668 1529
5. Privacy statement
Read more about how and why we use your data here:
Online privacy statement
Personal data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you how we, In the Company of Huskies Limited, will collect and use your personal data for dealing with your general enquiry or career application.
Why does In the Company of Huskies Limited need to collect and store personal data?
We collect and store personal data in order to respond to your general enquiry or process your solicited or unsolicited application for employment or when you sign-up to receive marketing communications. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
Will In the Company of Huskies Limited share my personal data with anyone else?
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to In the Company of Huskies Limited in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only for the purposes specified by us. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with In the Company of Huskies Limited’s procedures. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
How will In the Company of Huskies Limited use the personal data it collects about me?
In the Company of Huskies Limited will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. In the Company of Huskies Limited is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Does In the Company of Huskies store my information outside of the EU/EEA?
Yes, our email newsletter provider, Mailchimp, stores personal information on their servers located in the United States of America and is covered by the Privacy Shield agreement. This personal information consists of your name and e-mail.
Our web analytics provider, Google Analytics, stores IP addresses including the IP address you used to access this site on servers in the United States of America.
Under what circumstances will In the Company of Huskies Limited contact me?
We will contact you in relation to your general enquiry or your career enquiry/application. We will send you marketing communications when you explicitly consent to receive these communications.
How do you use Google Analytics on this site and can I opt-out?
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help In the Company of Huskies analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You may opt-out of tracking by Google Analytics by installing this browser extension: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For does In the Company of Huskies use Hotjar and how do I opt out?
Hotjar is a service that analyzes the online behaviour and voice of website users. They do this by combining both analysis tools and feedback tools. Hotjar gives In the Company of Huskies Limited the ‘big picture’ of how to improve the end user’s experience and performance of our website.
Hotjar may collect and process information which is automatically and passively collected, whilst You navigate through and interact with the content on our website, together with information on Your device or computer (such as cookies).
The sole purpose of passively collecting Your information is to improve Your experience when using this website.
Through the Hotjar code embedded on this website, the information collected and processed includes:
Device-specific data
The following information may be collected related to Your device and browser:
device’s IP address (captured and stored in an anonymised format);
device screen resolution;
device type (unique device identifiers), operating system, and browser type;
geographic location (country only);
preferred language used to display the Hotjar Enabled Site.
User interactions
Mouse events (movements, location and clicks)
Keypresses
Log data
For a sampling of visitors, HotJar servers automatically record information which is collected from Customer Websites and Our Site. This data includes:
referring URL and domain;
pages visited;
geographic location (country only);
preferred language used to display the webpage;
date and time when website pages were accessed.
For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Cookie Information.
You may opt-out of tracking by HotJar by visiting this link: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
In the Company of Huskies Limited at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If In the Company of Huskies Limited does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Who Targets Me? Limited or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
In the Company of Huskies Limited accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested: passport, national ID, driving licence, birth certificate.
We use cookies on this website to give a great user experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies.OkRead more