http://www.accuratealways.com/footer-pages/privacy.htm
Products
Products
Systems
Voxida 3175
Voxida 3275
Voxida 3375
Voxida Hive
Voxida Video
Software Suite
Full Time Recording
Recording on Demand
Scheduled Recording
Live Monitoring Calls
Reporting Tools
Heartbeat Alerts
Optional Modules
Advanced Archiver
Encryption
PatientTrack
CenterSecure
Telephone on Demand
Solutions
Solutions
Industry Solutions
Commercial Aviation
Customer Support
Healthcare
Finance
Public Safety
Security
Teleworkers
Additional Industries
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare Solutions
For Government
Private Sector
Pandemic Response
Government
Government
Governmental Solutions
Aerospace DVRS
Milvox Solutions
Mission Data Recorders
Core Capabilities
Reference Customers
Pandemic Response
Contact Us
Services
Services
Voxida Services
Project Management
Solution Design
Installation
Service and Support
Training Programs
Learn
Learn
Learn
Quality Assurance
Full-Time Call Recording
On Demand Recording
Recording Multiple Sites
Notification Law
Hybrid Recording Environments
Recording Interfaces
VoIP Call Recording
Station-Side PBX Recording
Trunk-Side Recording
Analog Interface Recording
Two-Way Radio Recording
Video Recording Systems
Learn About Cisco Recording
PBX Model Support
Aspect
Avaya
Cisco
Ericsson
Inter-Tel
Mitel
NEC
Nortel/Avaya Blue
Siemens
About
About
Contact Us
About Accurate Always
What We Offer
Select Customer List
Careers
Partners
News
Values and Responsibility
Statement of User Privacy and Use of Cookies
Accurate Always Inc. (“Accurate Always”) has created this website, and
additional company-held associated websites and blogs, including www.voxida.com, www.voxidau.com, www.milvox.com and others, for the purpose of conducting electronic commerce and to facilitate
secure information exchange. This website is intended to be user friendly and
is designed to assist us in meeting the needs of our business partners and
customers. In order to accomplish this goal, it is important for you, a user of
this website, to understand that we may capture certain information from you
and that we will endeavor to protect all information and data supplied to us.
This Statement of User Privacy and the Terms and Conditions of Use describe the
information collected by Accurate Always, our use of that information, and the
terms and conditions of your use of this site. We encourage you to read both of
these documents carefully before using this site. By using this website you
signify your acceptance of this privacy statement and you agree to adhere to
the terms and conditions posted on the website. If you do not agree with any of
these terms, please do not use this site or submit any personal information. If
you have any comments or questions, or there are other things we can do to
maximize the value of this site to you, please contact us via email at info@accuratealways.com
IN GENERAL
Accurate Always uses the information voluntarily given by users to enhance
users experience on the site, to provide interactive or personalized elements
on the site and to better prepare future content based on the interests of
users. Accurate Always monitors user traffic patterns to determine which areas
of the site users find useful based upon the amount of traffic to particular
areas. Accurate Always monitors user traffic patterns throughout the site
according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and date and time of access,
pages viewed, etc. In most cases, personal information is used to respond to
inquiries, allow access to specific areas of the site, or access particular
accounts or to customize the site based upon your interests.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
This site uses cookies to make your browsing experience more convenient and personal. Cookies store useful information on your computer to help us improve the efficiency and relevance of our site for you. In some cases, they are essential to making the site work properly.
A cookie is a small file that stores Internet settings. Almost every website
uses cookie technology. It is downloaded by your Internet browser on the first
visit to a website. The next time this website is opened with the same user
device, the cookie and the information stored in it is either sent back to the
website that created it (first-party cookie) or sent to another website it
belongs to (third-party cookie). This enables the website to detect that you
have opened it previously with this browser and in some cases to vary the
displayed content.
Some cookies are extremely useful, as they can improve the user experience
on opening a website that you have already visited a number of times. Provided
you use the same user device and the same browser as before, cookies remember
for example your preferences, how you use a site, and adapt the displayed
offerings to be more relevant to your personal interest and needs.
If you do not want to have cookies stored on your computer,
go into your browser settings to disallow cookie storage.
INFORMATION GATHERED
Accurate Always may gather three types of information about users: (1) data
gathered through tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views
throughout the site; (2) data that users provide when registering as a
particular individual; and (3) data that users provide when registering for
access to specific websites with Accurate Always. Once you register with Accurate
Always or have been assigned a specific identification code to access your
websites, we may request that you provide certain information. Our purpose in
collecting this information is to provide customized services and content that
are relevant to your specific needs and interests.
During site registration, we may request your name, address, postal code, email
address, and phone number. In addition to the information noted above, at other
times during your use of this site, such as when you access personal data or
information, or make a purchase, we may request more detailed and specific
information, such as financial data. Portions of this website are password
protected so that only you have access to this information, except as necessary
for Accurate Always to provide the offered services. However, please be aware
that Accurate Always, or its employees, partners or contractors, may have
access to your information to provide you with the services offered by this
site and to perform certain site or database support and maintenance tasks. We
will endeavor to protect your data and information from disclosure to any third
party, other than Accurate Always employees, partners and contractors. Although
we use available technology to retain and protect this data and information,
due to the nature of Internet communications, we cannot guarantee or warrant
that your transmission is absolutely secure. Also, we strongly recommend that
you not disclose your password to anyone.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
During certain uses of the site, you may be linked to a site or product
provided by a third party. If you submit information to Accurate Always to
access or purchase any third party’s product or services that are linked to
this website, we may need to share this information with those parties so that
they may process your request, and supply the product or services that you
ordered. Accurate Always is committed to linking with companies that share our
privacy concerns. However, we cannot and do not control the way these parties
use or collect information or operate their businesses. If you use these links,
you leave the Accurate Always site. Accurate Always has not reviewed these
unrelated third party sites and is not responsible for any of these sites,
their content or their privacy policies and practices.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Accurate Always will not provide email addresses or other customer information
to any non- Accurate Always organization or partner. Accurate Always will not
sell, rent or lease to third parties the personal information we collect online
from you. We may share personal information collected from you with third
parties for the purposes described above. Accurate Always will not otherwise
share your personal information with third parties without your consent, unless
required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected. If we
share your personal information with a third party, such party will either be
subject to Accurate Always’ policies or contractually required to provide the
same privacy protection as Accurate Always in handling your personal
information. Please note that Accurate Always will, under certain circumstances
permitted or required by law or court order, collect, use and/or disclose
personal information collected online pursuant to procedures that do not
require giving notice or providing other privacy protections (for example, in
connection with law enforcement investigations.)
SECURITY AND INTEGRITY
Accurate Always is committed to ensuring the security and integrity of your
information. We have adopted reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard the personal information you provide to us online.
These procedures protect the information against unauthorized access or
disclosure, loss or misuse, and alteration or destruction. They also help
ensure the information is accurate and used properly.
CORRECTING / CHANGING INFORMATION
Accurate Always strives to keep your personal information accurate. We provide
access to the personal information we collect online from you so that you may
review, update, amend, correct or delete it. If you choose to delete it, we
will use reasonable efforts to remove your personal information from our files.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to
verify your identity before granting you access. Please notify us by sending an
email to us at info@accuratealways.com if you wish to review, update, amend, correct or remove your information from
this site or report problems with the site. While we will assist you in
protecting your personal information, it is up to you to protect your password
and access to this site.
PERIODIC CHANGES
As Accurate Always expands and improves this site, and its related products and
services, we will endeavor to refresh this policy. We encourage you to refer to
this policy on a regular basis for updates to the policy. This policy will be
modified from time to time without prior notice to its use. Please also refer
to the Accurate Always Terms of Use for this website.
Learn about end-to-end Cisco recording
Enabling Mission Success:a Voxida case study
Manage every patient call in a personal, trackable fashion
Key Topics
Call Recording Solutions
Quality Assurance
Digital and VoIP Call Recording Software
Information for
Aviation
Contact Centers
Healthcare
Government
Telecom Interfaces
Avaya- IP and TDM
Cisco- UCM, CCX, CCE
Trunkside- T1/E1/PRI
Additional PBX
Solutions
Voxida 3175
Voxida 3275
Voxida 3375
Voxida Video
Copyright © 2003-2020 Accurate Always Inc. All Rights Reserved.AAI Site MapPrivacy NoticeTerms of Use
This site uses cookies to make your browsing experience more convenient and personal. By accessing this site you consent to the use of cookies.
I Understand