http://www.mailingmanager.co.uk/terms.php
Why Outsource?
Who we work with
Solutions for Industries:
Healthcare
Marketing
Recruitment
ECommerce
Manufacturing
Hospitality
Charities
Download our FREE
Email MarketingGuide
Free stuff
Pricing
Contact
Schedule a call
0345 468 1525
Why Outsource?
Who we work with
Healthcare Solutions
Marketing Solutions
Recruitment Solutions
Ecommerce Solutions
Manufacturing Solutions
Hospitality Solutions
Charities Solutions
Free Stuff
Pricing
Contact
Schedule a call
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE
NOTE, YOU MAY NOT USE THE MAILINGMANGER SERVICE UNLESS YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. BY USING THE MAILINGMANGER SERVICE YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
YOUR ATTENTION IS SPECIFICALLY DRAWN TO CLAUSE 11 OF
THESE TERMS WHICH CONTAINS A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY CLAUSE
DEFINITIONS
1.1 In these Terms & Conditions, the following expressions shall
have the following meanings:
"Additional Items" means any additional goods (including but
not limited to software) and / or services that are provided by the Company in
addition to the Service;
"Anti-Spam Policy" means the Company's anti-spam policy as set
out on its website www.mailingmanager.co.uk and as amended from time to
time;
“Annual Purchase” means where the Customer pays a fixed sum to send a
fixed number of Emails within a 12 month period commencing on the date of the
Contract. In such circumstances the Customer will be given the corresponding
number of Email "credits" to be used during such 12 month period.
"the Company" means I H M Limited of 15/16 Moulton Park Office
Village, Northampton, NN3 6AP, United Kingdom (Company Number: 03941097, VAT
Number: 716327933) trading as "Mailing Manager" and reference to the
consent authority or agreement of the Company means consent authority or
agreement in writing signed by a director of the Company;
"Contract" means the order placed by the Customer with the
Company on these terms and conditions, and any other document or documents
agreed by the Company to be incorporated in a Contract between the Company and
the Customer including but not limited the Anti-Spam policy which shall be
deemed incorporated into each and every Contract;
"Content" means as defined in clause 4.12.2;
"the Customer" means the person firm or company who uses the
Service and includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any Resellers of the Service;
“the Data Protection Legislation” means all applicable laws and
regulations relating to the processing of personal data and privacy including the
Data Protection Act 1998, the General Data Protection Regulation 2016, the
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 and any and all
replacement, subsequent, implementing or additional legislation as amended from
time to time
"the due date" means the first day of each month;
"Email" means any electronic mail sent using the Company's
software, servers and/or system, or using any Third Party Platform, from time
to time, by the Company on behalf of the Customer pursuant to the Service, the
Content of which is to be provided by the Customer to the Company or, where the
Services include Managed Mailing Services expressly approved by the Customer;
"Free Account" means where the Customer is given free access
to any part of the Service and an account is set up for that Customer without
charge;
"ISPs" means internet service providers being organisations
that provide access to the internet
"List" means as defined in clause 4.12.1;
“LogIns” the Customer’s log in
details for access to any Third Party Platform required for the provision of
the Services;
“MailingManager” means the Company’s email
service platform known as MailingManager;
“Managed Mailing Services” means
the service of managing an email campaign on behalf of the Customer as further
detailed in clause 2.3 below.
"Monthly Email Credit Package" means the purchase of a package
of a fixed number of emails on a monthly or month by month basis;
"One-Off Purchase means either where:
a) the Customer pays a fixed sum to send a fixed
number of Emails within 30 days of the date of the Contract. In such
circumstances the Customer will be given the corresponding number of Email
"credits" to be used during such 30 day period; or
b) the Customer pays a fixed sum for
a specific identified email campaign to be provided as a Managed Mailing
Service.
"Recipient" means any person who the Customer intends receive
an Email to be sent pursuant to the Service;
"Reseller" means any person who purchases the Service with the
intention of selling it one to one or more third parties.
"the Service" means the Company's email marketing service,
using the Company's software and monitoring systems through Mailing Manager and
any Additional Items that the Customer has ordered from the Company, and the
Company has agreed in writing to supply and including such changes, edits and
enhancements as the Company shall introduce from time to time;
"the service fees" means the fees agreed between the Company
and the Customer for the provision of the Service by the Company pursuant to
the Contract;
"Term" has the meaning ascribed to it in clause 6.1;
"Third Party Purchaser" means any third party purchasing the
Service through a Reseller;
“Third Party Platform” means
any email marketing platform operated by a third party including, but not
limited to, Mailchimp, ActiveCampaign, Constant Contact, sendinblue and
Campaign Monitor.
"Transgression" shall mean any breach of contract, tort or
other act of default, omission or statement of the Company its employees,
agents or subcontractors in respect of which the Company is liable to the
Customer;
"Mailing Manager" means the Customer's personal email
marketing account on the Company's mailing manager service;
"Unlawful" means as defined in clause 4.2.
1.2 Terms defined in the Company's
order form (or previously agreed in other applicable documents, which forms
part of the Contract) have the same meanings in these terms and conditions.
2. THE
SERVICES
2.1 The Company shall provide the Service, to the Customer pursuant to
these terms and conditions and the Service shall continue to be supplied,
unless the Contract is terminated in accordance with these terms and
conditions. No additions or modifications to or terms inconsistent with these
terms and conditions shall be binding unless agreed in writing by the Company.
In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and any
other document forming part of the Contract, these terms and conditions shall
prevail unless expressly referred to and varied with the written consent of the
Company. The Contract is not intended to create a partnership or agency
relationship between the Company and the Customer.
2.2 Unless
the Company has agreed to provide Managed Mailing Services the Service will
comprise of access to and use of MailingManager only in accordance with these
Terms.
2.3 Where
the Company has agreed to provide Managed Mailing Services, unless expressly
stated otherwise the Customer hereby grants the Company the right to:
establish accounts for the Customer and in the
Customer’s name with Third Party Providers,
access the Customer’s accounts with Third Party
Providers, and
to build email campaigns and send emails on the
Customer’s behalf whether through MailingManager or any Third Party Platform
in accordance with the
Customer’s instructions, these terms and the agreed scope of the Managed
Mailing Service.
2.4 Nothing in these terms and
conditions shall act to restrict the Company’s ability to make alterations to
the Service by way of the removal or addition of features to the Service during
the term of the Contract as the Company shall in its sole discretion determine
are desirable.
2.5 The Company will process
information about the Customer in accordance with the Company's Privacy Policy,
from time to time, contained at www.mailingmanager.co.uk and by requesting the
Service the Customer acknowledges that it has read the Privacy Policy and that
it agrees to adhere to it. Where Managed Mailing Services are to be provided
the Customer acknowledges that the privacy policies applicable to those Third
Party Platforms will also apply and hereby confirms that it has read and
understood all such privacy policies (or equivalent) applicable to the use of
the Third Party Platforms.
2.6 The Company will process
personal data provided by the Customer about the Recipients, comprising of
names, email addresses and other contact information ("the Recipient
Information") in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection
Legislation. For the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation the Customer
is the Data Controller in respect of all Recipient Information. The Company
acts only as a Data Processor (as defined by the Data Protection Legislation)
in respect of the Recipient Information. The Company shall process the
Recipient Information solely for the purpose of providing the Service,
including the maintenance, management and improvement of the Service, and as
instructed by the Customer in writing. The Company shall, and will ensure that
all persons it authorises to process the personal data shall, keep the
Recipient Information confidential and shall not, without the Customers express
prior consent, divulge any Recipient Information to any third party, other than
any third party suppliers, web hosts and developers engaged by the Company for
the purpose of the maintenance, management and improvement of the Service, who
the Company is hereby authorised to engage, and then only on a strictly
confidential basis and on terms which require such third parties to equally
comply with the Data Protection Legislation and respect the provisions of
Article 28 of General Data Protection Regulation 2016. The Company will use all
reasonable endeavours to keep the Recipient Information safe from unauthorised
or unlawful processing or accidental loss and shall put in place appropriate
technical and organisational measures to ensure compliance with the Data
Protection Legislation including to ensure the security of processing, to
assist you in responding to requests from Recipient’s in relation to their data
subject rights as laid down by the Data Protection Legislation and to assist
you in complying with Articles 32 to 36 of the General Data Protection
Regulation 2016. In accordance with clause 8.7.3 the Company shall retain the
Recipient Information in accordance with its Data Retention Policy which can be viewed
here and
shall delete or return to you the Recipient Information once you no longer
require the Services or at your earlier request unless required by law to
retain it and shall make available to you all information necessary to show the
Company’s compliance with this clause including the requirements of Article 28
of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 and shall allow for and
contribute to any audits or inspections which the Customer or any audit or
appointed by the Customer wishes to make. The Company shall immediately notify
the Customer if, in its opinion, any of the instructions which the Customer
provides breach the Data Protection Legislation.
2.7 The delivery or receipt of
Emails to any Recipient cannot be guaranteed and is dependent upon complete,
full and accurate Lists and LogIns from the Customer (including but not limited
to, up to date email addresses), upon suitable internet availability or
connectivity by the Recipient and on various anti-spam and junk mail policies
adopted by the Recipient or ISPs. Whilst the Company will provide the Service
in accordance with the terms of the Contract, the Company makes no
representations or warranties whatsoever about the speed or proportion of
Emails sent that will be delivered.
2.8 It is the Customer's obligation
and responsibility to check, and where Managed Mailing Services are to be
provided, approve all Emails (and send test Emails) prior to sending Emails to
Recipients to ensure that the Content is correct, displayed accurately and to
ensure that all links within such Content operate correctly. The Company shall
have no liability whatsoever for any errors in any Emails.
2.9 The sending of any Email or any
other content created using or pursuant to the  provision of
the Services by any alternative means is strictly prohibited.
2.10 The Company may, at its sole
discretion and upon notifying the Customer in writing, assign transfer,
sub-contract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights under
the Contract or any part thereof to a third party.
2.11 The Company may, from time to
time and without notice, make changes to the Service which are necessary to
comply with any applicable law or industry standards, or which do not
materially affect the nature of the Service or the service fees.
2.12 There is no obligation upon the
Company to provide trial period accounts, Free Accounts, paid Service accounts
or second accounts.
2.13 There is no obligation (upon
either the Customer or the Company) to extend any Free Account period into a
paid Service account.
2.14 The Customer acknowledges that
if, during the Contract, it deletes any data in its Mailing Manager (including,
but not limited to, Lists and Content), the Company is not able to recover or
restore such data.
3.
COMPANY RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
3.1 The Company shall provide the Services to the Customer with
reasonable skill and care and in a professional manner. All warranties,
conditions and other terms implied by statute or common law are excluded to the
fullest extent permitted by law from the Contract and terms and conditions.
3.2 Where the Services comprise
of access to and use of MailingManager only:
3.2.1 The Company shall provide
technical support during office hours Monday - Friday 9am - 5.30pm. We do not
provide any customer facing support out of these hours, including releasing
pending campaigns. The Company shall use reasonable endeavours to respond to
the Customer's notification of interruptions or other problems with the Service
and to rectify any problems with reasonable diligence and within a reasonable
timescale.
3.2.2 The Company shall use all
reasonable endeavours to ensure that access to the Service will be available at
an uptime level of 95%. For the avoidance of doubt, the uptime availability
level does not include downtime attributable to:
(i)  hardware or telecommunications failures;
(ii) interruptions to the flow of data to or from the internet,
(iii) changes, updates or repairs to
the network or software which the Company uses as a platform to provide the
Service,
(iv) the effects of the failure or interruption of the Service provided
by third parties;
(v) factors outside of the Company's
reasonable control;
(vi) the Customer's actions or omissions (including without limitation,
breach of the Customer's obligations set out in the Contract) or those of any
third parties (including but not limited to breaks in the continuity of the
electricity supply or of the telecommunications linked to the Company's
server);
(vii) interruptions to the Service resulting from any request by the
Customer; and
(viii) interruptions to the Service resulting from any third party
security breach and/or hacking or other malicious action.
3.2.3 If the Service is suspended or
interrupted the Company shall use reasonable endeavours to restore the Service
within a reasonable time period.
3.3 Where the Services to be
provided are Managed Mailing Services:
3.3.1 The Company will take all
reasonable measures to ensure the security of the Customer’s LogIns and other
account details relating to its accounts with Third Party Providers but cannot
and shall not be responsible third parties gaining access to such account
details or LogIns;
3.3.2 Where the Company reasonably
believes that any instruction or suggested course of action of the Customer
would be in breach of any Third Party Platform terms and conditions it shall
notify the Customer of the same and shall have no obligation to perform any
such instruction.
3.3.3 The Company shall not be liable
for and gives no warranty as to, the effectiveness or otherwise of any services
provided as part of the Managed Mailing Services including but not limited to
any email campaign or Emails sent.
3.4 The Service is an email
marketing solution that should be used for 'opt in' email marketing only (for
the avoidance of doubt, the term 'opt in' shall mean where the Recipient of the
Email has freely given their specific, informed and unambiguous consent to
receiving any Email (“Informed Consent”)). The Customer warrants it has the
Informed Consent of each Recipient to the receipt of any Email.
3.5 The Customer shall not use the
Service for the purposes of 'SPAM', junk mail, unsolicited or unauthorised advertising.
3.6 If the
Company in its sole discretion believes that:
3.6.1 the Service is being used for
SPAM, junk mail, unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, or
3.6.2 the Customer is breaching these
terms and conditions in any other way, then the Company may decide (in its sole
discretion) to suspend or terminate the Service and no refund of any service
fee or other payments to the Company will be made.
3.7 The Customer agrees to comply
with the Company's Anti-Spam policy, as published on the Company's website,
from time to time.
3.8 The Company has the right, at
its sole discretion, to remove the details of any Recipient from the List
supplied by the Customer (pursuant to clause 4.12.1 below), for whatever reason
(including, but not limited to, if the Company should receive any complaint
from a Recipient in respect of any Email received by them or any request from
any Recipient to have their personal data erased or deleted). If the Company
receives notification from a Recipient that the Recipient Information requires
updating the Company shall promptly notify the Customer of the same and the
Customer shall, without delay arrange for that Recipient Information to be
updated.
3.9 The Company has the right to
monitor the Customer's use of the Service including but not limited to the
Customer's bounce back, unsubscribe and complaint rates. Should the Company, in
its sole discretion, consider the Customer's bounce back, unsubscribe and/or
complaint rates to be excessive or abnormal the Company may instigate a manual
review of the Customer's use of the Service and the Customer's account may be
locked or suspended during any such review.
3.10 If the Company states that a
backup service is included, the Company will make reasonable efforts to protect
and backup data for the Customer, at least once every 7 days. The Company will
not be liable for any lost, corrupted or destroyed data as a result of any
suspension or interruption to the Service caused by the Company providing such
backup service or caused by the failure for whatever reason of any such backup
service.
3.11 The Company does not guarantee
the accuracy or regularity of the backup service. The Customer is also
responsible for taking their own backups in connection with the Customer's use
of the Service and the Customer is solely responsible for an independent backup
of data stored on the Company's or any third party providers' server and
network. The retrieving of back up files by the Company may be charged as an
Additional Item.
4.
CUSTOMERS OBLIGATIONS
4.1 Where the Services comprise of the access to and use of Mailing
Manager the Customer shall ensure that, and where the Services comprise of
Managed Mailing Services acknowledges that, each Email:
4.1.1 includes a clear statement
identifying the Customer or the person on whose behalf the Email is sent;
4.1.2 includes a valid email address at which the Recipient can contact
the Customer (or the person on whose behalf the Email is sent) if they wish to
opt out of receiving Emails or request that they are not contacted (such means
for opting out should be simple) together with the sender's full, verifiable,
legitimate postal address;
4.1.3 is lawful in the jurisdiction of the Recipient; and
4.1.4 is less than 2mb in size including attachments.
4.2 The Customer undertakes and
warrants that the Service shall not be used directly or indirectly for any
Unlawful purpose and that any Content it provides shall not be Unlawful. For
the purpose of this Contract, the term "Unlawful" means in breach of
any applicable law, regulations or codes of practice in force, from time to
time, in any jurisdiction and shall include but is not limited to: -
4.2.1 civil and criminal offences of
copyright and trademark infringement;
4.2.2 transmission or display or posting of abusive, indecent, obscene
or pornographic material;
4.2.3 commission of any criminal offence (including deliberate
transmission of computer viruses) including, but not limited to, pursuant to
the Computer Misuse Act 1990 or similar legislation in any country;
4.2.4 any transmission or display or posting of any material which is
defamatory, libellous, offensive, abusive, or menacing character or which
causes annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any other person;
4.2.5 transmission or display or posting of any material in breach of
the Data Protection Legislation or of any material which is confidential or is
a trade secret;
4.2.6 use of the service in any manner which is a violation or
infringement of the rights of any individual, firm or company within the United
Kingdom and elsewhere;
4.2.7 the use of the service for purposes generally deemed to be
unacceptable, including spamming, hacking, phreaking, password cracking,
pirated software, ROMS, emulators, or IP spoofing or providing
"links" or "how to" information to such material; and
4.2.8 use of the Service to send an Email to any Recipient to which the
Recipient has not given Informed Consent (unless authorised by any applicable
law or legislation); and
4.2.9 misleading or a misrepresentation
4.3 The Customer undertakes not to
host images or files on the Company's servers save as required for the proper
performance of the Services.
4.4 The Customer accepts that it is
the Data Controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation in
respect of any personal data in relation to any Recipient that the Company
processes in the course of providing the Service. It is the Customer's
obligation to ensure that Informed Consent has been provided to the use of the
personal data by the Recipient and as such the Company is not liable or responsible
for the accuracy or use of such personal data.
4.5 The Customer warrants, represents
and undertakes that the Company's processing of any Customer's personal data in
accordance with the Contract and its instructions under it will not infringe or
breach any rights of any data subject or be other than in accordance with the
Data Protection Legislation.
4.6 The Company does not accept and
shall have no responsibility, or liability, for the Recipient's personal data
or the Content of the Emails sent using the Service or for sending them to
Recipients in accordance with the terms of the Contract and the Customer will
indemnify the Company against all and any damages, claims, expenses, losses,
fines and costs that the Company may incur as a result of any breach of clause
4.1 to 4.5 above.
4.7 The Customer hereby undertakes
not to include in any distribution lists or other data uploaded for use with
the Service any (i) ‘Special Category’ data as defined by Article 9(1) of the
GDPR; (ii) any bank account, credit or debit card information; (iii) any
national insurance numbers or other social security data; or(iv) any criminal
conviction or offence data. The Company can in no way be held responsible for
the presence of such data on its platform or servers. The Customer will
indemnify the Company against all and any damages, claims, expenses, losses,
fines and costs that the Company may incur as a result of any breach of this
clause 4.7.
4.8: The Customer will ensure that
that any Content supplied to the Company complies with all applicable laws,
regulations and requirements, in place from time to time, of any country from
which it can be accessed and the Customer will indemnify the Company against
all and any damages, claims, expenses, losses and costs that the Company may
incur as a result of any breach of this clause 4.8 by the Customer.
4.9 The Company reserves the right
to monitor any and all communications passing through the Company's servers in
connection with the Service, at all times.
4.10 If the Service is used for any
Unlawful use the Company may suspend or terminate the Service immediately and
at the same time as suspension or termination occurs the Company shall, if it
is lawful to do so, notify the Customer.
4.11 The Customer shall comply with
the Company's policies which are in place from time to time in respect of the
Service. The Customer further agrees to keep its password and other access
details for use with the Service confidential and restricted to those members
of staff who need to know such details and shall ensure all such staff are
aware of the confidential nature of such information. The Customer is solely
responsible for all activities that occur under the Customer's password or
Mailing Manager account. The Customer shall notify the Company without undue
delay if the Customer believes that its password and other access details for
use with the Service is no longer secret.
4.12 The Customer agrees to undertake
the following, from time to time, in relation to the Service:
4.12.1 to supply, in a timely manner,
the Company with full and accurate details (including but not limited to, names
and email addresses) of all Recipients of the Emails (the "List");
4.12.2 to supply, or where Managed Mailing Services are to be provided
approve, in a timely manner, the content, images, designs and any other
information the Customer reasonably requires to be sent by the Company in the
Emails (the "Content"); and
4.12.3 to instruct, or where Managed Mailing Services are to be provided
agree with, the Company as to when the Emails are to be sent to the Recipients.
4.13 Any date given by the Company to
the Customer in respect of the Service and in particular the sending of Emails
to Recipients shall be conditional upon the Company receiving from the Customer
the List, Content or, in relation to Managed Mail Services, Content approval and
any other information for any Emails in a final form from the Customer, within
any timescales specified by the Company (from time to time) and any delay in
the Customer providing such List, Content, approval and/or any other
information will result in the Company receiving an equivalent extension of
time to estimated dates given for sending such Emails.
4.14 Where the Customer submits the
Content to the Company pursuant to clause 4.12.2, the Customer:
4.14.1 warrants that: (i) such Content
is the Customers own original work or that of its licensors; (ii) the Customer
has the right to make the Content available to the Company for the purpose of
the Service; and (iii) the Content is and will continue to remain accurate,
comprehensive and up-to-date and is not Unlawful;
4.14.2 indemnifies the Company against all legal fees, damages, claims
and other expenses that may be incurred by the Company as a result of the
Customer breaching clause 4.14.1;
4.14.3 agrees to waive any moral rights in the Content (or warrants that
its licensor has waived its moral rights) for the purposes of its submission to
Recipients as an Email; and
4.14.4 acknowledges and agrees that such Content may be copied or
downloaded by any Recipients.
4.15 Where the Customer submits
Content to the Company (including without limitation any text, graphics, video
or audio) the Customer is required by such submission to grant to the Company a
perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to
use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect
to any such work worldwide.
4.16 Where the Company is providing
Managed Mailing Services which include the creation of Emails and campaigns on
behalf of the Customer, the Customer acknowledges that all intellectual
property rights in any materials created by the Company (including without
limitation any text, graphics, video or audio), vest in the Company. The
Company hereby grants to the Customer a royalty free licence to use all
copyright in such works worldwide for the purpose of the campaign which is the
subject of the Managed Mailing Services.
4.17 The Customer accepts that it is
responsible for dealing with and responding appropriately to any complaints of
whatever nature made by any Recipient to the Company and the Company does not
accept and shall have no responsibility, or liability, for any such complaints
made.
4.18 The Customer accepts that if the
Company receives a complaint about any Emails sent using the Service from a
Recipient and the Customer has failed to comply with the provisions of clause
4.1.1 and 4.1.2, the Company reserves the right, without liability to the
Customer, to disclose the Customer's details (e.g. its name and contact
details) to the Recipient
4.19 The Customer accepts that
Customer usage of Mailing Manager, the Service or their account shall act as
acceptance of the Company's terms and conditions and Anti-Spam policy.
4.20 The Customer warrants,
represents and undertakes that it will not delete, bulk unsubscribe or modify
its Mailing Manager account or any account with any Third Party Provider other
than in accordance with honest commercial practices and not for the sole
purpose of avoiding any billing threshold agreed with the Company.
4.21 Where the Services to be provided include or
comprise of Managed Mailing Services:
4.21.1 The Customer hereby agrees to promptly provide the
Company with any and all LogIns to pre-existing Third Party Platform accounts
which are required by the Company to perform the Services;
4.21.2 Furthermore, the Customer hereby expressly
authorises and permits the Company to create (where necessary), access and
manage the Customer’s accounts with Third Party Platform Providers including
adding to, deleting or editing the data within those accounts;
4.21.3 The Customer shall engage with the Company in
relation to the Services and shall provide prompt responses to all requests and
queries raised by the Company in relation to the provision of the Managed
Mailing Services or any particular email campaign. The Customer shall be
responsible for checking and providing final approval for all Emails and email
campaigns and the Company shall have no liability whatsoever to the Customer
for any errors, mistakes or omissions in any such Emails or email campaigns.
4.21.4 The Customer shall provide the Company with the
List of intended Email recipients as well as clear instructions for any email
campaign to be conducted pursuant to the Managed Mailing Services.
4.21.5 Whilst the Company shall use its reasonable
endeavours to meet any deadlines and/or timeframes agreed with the Customer in
relation to the Managed Mailing Services it is accepted and agreed that all
such deadlines or timeframes are estimates only and that time is not of the
essence for the provision of the Managed Mailing Services.
4.21.6 The Customer hereby undertakes to comply at all
times with the terms and conditions of any Third Party Platform which it
requests the Company to access on its behalf as part of the Managed Mailing
Services and shall not request or instruct the Company to carry out any actions
which would be in breach of such policies. Furthermore, the Customer hereby
indemnifies the Company against any and all liabilities, costs, expenses,
damages and losses (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or
consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest,
penalties, fines and legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis) and all
other reasonable professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by the
Company arising as a result of the use of a Third Party Platform as part of the
Managed Mailing Services;
5.
RESELLERS
5.1 Where the Customer acts as a Reseller of Services relating to the
access and use of MailingManager:
5.1.1 the terms of the Contract shall
apply in full to the Customer, including but not limited to these terms and
conditions and the Anti-Spam Policy;
5.1.2 the Customer warrants and undertakes that it has, or will before
reselling any of the Services, enter into a contract with all Third Party
Purchasers on terms no less onerous than the Contract;
5.1.3 the Customer acknowledges that it bears all responsibility for the
actions and conduct of its Third Party Purchasers and hereby indemnifies the
Company against all and any damages, claims, expenses, losses, fines and/or
costs that the Company may incur as a result of the acts or omissions of any
Third Party Purchaser;
5.1.4 the Customer agrees to terminate forthwith its contract with any
Third Party Purchaser who acts in breach of these terms and conditions and/or
the Anti-Spam Policy and hereby grants the Company an irrevocable right to
prohibit, restrict or limit any such third party's access to the Service; and
5.1.5 notwithstanding clause 5.1.4 above, the Customer acknowledges that
should any of its Third Party Purchasers act in breach of the Contract, the
Company shall consider that to be a breach by the Customer and the Company's
rights under the Contract will apply as if it were the Customer who had carried
out the breach.
5.2 Where the Customer acts as a
Reseller:
5.2.1 The Customer warrants that it,
and its Customers, will comply with all Data Protection Legislation, including
but not limited to their obligation to keep personal data for only so long as
is necessary for the purpose for which it is processed and that the Customer
will remove all unused or cancelled accounts within 60 days of the last use or
notification of cancellation;
5.2.2 The Customer shall indemnify and keep the Company indemnified from
and against the all claims, liabilities, costs, expenses, damages, losses
(including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses,
loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties, fines and legal
costs) suffered or incurred by the Company as a result of the Customer’s breach
of clause 5.2.1 above.
6. TERM
AND PRICE
6.1 Except for where, the Customer makes a One-Off Purchase, accesses
the Service by way of a Free Account, all Customers shall be subject to a
minimum Contract term of 3 months (the "Minimum Term") (or as
otherwise previously specified in the Company's order form or any other
applicable documents which forms part of the Contract) and, subject to clause
8.1, thereafter the Contract will continue until and unless either party
terminates the Contract in accordance with their respective obligations in
clauses 8.1 and 8.2.
6.2 Where the Customer purchases a
Monthly Email Credit Package, any credits which remain unused 30 days after the
date of purchase shall be lost and no refund shall be payable by the Company.
6.3 Where the Customer makes a
One-Off Purchase comprising of email credits only, the Contract shall remain in
force for a period of 30 days only at which point it shall automatically
terminate. Upon termination of any such Contract relating to a One-Off Purchase
any unused Email credits shall be lost and no refund shall be payable by the
Company. Where the Customer makes a One-Off Purchase relating to any Managed
Mailing Services the Contract shall remain in force until the agreed upon
Managed Mailing Services have been provided.
6.4 Where the Customer makes:
a) a One-Off Purchase comprising of or containing email credits, but fails to
send the fixed number of Emails within the 30 day period, any unused Emails
will expire automatically and will not be transferred to any subsequent One-Off
Purchase;
b) an Annual Purchase, but fails to send the fixed number of emails within the
12 month period, any unused Emails will expire automatically and shall not be
transferred to any subsequent Annual Purchase.
In either case, no refund shall be payable by the company.
6.5 The service fee for the Service
shall remain in force for the duration of the Minimum Term. Thereafter the
Company reserves the right, at the Company's sole discretion, to increase the
service fee after providing the Customer with one month's written notice of the
fee's increase, from time to time.
6.6 Save
where the Customer has made a One-Off Purchase, the Customer shall pay the service fee by standing
order or credit card payment on the due date as set out in writing by the
Company from time to time. If the Customer fails to set up or cancels its
standing order mandate then the Company reserves the right to charge an
administration fee. Where the Customer has made a One-Off Purchase the Customer
shall pay the service fee within 14 days of the date of the invoice.
6.7 Where the Customer supplies the
Company with details of the Customer's credit card and no standing order has
been set up, the Customer agrees that the Company will charge the credit card
for payment of the service fee on the due date. If the Customer objects to the
service fee, the Customer should inform the Company upon receipt of the invoice
prior to the due date.
6.8 Time for payment shall be of the
essence for the Contract. The Company reserves the right to suspend the Service
or terminate the Contract and Service immediately if the service fee is not
received within 7 days of the due date. Any amounts due up to the point of
suspension or termination will remain due and payable as if no suspension or
termination had occurred.
6.9 Any Additional Items must be paid
for within 14 days of the date of the invoice.
6.10 If all or part of the price or
service fee for the Contract or any Additional Items remain unpaid after the
due date the Company shall be entitled to charge interest on any unpaid balance
at 4% above Barclays Bank plc lending base rate for the time being, such
interest being paid in full together with the unpaid balance.
6.11 Unless otherwise expressly stated
by the Company, all prices or service fee given by the Company to the Customer
pursuant to the Contract shall be exclusive of VAT.
7. FREE
ACCOUNTS
7.1 Where the Customer is offered access to MailingManager as part of the
Service by way of a Free Account such Free Account shall be entirely at the
discretion of the Company.
7.2 The Free Account may be
terminated by either party at any time without notice.
7.3 Where any Free Account is
terminated by the Company in accordance with clause 7.2 above the Company shall
be under no obligation to provide any reason for terminating the account.
7.4 The Customer accepts that the
Service provided by way of any Free Account may be limited by the Company as it
sees fit in its sole discretion.
7.5 These Terms and Conditions and
the Anti-Spam Policy shall apply to any Free Account as they would to any other
account or use of the Service.
8.
TERMINATION
8.1 The Company shall be entitled to terminate the Contract forthwith
and recover all losses or damage resulting to the Company (including but
without limitation to loss of profit or other consequential loss) if:
8.1.1 the Customer has a bankruptcy
petition presented against him, or a bankruptcy order is made, if the Customer
makes or seeks to make any composition or arrangement with his or its
creditors, if the Customer makes a proposal to his creditors for a voluntary
arrangement or applies for an interim order, if an encumbrancer takes
possession of any of the Customer's assets, or any of the Customer's assets are
taken in execution or process of law, if a petition is presented or an order is
made or a resolution is passed for the winding up of the Customer, if a
petition is presented or an order is made for an administration order to be
made in relation to the Customer, or if a receiver or administrative receiver
is appointed over any of the Customer's assets (or any analogous event occurs
to the Customer in its jurisdiction); or
8.1.2 the Customer fails to make any payment owed to the Company on the
due date as specified in clause 6;
8.1.3 the Customer is in breach of any contract with the Company (including
this Contract) or any Third Party Provider and fails to remedy the same within
seven working days of written notice requiring the same or immediately if the
breach shall be not be capable of remedy;
8.1.4 the Customer acts in breach of the Company's Anti-Spam Policy;
8.1.5 the Company receives any complaints about SPAM resulting from the
Customer's activity or instructions which the Company's, in its sole
discretion, determines to be sufficiently serious to warrant termination;
8.1.6 the Customer acts in breach of the Data Protection Legislation;
8.1.7 The Customer accepts and
acknowledges that the Company is entitled to monitor the Customer's use of the
Service including but not limited to its bounce back and unsubscribe rates and
that if the Company, in its sole discretion, considers such rates to become
excessive or abnormal.
8.2 In the event that the Customer
wishes to cancel the Contract the Customer shall submit a cancellation request
quoting the support ID to support@mailingmanager.co.uk giving the Company no
less than 30 days’ notice of such cancellation.
8.3 The Customer will, and shall
remain liable to, pay the service fees where the Customer removes their credit
card details from their account and no cancellation request has been submitted
until such cancellation request has been submitted and the notice period
expired.
8.4 The Company is not liable for
any refunds to Customers who fail to cancel their account in accordance with
the Company's cancellation request procedure set out in clause 8.2,
irrespective of a Customers' usage of the Service during this period.
8.5 The Company shall be entitled to
terminate the Contract at any time, without reason and without any liability to
the Customer, upon one months' written notice to the Customer.
8.6 Termination shall be without
prejudice to the rights of any party accrued at the date of such termination.
8.7 Upon termination:
8.7.1 subject to clause 8.7.3, the
account may be deleted from the Company's server, unless agreed otherwise by
the parties
8.7.2 all service fees shall immediately become due and payable to the
Company;
8.7.3 at the Customer’s election the Company shall delete or return all
data (including the Lists) to the Customer (unless legally obliged to retain
the same). The Company shall, for a period of 30 days from the date of
termination, permit the Customer access to its account for the purpose only of
downloading any data which it contains should the Customer elect to seek the
return of that data. At the expiry of this 30-day period the Customer shall be
deemed to have elected for any data remaining in its account to be deleted and
permanently erased from the Company’s systems and no records of the same shall
be retained by the Company other than in accordance with the Company’s Data
Retention Policy which can be which can be viewed
here; and
8.7.4 The Company shall
cease access to or the use of the Customer’s LogIns or accounts with any Third
Party Providers.
8.8 The Customer accepts that, as a
result of clause 8.7.1, following termination of the Contract, the Customer's
account details and any Lists, Content or other data input by or created for the
Customer cannot be restored.
9.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
9.1 Copyright in all software that is supplied or utilised by the
Company remains the property of the Company or that of its licensor.
9.2 All intellectual property rights
in this website and any content which it contains, including but not limited
to, any blog which the Company may produce from time to time (“the Website
Content”) are the property of the Company. The Customer is not permitted to
copy, reproduce or make use of the Website Content or any of it without the
express prior written approval of the Company.
9.3 The Customer shall indemnify and
keep the Company indemnified from and against the consequences of the Company
suffering any claims of infringements of copyrights, patents, trademarks,
industrial designs, database rights or other property rights arising from the
provision of the Service.
9.4 In the event that any such
infringement occurs or may occur, the Customer may request the Company to
modify and / or amend the account content, email campaign or content, or any infringing
part thereof so that the same becomes non-infringing and if the Company agrees
to modify and / or amend the account content or email campaign or content the
Company shall be entitled to charge for the additional cost for making the
modifications and /or amendments which shall be chargeable at the Company's
then current hourly rate.
9.5 The Customer warrants that it has obtained (and for future use, will
obtain) all necessary consents, approvals and licences from any third party who
has intellectual property rights incorporated as part of the Email, whether now
or in the future.
10.
PERFORMANCE AND FORCE MAJEURE
10.1 The Company shall take all reasonable steps to perform its
obligations under the Contract. The Company shall not be liable for suspension
or interruptions to the Service which shall not entitle the Customer to rescind
the Contract, subject to clause 3.2.3.
10.2 Without prejudice to the
generality of clause 10.1, the Company shall have no liability for any delay or
default in performance of any obligation caused directly or indirectly by
breakdown or unavailability of computer hardware, software, or parts thereof,
viruses, hackers, errors, interruptions, bugs, telecoms connections or power
supply or any other cause or causes beyond the Company's control (including but
not limited to as result of any act or omission of its agents, subcontractors,
consultants or Third Party Providers).
11. LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY
11.1 Nothing in these terms and conditions shall limit or exclude the
Company’s liability for:
11.1.1 death or personal injury caused by its negligence,
or the negligence of its employees, agents or subcontractors;
11.1.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
11.1.3 breach of the terms implied by section 2 of the
Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (title and quiet possession); or
11.1.4 any other liability which cannot be excluded or
limited under applicable law.
11.2 Subject to clause 11.1 the Company shall under no
circumstances whatsoever be liable to the Customer, whether in contract, tort
(including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, for any loss of
revenue, loss of actual or anticipated profits, loss of contracts, loss of the
use of money, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business, loss of
opportunity, loss of goodwill, loss of reputation, loss of, damage to or
corruption of data or software, or any indirect or consequential loss, damages,
charges or expenses arising under or in connection with the Contract whatsoever
or howsoever caused including, without limitation, any losses:
11.2.1 arising out of or in connection with any misuse of
data by an unauthorised third party;
11.2.2 resulting from any third party data, website or systems
hack;
11.2.3 resulting from any unauthorised server access;
11.2.4 resulting from the actions or inactions of any Third
Party Platform provider; or
11.2.5 resulting from account termination of any Third
Party Platform account for non-compliance.
11.3 To the extent that the Company
is held legally liable to the Customer for any single Transgression, the
Company's liability for the same shall not exceed:
11.3.1 in respect of a Contract for a
One-Off Purchase, the value of the Contract;
11.3.2 in respect of any other Contract, the amount paid by the Customer
in the 12 months immediately preceding the date of the applicable Transgression;
or
11.3.3 in respect of any Free Account where the Customer
makes no payment to the Company £0.
11.4 A number of Transgressions
whether successive or concurrent, which together result in or contribute to
substantially the same loss or damage shall be treated as a single
Transgression for the purposes of clause 11.3.
11.5 The Customer acknowledges and
agrees not bring any claim in connection with the Services against an
individual employed or engaged by the Company.
11.6 This clause 11 shall survive
termination of the Contract.
12.
NON-SOLICITATION OF STAFF
12.1 The Customer undertakes that it shall not during the Contract and
for a period of one-year following its expiry or termination employ or contract
the services of any person who is or was employed or engaged by the Company in
connection with the Contract.
13.
WAIVER
13.1 Failure or neglect by the Company to enforce at any time any of the
provisions hereof shall not be construed nor shall be deemed to be a waiver of
the Company's rights hereunder nor in any way affect the validity of the whole
or any part of the Contract nor prejudice the Company's rights to take
subsequent action.
14.
NOTICES
14.1 Any notice required under the Contract shall be deemed served if
sent by registered or recorded delivery post or by facsimile or e-mail
addressed to the party for whom it is intended at such party's registered or
main office or last known address and shall be deemed to have been served 48
hours after the date of posting or 12 hours after the time of transmission if
by facsimile or e-mail.
14.2 The Company can be contacted by
email at info@mailingmanager.co.uk.
15. LEGAL
CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION AND LIMITS OF THE CONTRACT
15.1 The Contract shall be governed in all respects by the law of
England and Wales and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the English
Courts. The text of this Contract and these terms and conditions written in the
English language is the authentic text and any difficulties or uncertainties
arising shall be solved solely by reference to that text.
15.2 Save for statement or
representations confirmed in writing in this Contract, no oral statements or
statements made during any online 'live chat' conversation, of whatsoever
nature and by whomsoever made shall form part of the Contract. In contracting
with the Company the Customer acknowledges that he has not relied on any oral
statements, statements made during an online 'live chat' conversation or
representations made to him save those confirmed as aforesaid.
15.3 Clause headings are for convenience
only and do not affect the construction of this document.
15.4 The Contract and the documents
referred to therein constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties in respect of its subject matter and supersedes and extinguishes any
previous agreement, understanding, undertaking, representation, warranty and
arrangement between them relating to the Service, save that nothing in the
Contract shall operate to limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
Version 2.4 - 09/04/2020
Home
Why Outsource?
Free Stuff
Template Ideas
Charities
Contact
Schedule a call
Pricing
Blog
Industries
Who we work with
Healthcare
Marketing
Recruitment
Ecommerce
Manufacturing
Hospitality
Social
© 2020 mailingmanager | mailingmanager is a registered trade mark of IHM LTD
terms
anti spam
privacy policy
cookie policy
site map