https://www.edgewordstraining.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementTom Millichamp2018-05-29T11:50:23+00:00
Edgewords is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Notice describes how we use the personal information that we collect from you, or that you provide, when you:
visit any of our websites or online learning environments (the “Website”);
use the educational services, testing, certification, products, and consultancy services (together the “Services”) that we provide; or
communicate with us.
Who we are
Edgewords provide training and consultancy services in automated software testing. Training courses are provided by classroom, on-line and on-site delivery.
Information We Collect
Information that you provide directly
We collect personal information from you:
through the use of forms, which may be on paper or on our Websites, such as when signup to receive our newsletters, register for information, or make a purchase or commence a course of study;
when you create an account on our Websites and provide us with information about any special requirements, such as dietary requirements, that you may have; and
if you choose to provide us with information when you use our Website or access our Services;
when you communicate with us for any reason, including by email, postal mail or telephone, and when you use our Services.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to our visitors.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
We may receive personal information about you from third party sources (such as your employer if they enroll you on a course, or agencies if you apply for study, but only where we believe that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. We collect only the minimum amount of information required from these third parties to enable us to provide the requested service or process any application you send to us. We only use the information we receive from these third parties as set out in this Privacy Notice.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our Services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
to provide you with information or Services you request from us;
to provide information on other Edgewords products and Services which we feel may be of interest to you, in accordance with your communications and consent preferences;
to meet our contractual commitments to you;
to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Websites/Services; and as necessary to prevent or detect crime.
In general, we will use any of the information we collect from you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect such information. However, we may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you (such as statistical purposes) if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
If you do not want us to use your data for any marketing purposes, you will have the opportunity to withhold your consent to this when you provide your details to us.
Consent can be varied by contacting Edgewords on +44(0)333 939 8884 or dpo@edgewordstraining.co.uk
Storing and Retaining Your Personal Data
The personal information you provided to us is stored within secure servers. We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our sites and portals, you are responsible for keeping these passwords confidential.
Please note that the transmission of information via the internet (including email) is not completely secure and therefore, although we endeavour to protect the personal information you provide to us, we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and the transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk.  We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business or statutory need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it.
Disclosing Your Information
We may disclose your personal information with:
third party funders, where required for funding of your training course
your employer, where required
government agencies, where required by the scheme or education path you elect to follow;
partners with whom we work to provide Services (such as course vendors, examination bodies and trainers);
any third party in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sales of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or other third party where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party; and to
any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Third Party Links
You might find links to third party websites on our Websites or within documentation we provide.
If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policies which you should review.
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Legal Basis (EEA visitors only).
Our legal basis for collecting and using personal information will depend on the personal information being collected and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only:
where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (for example, to enroll you into a course or provide you with learning materials);
where the processing is in our legitimate interests and is not overridden by your rights; or
where we have your consent to do so;
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our platform and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
Data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletionof your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
In addition, you can object to processingof your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing and telemarketing communicationswe send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authorityabout our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Notice. Please do not hesitate to contact us via email at: dpo@edgewordstraining.co.uk
Changes to the Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time by updating this document.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Contact Info
Lasyard House, Underhill St. Bridgnorth WV16 4BB
Phone: +44 (0)333 939 8884
Email: hello@edgewords.co.uk
Search:
Search for: