http://www.mebron.com/privacy
HomeClient Area
Mebron
HomeSevices
Domain Registration
Blue SparrowsAbout UsContact Us
A+
A
A-
Privacy Policy
1.0 Privacy policy
Below is our privacy policy. This policy governs the use and disclosure by us of personal information of our users and outlines how users can access that information. It is only applicable on the assumption that:
You provide us with all information marked as compulsory on the relevant application forms
You warrant that all information provided to us is complete, accurate and up to date at all times
1.1 Information that is collected
We collect or maintain the following personal information about our users:
Name
Address
Telephone Number
Email Address
Username & Password
Credit Card details (if applicable)
This information will be collected with your knowledge and participation. If you choose not to provide this information we may decline to accept your registration. It will not be possible for you to deal with us anonymously.
1.2 Cookies
Our website may track user access sessions using cookies, without your specific knowledge or participation, by automated means in the course of your use of our network. Cookies are a Web browser technology that is used to improve your experience of using our website, but are not used to record any personal information. You may disable cookies in your Web browser at the cost of some possible loss of functionality in your use of our website.
1.3 Sensitive information
We will not collect information revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, or details of health, disability or sexual activity or orientation, unless compelled to do so by law.
The personal information we collect may be used for the following purposes:
To administer our network;
For billing purposes;
For any other purpose for which you would reasonably expect your personal information to be used;
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Mebron's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
1.4 Disclosure of your personal information
Your personal information may be disclosed in the following circumstances:
To authorised officers of Mebron and our agents for the purpose of administering our network or for billing or credit collection purposes
Under compulsion of law, for example if a warrant or court order is received
To lessen or prevent a serious and imminent threat to an individual's life or health
To you or with your consent;
Otherwise we will use reasonable endeavours to avoid the disclosure of your personal information, save that aggregated demographic information may be disclosed so long as the information is unable to identify you or any other individual.
1.5 Refusal of access
Access of your personal information may be refused if:
Providing access would pose a serious and imminent threat to life or health of a person
Providing access would create an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others
The request is frivolous and vexatious
Denial of access is authorised or required by law
For any other reason authorised by the Government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law
1.6 Data quality
We will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy and quality of the information collected about you. Should personal information that you know has been collected about you change, it is your responsibility to bring the changes to our attention which you may do by via our portal system at http://www.mebron.com. Otherwise, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
1.7 Data security
Mebron uses technical security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, alternation or unauthorized disclosure of information under our control. Mebron uses security measures including and not limited to: physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When we ask customers or users to provide financial information (such as a credit card number) that data is protected using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") technology.
1.8 Who is
When a domain name license is registered, certain information is collected for use on the WHOIS service. The WHOIS service allows internet users to query a domain name to find out the identity and contact details of the registrant. The public WHOIS service is a standard feature of domain name systems around the world and is subject to the relevant registry operator's policies and requirements.
1.9 Amendments to privacy policy
We may amend the terms applying to the use of your personal information at any time, subject to informing you of the amendments by publishing the revised policy on our website.However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
Tweet
Since 2000 in the Industry
But it's not enough just to have been around for a long time if you don't stay current. We started early, and we stay ahead of the pack. We're here for the long haul.
Software
You have heard Mebron builds nice Websites, Registering lots of Domains and providing a reliable Web Hosting. But did you know Mebron also build Smart phone, iPhone and Desktop applications.
Support
Contact Us
Online Support
Development Process
Company
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Core Services
PHP Development
Drupal Integration
Joomla Integration
Wordpress Integration
Android Development
iOS Development