http://www.keil.com/company/cookiepolicy
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer
Sorry, your browser is not supported. We recommend upgrading your browser.
Arm Account
Log in to access your Arm Account.
Login
Register
Back
Products
Products
Solutions
Solutions
Why Arm
Why Arm
Support & Training
Support & Training
Resources
Resources
Company
Company
Arm Account
Log in to access your Arm Account.
Login
Register
Arm Cookie Policy
Introduction
This Cookie Policy (“Policy”) informs you how Arm Limited, 110 Fulbourn Road, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, CB1 9NJ, registered number 2557590, and its subsidiaries (collectively “we”, “us” or “our”), use cookies and similar technologies such as web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”) and flash cookies (sometimes called local shared objects or “LSOs”) on our websites. We refer to cookies and these similar technologies collectively as “cookies”.
In this Policy, “cookie” means HTTP cookies which are small text files stored on your browser or computer hard drive when you access our website. Cookies may be set by us or by third parties on behalf of Arm.
Please visit www.allaboutcookies.org for more information about cookies.
Scope
This Policy applies to any cookies (including third party cookies, web beacons and flash cookies) that are set by or on behalf of Arm Limited.
By using an Arm website, you understand that we may automatically collect and store information about your visit to our websites, through using browser cookies or similar devices. Through continuing to use our Arm websites you consent to our use of cookies in the manner and for the purposes set out below.
How Cookies are Used
Functionality
Some of our websites use strictly necessary cookies to provide you a function of the website. This may include:
Login settings to authenticate, maintain your login session and remember your preference in respect of storing your login credentials;
Tabbed content to record which tab is being viewed;
Regional content to provide region-based content and remember time zone settings;
Language settings to determine and remember which language to display content in;
Device functionality to provide different content depending on the browser device being used;
Search settings to save all user-defined working sets that can restrict the scope of searches. If this data exceeds 4kb in size, further cookies are created as necessary;
Distributor settings to maintain preferences within the distributor section of Arm’s website;
Forum functionality to remember an end user licence agreement setting and maintain the date setting;
Editor settings to maintain the height of the editor windows and remember the editor mode that you have chosen; and
Download settings to remember preferences when downloading evaluation software from any Arm website.
Performance and Website improvement
Some of our websites use web analytics cookies and similar technologies to gain business insight, improve our understanding of how visitors use Arm websites (including developer activity) so we can review and update the content and functionality of our websites. We use the information (including your IP address) to identify webpages that are not being regularly visited and website navigation issues.
The cookies collect information which includes the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site, and the pages they visited. These cookies may be set by us, or by third party companies such as:
Google Analytics
These are web analytics cookies, provided by Google Inc., that are used to collect information about how visitors use Arm websites. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our websites. The cookies collect information including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of an Arm website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our websites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Arm does not attempt to reconcile information collected via Google Analytics to identify an individual user.
For more information about opting out of Google Analytics cookies please visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en-GB.
By using an Arm website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Adobe Analytics
These are web analytic cookies provided by Adobe that are used to collect information about how visitors use the Arm website. We use the information to compile reports, to provide relevant content to you, and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to Arm websites, where visitors have come to the site from, what time of day they access the site, and the pages they visited.
For more information about opting out of Adobe Analytics cookies please visit http:///www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/opt-out.html#4.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize the experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.). This enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular device IP addresses (captured and stored only in anonymised form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website).
Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please visit Hotjar’s privacy policy here https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy.
For more information about opting out of Hotjar cookies please visit https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out.
Personalisation
Some of our websites use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to personalise the content that is displayed to you on our websites or to remember when you revisit our site. For example, we may use information about your visits to Arm websites in order to provide you with relevant content about Arm products and services that may interest you. These cookies may be set by us, or by third party companies such as Clearbit.
For more information about Clearbit and this service generally, please visit https://clearbit.com/privacy.
Advertising
We engage third party companies such as AdRoll to provide advertising on our behalf across the Internet or display advertising for other companies on our websites. These third parties use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect information in order to assess the effectiveness of advertising. We link this information to the contact and account details you have provided to us and use the information to understand which products and services you are interested and send you information about such products and services.
For more information about AdRoll and this service generally, please visit www.adroll.com/about/privacy.
If you do not want to receive targeted advertising from AdRoll please visit any of the following pages:
NAI: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
DAA: http://www.aboutads.info/ or
EDAA: http://youronlinechoices.eu/
Cookie Retention
We use a mixture of “session” cookies, (cookies stored in your web browser) and “persistent” cookies (which are stored for longer and which are activated each time you revisit our website).
Your Choices
Browser extensions
Some third parties such as Google Analytics have developed browser extensions to help you to manage their or other third party cookies.
Browser settings
You can stop cookies being stored on your browser in future or delete any cookies that are already on your browser. To do so, refer to your browser manufacturer’s instructions by selecting “Help” in your browser menu.
Information on deleting or controlling browser cookies is available at http://www.AboutCookies.org/.
Third party cookies cannot be controlled by changing any Arm website settings, and if you have javascript disabled, you may not be able to change any Arm website settings. Please change cookie settings using your browser settings instead.
Local stored objects (“LSOs”) are used by the authors of files that are read by Adobe Flash Player and the websites hosting those files. To control or prevent LSOs being stored on your browser, refer to the Adobe website at http://www.adobe.com/privacy/flash-player.html.
Online Tools
You can contact us to update or correct your personal information at any time by emailing us at privacy[at]arm.com.
If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to "information" on the Macromedia website), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our services or online content.
Please note that if you disable cookies entirely you may not be able to use certain areas or features of Arm websites.
Changes
We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time. If we make changes to this Policy then we will post an updated version of this Policy on our website.
Further Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy then please contact us at privacy[at]arm.com or write to us at:
Privacy Counsel
Arm Limited
110 Fulbourn Road
Cambridge
CB1 9NJ
Copyright © 2019 Arm Limited (or its affiliates). All rights reserved.
Content not available
This Section is blocked in your Country
×
Important Information for the Arm website. This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work.
Accept and hide this message