http://www.abs-usa.com/privacy-statement
ProductsScheduleAnywhereScheduleBase Visual Staff Scheduler Pro
Customer Appointment Manager
Client Appointment Manager
Patient Appointment Manager
Staff Files
HR Document Maker
Ultimate Business Planner
Ultimate Financial Forecaster
Support
Visual Staff Scheduler ProCustomer Appointment ManagerClient Appointment ManagerPatient Appointment ManagerStaff FilesHR Document MakerUltimate Business PlannerUltimate Financial Forecaster
About
Contact
1-800-874-8801
We've been making some
of the best business
software for over 30 years.
Privacy Statement
Last updated: (10/30/2018)
Atlas Business Solutions (ABS) is committed to protecting your privacy. ABS is the sole owner of all personally identifiable information collected on this website and has a strict policy of not selling its customer information to other companies. This privacy statement covers www.abs-usa.com, www.bptools.com, and www.userregistration.com.
Information Collection
Personally identifiable information is collected in several ways: (1) when ordering software during the secure order process - VeriSign authenticates the ABS online store as a secure site; (2) when contacting technical support; (3) when registering software; and (4) when requesting information be sent to you. ABS collects information such as name, telephone number, email address, shipping address, billing address, and payment information (i.e. credit card company, credit card number, and expiration date), if applicable. This information is all kept confidential.
Information Use
ABS uses personally identifiable information in the aggregate to determine demographic information to improve its products and services. In addition, the information you provide allows ABS to keep you informed about upgrades and new ABS products and services by email, mail, or telephone. If you make an online purchase, contact technical support, register your software, or request information, ABS will send you information regarding your product by email, as well as information on related ABS products and services. You can elect not to receive promotional emails by opting out. For more information, please refer to the Promotional Emails & Opt-out section below.
If you are registering either Staff Manager or Financial Forecaster, products published by both ABS and Riverdeep, Inc., your registration information including name, address, and email address may be shared with both product publishers. You may not opt-out from having your registration information shared with either ABS or Riverdeep, Inc. as it is part of the terms of service to receive these products.
Cookies
When you decide to purchase ABS software online, the site places a "cookie" on your hard drive identifying the items you have chosen to purchase. If your browser cannot accept cookies, or is set to not accept cookies, you won't be able to purchase software online. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information.
Log Files
ABS uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Third Party Collection and Use
ABS will not disclose any personally identifiable information or data submitted by you to a third party without your permission, nor will it supplement it with other information, in ways other than stated below:
Disclaimer: Though ABS makes every effort to preserve customer privacy, it may need to disclose personally identifiable information when required by law wherein ABS has a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on this website.
Agents
We use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Promotional Emails & Opt-out
If you receive promotional emails and wish to opt-out, visit https://www.abs-usa.com/unsubscribe and enter your email address, send an email to webmaster@abs-usa.com with the word REMOVE in the subject line, or call 1-701-235-5226.
Security
ABS takes every reasonable precaution to protect your personally identifiable information. Only ABS employees who need this information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information and information is only accessible via the internal company network. Every new employee is made aware of these measures and any time there is a change in security measures, all employees are notified of the change.
ABS uses a SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption for all its credit card transactions, and the ABS website is authenticated by VeriSign as secure. Your credit card information is shared with a third party for verification purposes only.
Modifying, Updating, or Deleting Customer Information
If you would like to modify, update, or delete your personally identifiable information, please contact customerservice@abs-usa.com, call 1-701-235-5226, or mail to: Atlas Business Solutions, Inc., PO Box 9013, Fargo, ND 58106-9013.
Notification of Changes
Changes to the ABS privacy statement are posted on the homepage and other appropriate pages within the site; however, if ABS is going to use personally identifiable information in a way not stated at the time of collection, ABS will contact you via email and request your permission. If ABS is unable to contact you due to an opt-out preference, ABS will not use your customer information in accordance with the privacy statement change.
Questions
If you have any questions, please contact:Atlas Business Solutions — Privacy Policy3330 Fiechtner Drive SWFargo, ND 58103 USAEmail: webmaster@abs-usa.comPhone: 1-701-235-5226