https://www.iolo.com/resources/archived-articles/privacy-guardian-quick-start-guide/
English
English
Subscribe to Newsletter
My Account
English
French
Cart
Cancel Subscribe
Please enter your email address
Thank you for subscribing to the iolo newsletter
A confirmation email will arrive shortly
Please wait...
Home
Products
All Products
System Mechanic® Ultimate Defense™
System Mechanic Pro®
System Mechanic®
Privacy Guardian™
Malware Killer™
ByePass™
System Shield®
Search and Recover™
DriveScrubber®
Upgrades and Renewals
System Mechanic for Business
24×7 Premium Support
Downloads
All Product Downloads
System Mechanic Pro®
System Mechanic®
Privacy Guardian™
ByePass™
Malware Killer™
System Shield®
Search and Recover™
DriveScrubber®
Resources
iolo Labs
Search Program Database
Search Threat Database
PC Tune-up Glossary
Security Glossary
Support
Press
News
iolo in the News
Industry Awards
Media Kits
Permissions
Public & Analyst Relations
Company
About iolo
Newsletter Sign Up
Partner with iolo
Contact Us
Job Openings
EULA
Privacy Policy
Sales Policy
Thank You for Choosing Privacy Guardian™
Block access to your sensitive online data, device info and habits.
Privacy Guardian thwarts online attempts to gain vast amounts of personal information based on your location, search history, shopping habits and more.
System Requirements
PC with 64/32-bit Windows® 10, 8.1, 8 or 7, 35 MB HDD space, 512 MB RAM (optimal 2 GB), internet connection and Windows Administrator user account.
Additional Requirements:
Your browser(s) must be fully up-to-date
The latest Windows updates should be fully applied
Privacy Guardian is not an optimization product. Browsing speed on some particularly intrusive websites may be impacted due to increased encryption required for protection.
Installing Privacy Guardian
If you are upgrading from the free to the full version, after purchase you must close it from within the Windows system tray and then restart the app:
On the bottom right of your computer screen, click on the up arrow to reveal your currently open apps
Locate the Privacy Guardian red eyeball icon and right-click
Select Quit Privacy Guardian
Re-launch Privacy Guardian to start enjoying the benefits of full online privacy protection
To install Privacy Guardian
Ensure that your internet connection is on and that no firewall or security programs are blocking outgoing access.
To install from:
A CD: Insert the CD into your CD drive. Installation will start automatically for most users.
If the installation does not start automatically: Click the Windows Start button. Type d:\setup.exe, where “d” is the letter of your CD drive, and then press the Enter key on your keyboard.
A downloaded file: Go to http://pg.iolo.com
Choose a destination folder and click Save to save a copy of the Privacy Guardian Download Manager.
Open the Download Manager file from either your browser download tray or the folder in which you saved it.
If the User Account Control window appears, click Yes.
Choose a destination folder and click Save to save a copy of the Privacy Guardian installation file to your PC (recommended).
When the installer wizard opens, follow the steps onscreen to complete the installation of Privacy Guardian.
During installation you will be asked to enter an Activation Key. Ensure that your internet connection is on and that no security software is blocking outgoing connections. Type the Activation Key shown on the CD sleeve/case. Completely type all letters and numbers, exactly as shown. (Any hyphens will be automatically entered.)
Continue to follow the onscreen instructions to proceed through the installation wizard.
On the last screen of the installation wizard, click Finish.
Note for CD Installation: If you are prompted to restart your computer to complete the installation, remove the installation CD before you restart.
Troubleshooting Licensing and Installation
If you have any difficulties with the licensing or installation of Privacy Guardian:
Ensure that your computer is connected to the internet and that no firewall, security, or parental control programs are blocking outgoing access.
Double-check the values you entered for the Activation Key, making sure that no spaces are entered and that all letters and numbers are entered exactly as shown.
Some characters in the Activation Key (such as the number 0 and the letter O) can look very similar. Try double-checking the following: the letters O, I(lower-case L), I (capital i); and the numbers O (zero) and 1(one).
Make sure you are entering license information for the specific product you are installing. License information for one iolo product is not interchangeable with another iolo product.
Getting Started
To start, double-click the Privacy Guardian icon on your desktop. Once opened, Privacy Guardian displays the Dashboard, which provides access to all of the tools in the program.
Privacy Guardian should automatically detect your default web browser, and begin guiding you through the process of adding the Privacy Guardian browser extension to that browser.
Because Privacy Guardian is a browser-based anti-tracking application that protects your online activities from spying eyes while you are using the internet, adding the extension to your browser is the only way Privacy Guardian will be able to protect your browsing from tracking attempts. (Microsoft’s Internet Explorer and Edge browsers do not require you to enable extensions.)
Installing the Privacy Guardian extension
Even if you typically use just one web browser, it is recommended that you enable online privacy protection for each of your browsers. To enable privacy protection for your browsers:
From the Privacy Guardian Dashboard, click Browsers.
Here you will see a list of browsers available for privacy protection.
Choose a browser from the list, and click Enable.
Follow the onscreen steps as Privacy Guardian walks you through adding the browser extension for the browser.
Moving down the list of available browsers, click Enable and follow the onscreen instructions for each subsequent browser.
Getting Help
Read the Privacy Guardian Frequently Asked Questions here.
You can also read Knowledge Base articles and tutorials here.
Contact forms are also provided, so that you can email specific questions directly to iolo’s Technical Support department.
UpToSpeed™ is iolo's ongoing article series written by PC experts for everyday computer users. Each article is packed with easy tips and practical advice on the latest issues affecting computers to help you get the most out of your PC.
Stay Connected
Stay Tuned®
Receive helpful PC optimization articles like this one directly in your email inbox.
We respect your privacy and would never share your information.
Privacy Guardian Quick Start Guide
steve.gossett
August 4, 2017
Article SM new license (default offer)
Find out what’s slowing your PC down.
All Products
Purchase
Upgrade to VIP Support
PC Problems?Let us fix it.
Click here or call to learn more about this affordable and convenient service.
(877) 354-2956
Stay Connected
Stay Tuned®
Receive helpful PC optimization articles like this one directly in your email inbox.
Most Popular
Increase PC Performance
Registry Cleaner Myths
Computer Repair
PC Tune-Up
Computer Speed Up
Registry Repair
Slow Computer Myths
Improve Windows Startup
Optimize Boot Time
Cleanup PC Clutter
Next Steps
Check your computer's health
Download System Mechanic
We respect your privacy and would never share your information.
Article SM new license (default offer)
Find out what’s slowing your PC down.
Upgrade to VIP Support
PC Problems?Let us fix it.
Click here or call to learn more about this affordable and convenient service.
(877) 354-2956
x
+
-
More tips
Tips to Optimize Your PC’s Internet Connection Settings
Tips to Optimize Your PC’s Internet Settings
Give your internet connection settings a fine tune for a speed boost
Ever notice slow movie downloads or spottiness when surfing the net? That’s because the internet connection you have may not be ...
Read More »
5 Tips for Reviving Your Drives
5 Tips for Reviving Your Drives
How you can keep your drives healthy and always ready for action
The thing about your hard drive is, it works hard but it's not always forthcoming when it has problems. In fact, your hard drive may start acting up ...
Read More »
Tips to Really Power Up Your PC with System Mechanic's PowerTools
In addition to 50+ tools, System Mechanic comes equipped with all-in-one PowerTools.
Read More »
More Articles
iolo: 15 Years of Defining the Possible by Doing the Impossible
iolo founder assures us as modern computing evolves, so will iolo’s proven technologies.
Read More »
6 Quick Tips for Better Digital Privacy
Digital privacy can be tricky, but there are a ways users can reduce online vulnerability.
Read More »
More Tools for a Happy Windows Operating System
Specialized features in System Mechanic can further increase PC speed and responsiveness.
Read More »
PC Performance Solutions
Registry cleaner myths
Computer repair
PC tuneup
System speed
Registry repair
Slow computer
Windows startup
System cleaner
Computer help
PC Performance
Check computer
Wipe hard drive
Disk defrag
System repair
Computer problems
Boot time
Computer help
PC Performance
Check computer
Wipe hard drive
Disk defrag
Recovery Software
Computer problems
Boot time
Customer Care
Extend My Service
Lookup Licensing
Quick Solutions
Knowledgebase Search
Contact Customer Care
Company
About Us
Partner with iolo
Press Releases
iolo in the News
Industry Awards
Media Kits
Legal
Also Available At:
Your social media
Stay Connected with Us for the Latest Updates:
International Options
EULA | Privacy Policy | Sales Policy | Affiliates | Site Map
© 1998-2020 iolo. All rights reserved.
Industry-leading PC Performance Software
Powered by RealDefense
18
18 years ofPC tune-up innovation