http://www.webadvertising.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Values
Values
Our story
Who's chosen WEB
3 good reasons to hire WEB
WEBs' approach
Founder, Andy Adamson
What WEB Do
Design
User Experience
Technology
Conversion Optimisation
Work
City Psychology Group
Own Label Company
St Mary's Music School
121 Shoes
Kokoro Gin
Manchester International Festival
Our Story
WEBs' approach
Who's chosen WEB
Reasons to hire WEB
Founder Andy Adamson
Law Firm Essential Guide to Website Design
Introduction
How to start a law firm website redesign
Know your potential clients
Understanding your potential clients intent
How to improve the look of your website
Create clear messages
How visitors flow through your website
Easy to use technology
Make your website accessible
What content should you have on your website
How to encourage website visitors to complete an action
How to make your website easy to use
How to keep your website relevant
How to find new clients online
Build trustworthiness through your website
How to use Chatbots
News
Contact
Send us your brief
Got any questions?
Make an appointment
Careers at WEB
ASP.NET, C# .NET Web Developer
WHAT IS A COOKIE
We use various technologies on our site to collect information that helps us improve your online experience. We refer to these technologies which include cookies, collectively as “cookies”. This Cookie Policy explains the different types of cookies used on our site and how you can control them.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your device. Cookies are widely used throughout the Internet in order to make sites or other online services work or to be better or more efficient. They can do this because sites and other online services can read and write to the cookies stored on your device, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of them more convenience, for example, by remembering your preferences, username, or showing you pages that you seemed to have a particular interest in.
If you consent to us storing cookies on your computer or other electronic device then you agree that we can store and access cookies as described in this policy.
HOW YOU CONSENT TO US PLACING COOKIES
When you visit our site you should see an overlayat the bottom of your screen directing you to this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Notice.
By clicking or selecting the “I Agree” button that appears in the overlay, then you are demonstrating to us that you are freely giving us informed and specific consent for us to place cookies on your device for the purposes specified in this Cookie Policy and you are accepting and consenting to the practices described.
If you do not click or select the “I Agree” button that appears in the overlay then we will not place cookies on your device.
The duration of each cookie that we may place on your computer can be found in our Retention Policy.
If you do not see an overlay at the bottom of your screen then you may have already accepted our Cookie Policy and our Privacy Notice. You may also be using a pop-up blocker or similar tools that may prevent this policy from being brought to your attention. Please ensure that any pop-up blockers are disabled when you use our site. If you’re unsure then scroll down to the bottom of this page where we explain how you can manage your cookies.
WHAT DO YOU USE COOKIES FOR?
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site and to save and retain certain parameters about you and your usage of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site.
There are four different categories of cookies that we may use on our site:
Essential cookies: These are cookies that are essential for the operation of our site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site or make use of e-billing services. We also use cookies to prevent fraudulent use of your login credentials. These cookies are essential for using our site and, therefore, if disabled can severely affect your use of our site.
.NET Framework Cookie
Analytical/performance cookies: Performance cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. These cookies also allow us to see overall patterns of usage on our site and help us record any difficulties you may have with our site.
Google Analytics Cookie
Functionality cookies: In some circumstances we may use functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our site or provide enhanced and more personalised features, for example, to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
If you would like more information about cookies and how you can manage the settings on your computer, you can visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
COOKIES WE USE
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use on our site and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie Name. Purpose & Conent
.NET Framework Cookie
Type Analytics/performance cookie Purpose Used to distinguish users and sessions when they connect to the website.
Content Alphanumeric string of characters
https://cookiepedia.co.uk/cookies/ASP.NET_SessionId
Provider: Microsoft Corporation
Google Analytics Cookies
Type Analytics/performance cookie Purpose Used to distinguish users and sessions when they connect to the website.
Content Randomly generated number
Provider: Google Analytics
nopCommerce Shop Cookie
Shop cookie to remember the customer for a more customized shopping experience.
Alphanumeric string separated with hypens
Provider: The nopCommerce development team
Cookie Consent Status Cookie
Cookie to store value of cookie consent button.
text value
Provider: Insights
Providers
Google Analytics
The cookies used by Google Analytics are used to collect information about how you use our site. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. The cookie collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to our site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages that they visited.
You can read more about Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding your data at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Third Parties
Please note that third parties (including, for example, web traffic analysis services such as Google Analytics) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
HOW DO I CONTROL COOKIES?
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. You may also delete any cookies stored on your computer at any time.
You can find out more about changing cookie settings on your computer by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
HOW LONG IS COOKIE INFORMATION STORED?
Different cookies may be stored for different periods of time. In many cases these cookies are updated automatically each time you visit our site or may expire and be deleted by your computer automatically. It is important to understand that when a cookie is placed on your computer it will reside on your hard drive until it expires and is deleted or it may reside on your hard drive until you manually delete it – this entirely depends on your individual browser settings and we do not have control over this.
Please remember that you can delete or change the way in which you store cookies on your computer at any time.
Different cookies may be stored for different periods of time. In many cases these cookies are updated automatically each time you visit our site or may expire and be deleted by your device automatically. Each time you visit our site you start a new “session”. When you leave our site the session ends. The expiry period of a cookie will usually run from the date of the most recent session. This means that, each time you visit our site, the expiry period for those cookies may reset.
It is important to understand that when a cookie is placed on your device it will reside on your hard drive until it expires and is deleted or it may reside on your hard drive until you manually delete it – this entirely depends on your individual browser settings and we do not have control over this.
Need to improve your business? Let's grab a coffee and talk about stuff.
Fill in your name and we'll get right back to you.
Name:
Telephone:
Tell us about yourself and your project:
Send us your message
Please leave empty:
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.