https://www.biccsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Combined Shape
Created with Sketch.
Combined Shape
Created with Sketch.
At BICC Systems, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We recognize the importance of protecting the confidentiality and security of the information we collect about individuals. The material below describes our policies concerning the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive about individuals who seek to obtain, obtain or have obtained products or services from us, and whether and when we might share information with others.
Why We Collect and How We Use Information
We collect and use information for business purposes with respect to our business relationships with you. We may use information to offer you other products or services, to enhance and improve existing products or services, or to design new ones.
How We Collect Information
We get most information directly from you. The information you provide us voluntarily when inquiring about our products or services.
How We Protect Information
We treat information about you in a confidential manner. Our employees and other authorized personnel are required to protect the confidentiality of your information. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to only those individuals who have a business reason to know the information, such as in order to provide services for you. We also maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect information. All employees and other authorized personnel are required to comply with our established policies, including this privacy policy.
Further Information
In addition to any other privacy notice we may provide, federal and state laws and regulations have established privacy standards and require us to provide this summary of our Privacy Policy. You may have additional rights under applicable privacy laws. We may amend this notice at any time, and we will provide a revised privacy policy as required by law.
Website
Information We Collect
When you enter our website, information is gathered from your Internet browser. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address (which allows us to determine the identity of your Internet Service Provider), your operating system, and the type of browser software that you are using to access the website. This information allows us to upgrade the website as necessary to optimize its efficiency.
Use of Cookies
We may use cookies to collect information about how you use our website. A “cookie” is a small text file that a website can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to retain your preferences and/or registration information for your next visit. The cookie transmits this information back to the website’s operator. We do not respond to a Do Not Track option on your browser, but you can choose not to receive a cookie file by enabling your web browser to refuse cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie. Note that refusing to accept cookies may impact the performance of our website. However, at no time is sensitive information, such as your name, address or registration information, stored in a cookie.
Personal Information
You are not required to provide us with personal information in order to access our website. Providing us with your personal information will enable us to notify you as enhanced services become available on our website. Your personal information provided to us is subject to our general Privacy Policy.
Unsolicited Email
Should you voluntarily provide your personal information to us on our website, you may receive email messages from us. Each such email will include simple instructions should you decide you no longer wish to receive messages from us. Unless you elect not to receive such messages when submitting information to us on our website, you will receive these emails from us. Likewise, if at any time you request to be removed from one of our mailing lists, your email will be removed from that mailing list within ten business days. You can also always opt-out of receiving these email messages by contacting us by email or by phone at .
Security Precautions
We realize that foremost in the minds of privacy-conscious individuals is the security of information after its submission. All personal information collected in order to enable us to provide you with services is securely stored in databases. Additionally, access to the information stored on our databases is restricted to select employees and other authorized personnel, including those third parties necessary to perform services for us and for you. Where appropriate, we may employ firewalls, encryption technology, user authentication systems and access control mechanisms to control access to systems and data. If sensitive data is being transmitted, we will utilize security technology to ensure safe transmission. However, note that you should exercise discretion with respect to the submission of any personal or financial information. Transmitting information via the Internet is never completely secure and, thus, any information submitted may be intercepted, collected, used or disclosed by others. We will use appropriate technology to minimize that risk.
Links to Other Websites
Occasionally, we may provide a link to various sections of the websites of our affiliates, as well as pertinent links to third party websites. All links are made without any representations or warranties relating to the integrity, security or legitimacy of such sites. Our privacy policy cannot and does not apply to external websites and once you leave our websites, you are subject to the privacy policies and procedures of those third parties. You should be certain to consult each external website’s own privacy policy before providing personally identifiable information. If you have concerns about any linked website, we invite you to contact us.
Intended for Adults Only
This website is intended for use only by adults. We will not knowingly solicit, collect or maintain personal data/information from children under the age of 18. However, in some instances it may be necessary for customers or applicants to submit certain personal information of a child under the age of 18 in order to obtain or change coverage under an insurance or insurance-related product. Use of such information is strictly limited to those purposes and is never obtained absent the consent of the parent or guardian of the child.
Limited to United States Residents
Use of this website is limited to persons residing in the U.S. No part of this website is intended for use outside the U.S., and any information received from an identifiable non-U.S. resident will be disregarded.