https://www.daxarchiving.com/en/privacy-policy.html
Archiving Software
|
|
|
|
HOME
SOLUTIONS
Overview
Broadcast Archive
E-mail Archive
Prepress Archive
Medical Video Archive
DICOM Archive
PRODUCTS
Overview
DAX FFA Software
DAX FFA Tape Software
DAXfs Software
DAX On-Line Archive
COMPANY
Profile
Clients
News
Partners
RESOURCES
Demos
Brochures
Whitepapers
Articles
SUPPORT
Support Program
FAQ
CONTACT
DAX Archiving Solutions - Online Privacy Statement
By accessing the daxarchiving.com (or related) websites, you agree to the terms of the DAX Archiving Solutions Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. DAX Archiving Solutions reserves the right to change the Online Privacy Statement without prior notice.
Collection of personal informationWhen you engage in certain activities on this site, such as registering products, downloading software, requesting passwords/license keys or participating in surveys, DAX Archiving Solutions may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to participate in these activities. If you choose to engage in these activities, however, DAX Archiving Solutions may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal identifying information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to participate in that activity.
When you submit personal information to DAX Archiving Solutions on this site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which DAX Archiving Solutions and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintain offices, including - but without limitation - the Netherlands.
How your personal information is usedDAX Archiving Solutions collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you enter a survey, information may be collected to qualify the entry and contact you regarding the survey. The information that you provide may also be used as part of our effort to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of DAX Archiving Solutions.
Your choices with respect to personal informationDAX Archiving Solutions recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this site. If you do not want the information you provide to DAX Archiving Solutions to be used to inform you of other products, services and special offers available from DAX Archiving Solutions, and you indicate this preference when you provide your personal information to DAX Archiving Solutions, DAX Archiving Solutions will honor your preference. In addition, DAX Archiving Solutions will not provide information to other companies or organizations. DAX Archiving Solutions reserves the right to provide aggregate data to third parties for statistical analysis. Such data will not be linked to any particular individuals.
Protection of your personal informationThe personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as an DAX Archiving Solutions user or registering an DAX Archiving Solutions product is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Your Registration Information resides on a secure server that only selected DAX Archiving Solutions personnel. DAX Archiving Solutions encrypts your personal information and thereby prevents unauthorized parties from viewing/accessing such information. Personal information that you provide that is not Registration Information also resides on a secure server.
Since this information is not accessible from outside DAX Archiving Solutions, you will not be asked to select a username/password in order to view or modify any information.
Updating your personal informationYou have the right to correct your personal information and privacy preferences at any time. With respect to Registration Information, this may be accomplished by writing or calling DAX Archiving Solutions.
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us. No specific form is required to notify DAX Archiving Solutions of changes to your address or privacy preferences.
Personal information submitted through this site is not accessible online. To access and/or correct such information, you may write DAX Archiving Solutions.
In your correspondence, please indicate with as much detail as possible the location on this site where you provided your personal information.
Privacy related complaintsIf you believe that DAX Archiving Solutions has not complied with this Online Privacy Statement with respect to your personal information, you may write DAX Archiving Solutions at the address indicated at the Contact Page.
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the DAX Archiving Solutions Online Privacy Statement has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
Please note that if you provide DAX Archiving Solutions with inconsistent privacy preferences (for example, by indicating on one occasion that third parties may contact you with marketing offers and indicating on another occasion that they may not), DAX Archiving Solutions cannot guarantee that your most recent privacy preference will be honored.
Also, please note that DAX Archiving Solutions is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-DAX Archiving Solutions Web sites to which daxarchiving.com or any other DAX Archiving Solutions Web site may link.
Contact
Easy Evaluation
Contact us and evaluate the optimum archive solution in your own environment. Read more>>>
DAX On-Line Archive
Discover the simplicity of archiving & back-up with the affordable DAX On-Line Archive. Read more>>>
Blu-ray Archive
Massive Blu-ray Disc storage capacity on random and permanently accessible archives. Read more>>>
Archiving News
DAX launches multi-platform File and Folder Archive Software. Read more>>>
Archive Automation
Archiving is not the same as making back-ups and should form an essential part of your storage & retrieval processes. Read more>>>
Home | Solutions | Products | Company | Resources | Support | Contact | Privacy Policy | Site Map
© DAX Archiving Solutions All rights reserved