https://www.navisite.com/terms-of-use/
Close Search
Search for:
Login
Proximity
ClearDB
Support
USA
UK
Contact Us
MENUMENUServices
Application Services
Oracle
SAP
Microsoft
Custom Application Development
Data Analytics
Business Intelligence
Data Integration Services
Data Warehousing Services
Design and Strategy
SAP Data Intelligence
Database Services
Managed DBA
SAP HANA
Database Refactoring
Database as a Service
Cloud Marketplaces
AWS
Azure
Heroku
Infrastructure Services
Managed Hosting
Colocation
Disaster Recovery
Security Services
Assess and Design
Managed Detection and Response
Cloud Services
Amazon Web Services
Microsoft Azure
Cloud Migration
Cloud Optimization
Virtual Desktops
Industries
Business ServicesEducationEnergy & UtilitiesHealthcareFinancialManufacturingRetail
Resources
BlogResource CenterEventsCase Studies
Partners
AWSMicrosoftVMware
Company
AboutCareersLeadershipNewsPress ReleasesRisk and Compliance#NaviGivesBackContact
Home / Terms of Use
Please read these terms (the “Terms”) carefully before using this site
The materials on this Web site (the “Site”) are provided by Navisite, LLC (“Navisite”) as a service to its clients and may be used for informational purposes only. Single copies may be downloaded subject to the provisions below. By downloading any materials from this Site, you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to them, do not use the Site or download any materials from it. The Terms are entered into by and between Navisite and you. If you currently have in effect separate agreement(s) with Navisite, such separate agreement(s) govern.
Ownership of Materials
You acknowledge and agree that all content and materials available on this Site are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws, all right, interest and title to which is owned by Navisite. All content, including text, data, sound recordings, sound, photographs, graphics, video and/or other materials (“Material”) provided on this Site is provided by or to Navisite by its respective manufacturers, authors, developers and vendors (the “Third Party Providers”) and is the copyrighted work of Navisite and/or the Third Party Providers. Except as stated herein, none of the Material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Navisite or the Third Party Provider. No part of the Site, including logos, graphics, sounds or images, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of Navisite. You also may not, without Navisite’s prior express written permission, copy any Materials contained on this Site on any other server, or use any Navisite Marks for any purpose. “Navisite Marks” means any names, marks, brands, logos, designs, slogans, trademarks, trade dress and other designations Navisite uses in connection with its products or services. With respect to Navisite Marks, you are governed by the terms and conditions of the agreement(s) already entered into with Navisite.
Termination of This License
Navisite may terminate this license at any time if you are in breach of the terms of this Agreement. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy the Materials and provide, upon Navisite’s request, written certification that same have been destroyed.
Disclaimer
The materials are provided “as is” without any express or implied warranty of any kind including warranties of merchantability, noninfringement of intellectual property, or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall Navisite, its officers, directors, shareholders, subsidiary entities, or any of their employees be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information or programs or other data on your information handling system) arising out of the use of or inability to use the content, materials or functions of this site, even if Navisite has been expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. Navisite and its subsidiary entities further do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. Navisite may make changes to these materials, or to the products described therein, at any time without notice. Navisite makes no commitment to update the Materials.
User Communications
Navisite may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where users transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or other user forums, and the content of any such communications. Navisite, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.
Links To Other Materials
This Site may produce automated search results or otherwise link you to other sites on the Internet. These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites are not under the control of Navisite, and you acknowledge that Navisite is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites. The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of the site by Navisite. Navisite respects the intellectual property of others and ask that others do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied and is accessible on this Site or through any service provided by Navisite in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following information: 1. The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf; 2. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and a description of the infringing activity; 3. Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the URL of the website where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published; 4. Identification of the URL or other specific location on this Site where the material that you claim is infringing is located; you must include enough information to allow us to locate the material; 5. Your name, address, telephone number, and email address; 6. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 7. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this Site can be reached as follows:
You can phone us at +1 978-682-8300 ATTN: Senior Corporate Counsel
You can send mail using the following postal address:
Navisite, LLC
ATTN: Senior Corporate Counsel
400 Minuteman Road
Andover, MA 01810
Applicable Laws
This Site is controlled by Navisite from its offices within the United States of America. Navisite makes no representation that Materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claim relating to the Materials shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York.
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
The Acceptable Use Policy governs the use of all the hosting services, hosting solutions, cloud services, managed services and other offerings made available by Navisite. For details, download Navisite’s AUP.
General
Navisite may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
Get Started Today
Contact Us
Contact Us
We use cookiesThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.