https://www.one2create.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
One2create / TERMS AND CONDITIONS
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not use our website.
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and materials on the website. Subject to the licence below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved.
Licence to use website
You may view, download for caching purposes only and print pages from the website, provided that;
you must not republish material from this website (including republications on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system;
you must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit our website material on our website for a commercial purpose, without our express written consent;
you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on the website
Limitations of liability
The information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill). Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under these terms and conditions or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise – including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contract, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
Variation
We may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Our contact details
The full name of our company is One2create Limited and our address is The Flint Barn, St Clairs Farm, Wickham Road, Droxford, Hampshire, SO32 3PW. You can contact us by email at the following address sales@one2create.co.uk
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Accept Cookie SettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.