https://www.ponton.de/privacy-policy/
Data protection declaration
We appreciate your interest in our website.
The protection of your personal data during the collection, processing and use during your visit to our website is very important to us. Your data is protected in accordance with the legal regulations.
Please take a moment and read the information below. It provides information about how we handle personal data, for what purpose this data is used, to whom we forward this data and how we protect your personal data. Your personal rights are our top priority and we make every effort to protect and guarantee these rights.
Responsible for the processing of your personal data according to the General Privacy Policy:
PONTON GmbH
Dorotheenstraße 64
D-22301 Hamburg
Phone: +49 40 866 275 340
Fax: +49 40 866 275 355
e-mail: info(at)ponton.de
ponton.de
Collecting and processing of data
Every access to our website and every retrieval of a file stored on our website is logged. The storage serves inter- nal system-related and statistical purposes.
To be logged:
name of the retrieved file,
date and time of retrieval,
transferred amount of data,
message about successful retrieval,
used operating system,
browser and browser type,
website from which is was forwarded,
Internet service provider,
visited websites and
requesting domain.
Additionally, the IP addresses of the requesting computers are logged. The responsible, however, does not draw conculsions on a person.
These data is only required to properly display the contents on our website, to optimise the content permanently for you and to support criminal prosecution in the case of hacker attacks.
Insofar as personal data (such as name, address, e-mail address, etc.) is collected on this website, this is done in voluntary agreement with you and in your knowledge.
The personal data is collected and processed by us within the framework of the provisions of the Telemedia Act (TMG), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG).
A revocation is possible at any time.
Use and transfer of personal data
So far as you provided personal data to us, we use this in accordance with the European and German data protection regulations and only for answering your requests, for statements, for settlement and termination of contracts concluded with you, for the technical administration and perhaps for the advertising of our products and services if we have your consent or if this is permitted by law.
Your personal data is only transferred to third parties or transferred in any other way if this is required for the contractual performance – especially the transfer of order data when integrating service providers and/or suppliers etc. -, required for billing purposes or if you have consented in advance. You have the right to withdraw a given consent for the future at any time.
Newsletter
Insofar as you order our electronic newsletter, your personal data is only processed for the purpose of the regular sending of our newsletter on the basis of Article 6 (1) subsection 1 lit. a) and b) GDPR. After registration, we send you a confirmation e-mail which allows us to verify your identity and reconfirm your consent.
Your data is transferred to us by e-mail from our provider. Unfortunately, we cannot provide our newsletter and process your request or contact you if you do not provide the necessary information. An automatic decision making does not take place.
A transfer of your provided personal data to third countries or an international organisation does not take place and is also not in planning. A transfer of you personal data to external third parties does not take place. Your personal data that you provide to us within the framework of the newsletter order is stored until your revocation of consent for receiving the newsletter and will be removed from the mailing list after your deregistration.
Rights of affected persons
According to Article 15 GDPR, you have the right to request information about the processing of your personal data. Furthermore, you are free to claim your rights on the correction, deletion or, if deletion is not possible, on the restriction of the processing and on data portability according to Article 16-18, 20 GDPR. If you want to claim this right, please refer to our data protection officer.
Furthermore, you have the right to make complaints at the responsible supervisory authority at any time. Should you think that the processing of your personal data does not take place within the observance of the data protection laws, we kindly ask you to contact our data protection officer.
Furthermore, according to Article 13 (2) lit. b) GDPR, you have the right to contradict the processing of your personal data at any time.
Protection of the stored data
We use technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorised persons. Our security measures are continously improved and adapted according to the state-of-the-art. It cannot be excluded that data that you transfer unecrypted cannot be accessed by third parties during transmission. We point out that regarding the data transmission via the Internet (e. g. at the communication by e-mail) no final secure transmission can be guaranteed. Sensitive data should therefore either not be transferred at all or only via a secure connection (SSL) via the Internet.
Protection of minors
The consent to the processing of personal data can only be given by a person of legal age. For information society services, the consent of a child from the age of sixteen is permitted under Art. 8 GDPR.
Storage of anonymised data/cookies
On this website, usage data are collected and stored in anonymous form. For this purpose, so-called “cookies” can be used. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of your use of the website. However, these collect and save the data exclusively in pseudonymous form. They are not used to identify you personally and are not merged with data about the bearer of the pseudonym. We use this information to determine the attractiveness of our website and to continually improve its content.
The use of the website is also possible without cookies. If you do not give your consent, no cookies will be set.
Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about data protection, please contact our data protection officer S-CON DATENSCHUTZ, Kriegerstraße 44, 30161 Hannover (datenschutzteam@s-con.de).
Social Media
Facebook
On our website we use a reference (link) to the social network Facebook which is exclusively operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (Facebook). The reference is indicated via the Facebook logo (no Facebook plug-in).
When clicking the Facebook logo, your browser initiates a direct connection with the Facebook servers. If you are already logged in to Facebook via your personal user account, an automatic forwarding of the information about the visit on our website takes place. It is then possible that Facebook assigns the visit of the website to your account. We point out that we do not have knowledge of the contents of the transmitted data as well as their use by Facebook. If you do not want that Facebook transfers and stores your data, you must log out from your Facebook account. More about the Privacy Policy of Facebook can be found under: https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy.
XING
We have functions on our website from the XING service. When visiting the website, your web browser is connected for a short time with the servers of the XING AG, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany (“XING“),
by which the XING functions are rendered (e. g. for the calculation of the counter value). XING does not use cookies or stores personal data. Furthermore, no evaluation of your usage behaviour takes place. We point out that we do not have knowledge of the contents of the transmitted data as well as their use by XING. You find more information under: https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection.
LinkedIn
We have integrated plug-ins from the social network LinkedIn of the LinkedIn Corporation (2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; hereafter: „LinkedIn“) on our website. You can recognise the LinkedIn plug-ins at the LinkedIn logo or the “Share button” (Recommend). If you call our website, a connection betwenn the LinkedIn server and your browser is established. Via this connection, LinkedIn receives the information that you visited our website with your IP address. If you are logged in to your LinkedIn account and click the “Share button”, you have the possibility to link contents of our webiste with your LinkedIn profile. Hereby, a linking between your visit to our website and your user account takes place. We point out that we do not have knowledge of the contents of the transmitted data as well as their use by LinkedIn. The following link leads to the Privacy Policy of LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Instagram
The plug-ins inserted on our website of the social network Instagram (Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA) can be recognised at the “Instagram button”.
If you are logged in to your Instagram account and click the “Instagram button”, you have the possibility to link contents of our website with your Instagram profile. Hereby, a linking between your visit to our website and your user account takes place. As provider of this website, we expressly point out that we do not have knowledge of the contents of the transmitted data as well as their use by Instagram. More about the Privacy Policy of Instagram can be found under: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388.
Google Maps
Our website uses Google Maps API (Application Programming Interface) for the visual presentation of geographic information (maps). Google Maps is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. By using Google Maps, you agree with the collection, processing and use of the automatically collected data and the data entered by you during the use of Google Maps by Google or their representatives or third provider. When using Google Maps, information about your use of our website, including your IP address, is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The transfer of data to the USA is associated with risks under data protection law. If you do not want this, you can deactivate the service of Google Maps and prevent the data transfer to Google. To do this, you need to disable JavaScript in your browser. We point out, however, that you cannot use the map display in this case.
More information about the collection and processing of your data by Google and your corresponding rights as affected person can be found in the Privacy Policy of Google under: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=de as well as in the terms of use for Google Maps or Google Earth under: https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html.
Join us!Java-Entwickler (m/w/d)5. August 2020 - 9:00Agiler (Senior) Projektleiter/ Product Owner (m/w/d)5. August 2020 - 9:00Senior Software QA Specialist (m/w/d)5. August 2020 - 9:00Latest newsEarly BrandsDecentralized marketplace for industrial bearings launched7. December 2020 - 16:38PONTON donates money saved on Christmas cards23. November 2020 - 10:12PONTON is ISO 27.001 certified30. September 2020 - 17:20 Videos: View PONTON on YouTube
About PONTON PONTON has been working as an IT service provider since the year 2001.
Our slogan is “We are the 2 in B2B”, which means we help our clients in standardising market processes to reduce the effort for cooperation and data exchange in their respective markets.
How to find us PONTON GmbH
Dorotheenstr. 64
D-22301 Hamburg
Phone: +49 40 866 275 340
Fax: +49 40 866 275 355
Mail: info@ponton.de
Main MenuHOME
COMPANY
FOCUS
PRODUCTS
CAREER
NEWS
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL NOTICE
Latest newsEarly BrandsDecentralized marketplace for industrial bearings launched7. December 2020 - 16:38PONTON donates money saved on Christmas cards23. November 2020 - 10:12PONTON is ISO 27.001 certified30. September 2020 - 17:20iStock 912838050Smart Grid Solutions for Grid Operators2. April 2020 - 10:14
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.