http://www.nttdocomo.co.jp/english/utility/privacy/
Home
NTT DOCOMO Privacy Policy
NTT DOCOMO Privacy Policy
NTT DOCOMO, INC. ("DOCOMO") may in certain instances acquire and use the customer's Personal Data (not limited to personal information as set forth in the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and including all data concerning an individual) to provide various services so that the customer may live a rich and comfortable life. Therefore, DOCOMO believes that the proper handling of Personal Data in its business activities is an important duty, and provides the "NTT DOCOMO Personal Data Charter" to clarify such philosophy and to regulate itself.
DOCOMO sets forth this Privacy Policy as a policy concerning the handling of Personal Data, under the "NTT DOCOMO Personal Data Charter."
In addition, this Privacy Policy clarifies "how DOCOMO handles Personal Data" and "how the customer can manage his or her own Personal Data." We published "Understand by Knowing! DOCOMO's Use of Personal Data (in Japanese only)" to communicate them specifically and in a way that make them easier to understand, and so please also refer thereto.
1. Proper handling of Personal Data
2. Acquisition of Personal Data
3. Purpose of use of Personal Data
4. Consent regarding the handling of Personal Data
5. Management of Personal Data by the customer
6. Safety management of Personal Data
7. Entrustment of the handling Personal Data
8. Publication of other matters regarding the handling of Personal Data
9. Inquiries regarding the handling of Personal Data
PDF Downloads
1. Proper handling of Personal Data
By complying with the applicable domestic and foreign laws and regulations, guidelines, etc. in handling Personal Data and continuously improving this Privacy Policy, DOCOMO endeavors so that the customer can use a convenient, safe and secure service. In addition, DOCOMO acquires Personal Data by just means, and in addition to streamlining a proper management structure and company regulations, carries out necessary educational training of employees.
2. Acquisition of Personal Data
DOCOMO will acquire Personal Data in the following instances:
If Personal Data is directly provided by the customer to DOCOMO:
DOCOMO will acquire Personal Data when the customer enters information in writing at a DOCOMO shop, etc. or registers and/or sends information from a smartphone screen, etc.
If Personal Data is automatically recorded when the customer uses DOCOMO's services, etc.:
In relation to the use of DOCOMO's services, etc., information regarding usage history, etc. of the services on the internet may be automatically recorded in DOCOMO's server, etc. or information recorded on a device (such as a smartphone) according to the settings of the device may be automatically sent to DOCOMO.
If DOCOMO indirectly acquires Personal Data when the customer uses services, etc. other than of DOCOMO:
DOCOMO may acquire information such as shopping and usage history of the service at the same time in relation to the use of services, etc. other than of DOCOMO, such as if d POINT is used when shopping at stores, or may acquire information provided thereby.
3. Purpose of use of Personal Data
DOCOMO uses Personal Data to the extent necessary to achieve the following purposes of use:
Purpose of Use (1)For provision of services, products, etc., and for communications/notifications etc. to customer that are necessary for the performance of the agreement with customer.
Open
As examples, the following purposes of use are included:
Providing various services and functions under the terms of an agreement and executing other terms of an agreement
Confirming the identity of a person or family members at the time of application and when using the services, etc.
Confirming whether the application conditions have been satisfied
Determining credit and managing post-credit
Calculating and/or invoicing the billing amount (including for collection agencies) and managing points
Disposing of claims and/or rights acquired against the customer, pledging collateral and for other transactions
For age information notifications when using services of contents providers corresponding to age determining functions
Notifying of required matters concerning an agreement
Arranging, sending and after-servicing ordered products
Communicating with the customer upon the occurrence of fraudulent contracts, unauthorized use and non-payment
Responding to opinions, requests, inquiries, etc. concerning the services
Purpose of Use (2)For proposals services, products, etc., in relation to purchased services, products, etc., and for communications/notifications etc., to customer that are necessary thereto
Open
As examples, the following purposes of use are included:
Proposing rate plans to customers when consulted about rates
Providing information regarding various campaigns, other sales promotion programs, etc. and events, etc. for DOCOMO, partner businesses, member stores, etc.
Drawing winners, sending prizes and gifts and providing notifications for various campaigns and other sales promotion programs, etc.
Providing information on products, services, contents, etc. recommended for the customer
Displaying and transmitting advertisements of DOCOMO and other companies that are appropriate for the customer
Awarding prizes such as coupons available at DOCOMO, its consolidated subsidiaries and equity method affiliates or d POINT affiliate shops
Providing information on and display/distribution of advertisements for various products, services, campaigns, and events judged appropriate by DOCOMO (including those sold or conducted by a third party other than DOCOMO)
Purpose of Use (3)For preservation and countermeasures against fraud that are necessary for reliable and stable provision of services, products, etc.
Open
As examples, the following purposes of use are included:
Operating and maintaining network application systems, etc.
Preventing and responding to the occurrence of failures, defects, accidents, etc. of products, services, network application systems, etc.
Preventing the occurrence of, and countermeasures upon the occurrence of, fraudulent contracts, unauthorized use and non-payment
Purpose of Use (4)For planning, developing and improving services, products, etc. and various investigations and analyses
Open
As examples, the following purposes of use are included:
Planning and development of new products, new services and new technologies
Improving service quality and improving reception services
Investigating and analyzing sales status and usage status
Carrying out investigations concerning awareness and actual conditions concerning products and services, various campaigns and other sale promotion programs, etc. (not limited to those of DOCOMO, partner businesses, member stores, etc.)
Investigating, analyzing and measuring effects for carrying out various campaigns and other sales promotion programs, etc.
Carrying out questionnaire investigations
Survey and analysis of sales/usage status of the products and services of DOCOMO; operation and improvement of the products and services of DOCOMO; planning of new products and services; and questionnaire surveys, and other marketing analysis
DOCOMO will not use Personal Data in the following way:
Unfairly discriminate against the customer in determining whether to provide services to the customer
DOCOMO may continue to use Personal Data even after an individual agreement concerning the provision of services, etc. terminates.
If DOCOMO uses Personal Data to perform services entrusted from other businesses, etc., DOCOMO will use Personal Data to the extent necessary to perform such services.
4. Consent regarding the handling of Personal Data
DOCOMO may obtain consent from the customer in advance for the use, provision to third parties and other handling of Personal Data. In addition, to the extent permitted by the laws and regulations, DOCOMO may use Personal Data for purposes other than the purposes of use provided in 3. (1) or provide Personal Data to third parties, but in such instance, DOCOMO will give due consideration to the customer's rights and interests.
DOCOMO will enable the confirmation of the principal matters that the customer has consented to as a list on the "Personal Data Dashboard", to ensure that the customer will be able to track of what the customer has consented to as a result of having consented to various matters.
5. Management of Personal Data by the customer
If the customer does not wish for the use and provision to third parties of Personal Data by DOCOMO, the customer may indicate such intent to a certain extent. Please confirm the current indication of intent by the customer on the "Personal Data Dashboard".
Please refer to "Claim Procedures regarding Retained Personal Data, etc." for claim procedures for the disclosure or otherwise of the retained Personal Data of the customer.
6. Safety management of Personal Data
DOCOMO has declared the "Information Security Policy" as its policy regarding information security, to enable the customer to use the services with ease. DOCOMO will take necessary and proper measures to prevent the divulgence, loss or damage of Personal Data and for other safety management of Personal Data.
7. Entrustment of the handling Personal Data
DOCOMO may entrust all or a part of the handling of Personal Data in the sales and reception services, troubleshooting services, fee and credit-related services, website and system operation services, event and campaign implementation services, data processing and analysis services and other services. In such instance, DOCOMO will select a provider who is recognized as being able to properly handle Personal Data, and will carry out proper supervision thereof.
8. Publication of other matters regarding the handling of Personal Data
If notifications regarding the joint utilization of Personal Data, the handling of anonymized processed information and other matters become necessary, DOCOMO will post such notifications on "Publication of Other Matters regarding the Handling of Personal Data", as necessary.
9. Inquiries regarding the handling of Personal Data
Please contact the below consultation service desk for inquiries regarding the handling of Personal Data:
NTT DOCOMO, INC.: Customer Service
0570-073-030 (toll); hours of operation: 10:00AM ~ 6:00PM (except Saturdays, Sundays, holidays, and end/beginning of year holidays)
Accredited Personal Information Protection Organization
DOCOMO is covered by the following accredited personal information protection organizations. The customer can also lodge complaints and/or consult with the service desk of each organization on the handling of personal information in the following businesses.
Service desk concerning telecommunications businesses
Japan Data Communications Association: Telecommunications Personal Information Protection Promotion Center
Service desk concerning credit card businesses
Japan Consumer Credit Association
03-5645-3360 (toll)
December 11, 2019
PDF Downloads
NTT DOCOMO Privacy Policy is available for download by clicking on the link below.
NTT DOCOMO Privacy Policy [PDF format:356KB] (in Japanese only)
In order to view PDF files, you must have the Adobe® Reader® plug-in offered free of charge from Adobe Systems, Inc. When viewing the PDF files with Adobe® Acrobat®, use version 10 or later.
These contents will apply to the purpose of use of personal information that were acquired before December 11, 2019, concerning customers who have never been a d POINT CLUB member on and after December 11, 2019.
NTT DOCOMO Privacy Policy
Open
NTT DOCOMO Personal Data Charter – Behavioral Principles for Innovation Creation –
Claim Procedures regarding Retained Personal Data, etc.
Information Security Policy
Publication of Other Matters regarding the Handling of Personal Data
Policy regarding Protecting Customers' (Business Partners') Specific Personal Information, etc.
Social Media Policy and Official Account List
Check your charges and data communications volume or apply for various procedures by My docomo.
Internet
Contact Us
News & Notices
About Us
Business