https://www.isotracker.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Document Management Software
Complaints Management Software
Audit Management
Training Software
Corrective Action (CAPA) Software
Non-Conformance Management Software
Risk Management Software
Regulations
ISO 9000
What is ISO 9000?
What is ISO 9001?
QMS Software
ISO 14000
What is ISO 14000?
TS 16949
What is TS 16949?
ISO 45001
What is ISO 45001?
ISO 22000
What is ISO 22000?
Resources
Articles and White Papers
What’s New?
Web-Based Software
Security Measures
10 Reasons to use isoTracker
Support
ISO 9001 Documentation
Pricing
About
Partners
Australia
India
Middle East/North Africa
United Kingdom
USA
Testimonials
Contact Us
Blog
Free Trial
UK: +44 5601 567 990 · USA: +1 (508) 817-5115
Privacy Policy
isoTracker Solutions Ltd (”ISO”) takes your privacy seriously. You can browse through our website without providing any information about yourself. When ISO does require personal information, this policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
For the purpose of this privacy policy the terms “you”, “your” or “yourself” shall refer to the person visiting and using the ISO website and the company or other legal entity such person is acting on behalf of. Furthermore, the terms “our”, “us” or “we” shall refer to ISO.
Collection of Information
We may request your contact information, such as name, company name, address, telephone number, email address, and postal or zip code. We may use this information to contact you to discuss your interest in us and the services that we provide, to provide you with the registration details and operational information for the services that you have requested or subscribed to, to send information regarding updates to our services, and to send you a newsletter or other marketing information.
You will be asked whether or not you wish to receive marketing communications from ISO from time to time which you may opt out of receiving at any subsequent time. Should you be a user of our services, either as a paying subscriber or as a user of a free trial, you hereby agree, that because our service is a hosted online application, to allow us to notify you of important announcements regarding the operation of the service, whether or not you have opted out as described above.
When you browse our website, we may also log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which pages of our website you visit and how long you spend on each of them. We do not link your IP address to any other personal information that we have except if you become a paying subscriber. We use “cookies” to collect information about how you use the website. Except for the use of cookies, we do not automatically collect data apart from information you specifically provide to us.
Use of the Information
We will use your information to fulfill any requests for information placed by you, to process any transactions authorized by you, to keep you up to date with news about ISO and our services and to provide information to you which we think may be of interest. Your personal information shall not be used for any other purposes.
Processing of Data
Your personal information will be processed by us in accordance with this privacy policy. We take all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized access to your personal data. Your details shall not be passed on to third parties except that we may disclose that you are a paying customer.
Access and Changes to the Information
Upon request, we will provide you with a copy of the personal information which we hold about you. Please use our Contact page to send us your request.
At your request, we will update personal information that you have submitted. You may also request that we cease using your personal information and to delete it from our records. However, it may be impossible to delete your information without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Please use our Contact page to address us your request to change or delete your personal information.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. When such a change is made we will post a revised version on the website. It is your responsibility to view this privacy policy from time to time to be aware of any such change.
Acceptance
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any component of this privacy policy and any changes to it, your only remedy is to discontinue use of the website and associated services.
For further information
If you have any further enquiries or concerns about our privacy policy please use our Contact page to send us a message.