http://www.crossriver.com/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
CROSS RIVER
Privacy Notice
Rev. 11/2018
PRINTER FRIENDLY VERSION (PDF) >
FACTS
WHAT DOES CROSS RIVER BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
- Social Security number and Account balances
- Payment history and Transaction history
- Account transactions and Wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Cross River Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Cross River Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes--
such as to process your transactions, maintain your accounts, respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes--
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes--
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes--
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call toll-free 1-877-55CRB55 or go to www.crossriverbank.com
WHAT WE DO
How does Cross River Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Cross River Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
- Open an account or Apply for a loan
- Make deposits or withdrawals from your account or Provide employment information
- Give us your contact information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
- sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
- affiliates from using your information to market to you
- sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
DEFINITIONS
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.- Cross River Bank does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.- Nonaffiliates we share with can include loan finance companies
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.- Our joint marketing partner(s) include loan finance companies.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Customers. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing-without your authorization.
For California Customers. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing-without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Customers. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing-without your authorization.
For Vermont Customers. We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at www.crossriverbank.com or call 1-877-55CRB55.
Contact
Footer menu
Company Overview
Newsroom
Compliance
Careers
Contact
Services > Third-Party
Marketplace Lending
Cross River Operating System
Payments
Services > Direct
Capital Markets
Deposits / CDs
Commercial Real Estate
Small Business Lending
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
FDIC
EQH
Heter Iska
Accessibility
Regulation E Protections
Business Security
Consumer Security
Mortgage Servicing
Connect With Us
CSS