http://www.elsevier.com/legal/cookienotice
Elsevier cookie notice
Skip to content
Home
Legal
Elsevier cookie notice
Elsevier cookie notice
Last updated: 7th May 2020This cookie notice provides you with information about how Elsevier uses "cookies", or similar technologies, on our websites and applications and other services (each, a "Service") to enable us to understand how you interact with our products, to show personalised advertisements on our websites and mobile apps and other websites, to improve your user experience, and to allow you to use certain features, such as information being transferred across our Services and sharing content via social networks or other communications channels.This notice also provides information about how third parties may use such technologies in association with the operation of our Services.About this Cookie NoticeThis cookie notice applies when you use any of our Services that refer or link to this notice. This notice may be supplemented by additional cookie notices, or terms, provided on certain areas of the Service or during our interactions with you.Use of Cookies by ElsevierCookies are small pieces of data (text files) that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit or applications you use. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites and applications work, or work more efficiently, and help them remember certain information about you, either for the duration of your visit (using a "session" cookie) or for repeat visits (using a "persistent" cookie).Below provides an overview of the first and third party cookies we use within our Services. Our Services are scanned with our cookie scanning tool regularly to maintain a list as accurate as possible. We classify cookies in the following categories:Strictly Necessary CookiesFunctional CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting CookiesThe categories of cookies used on this website are as follows:Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies do not store any directly identifiable information. However, they are necessary for the Service to function. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.  You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without these cookies, some or all of the services you have asked for may not work properly.Performance cookies:These are analytics and research cookies that allow us to count visits and measure traffic, so we can measure and improve the performance of our Services. They also help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site(s) or application(s). This helps us to improve the way our Services work and improve user experience. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies. Blocking these cookies will not affect the service provided you.Functionality cookies: These cookies allow our Services to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation such as remembering the choices you make and your account preferences and to provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without these cookies, some or all of the services you have asked for may not function properly.Targeting Cookies: These files, or, code may be included, either directly or from our advertising partners, on our website, in our emails, or, mobile applications to record how you interact with us, to help us better analyse and improve our services to you, and will use this information to make the website, and, any advertising displayed to you more relevant to your interests.  You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies. Blocking these cookies will not affect the service provided you but will limit the targeted advertising that you will see or limit our ability to tailor the website experience to your needs.How to refuse the use of cookiesYou can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies) by amending your choices via the “cookie preference centre” which is located on the footer of the corresponding website.You can also prevent your browser from accepting certain cookies, have the browser require your consent before a new cookie is placed in your browser, or block cookies altogether by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser privacy preferences menu.The links below will help you find the settings for some common browsers (please note that we are not responsible for the content of external websites):Manage cookie settings in Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOSManage cookie settings in Safari and Safari iOSManage cookie settings in FirefoxManage cookie settings in Internet ExplorerManage cookie settings in OperaManage cookie settings in Microsoft EdgeFor all other browsers, or, for alternative advice, help may be sought by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org, or, via your device user manual, or, online help files.Third Party Web Advertising ServicesOur Services may use various analytics providers, for example Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics, for the purposes of analysing visitor / customer site interactions including interactions with our online marketing campaigns.For information refer to:Google Privacy PolicyThe list of Google Ad-tech vendors we share data withTo opt out of Google Analytics tracking see: Google Analytics Opt OutAdobe Privacy CenterYou may also opt-out of other third-party web advertising services that provide personalised advertising based on your online activity.  You can also configure your web browser to delete and / or block the use of cookies for any third party (see Section 4 for further information).The following sites may be used to register your 3rd party opt-out preferences:click here or here for the U.S.click here for Canadaclick here for the EUclick here for AustraliaPlease note: Clicking the links above will redirect you to the appropriate third-party website. We are not responsible for the content of external websites. Opting out of Advertising Cookies will not remove advertising from the pages you visit; instead it means the ads you will see may not be matched to your interests.ChangesWe will update this cookie notice from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. If we make any material changes, we will provide notice through the Service or by other means.ContactFor more information on our collection and use of the personal information, including details regarding your rights, please refer to our Privacy Policy.If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests concerning this cookie notice or our processing of your information, please contact:Data Protection Officer, Elsevier Limited, The Boulevard, Langford Lane, Kidlington, OX5 1GB, United Kingdom.You can also contact the Data Protection Officer of Elsevier through our Privacy Support Hub webform.Where it applies, you may also lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in the applicable jurisdiction.
Copyright © 2020 Elsevier, except certain content provided by third parties
Cookies are used by this site. Cookie Settings
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Sitemap
Elsevier.com visitor survey
We are always looking for ways to improve customer experience on Elsevier.com.
We would like to ask you for a moment of your time to fill in a short questionnaire, at the end of your visit.
If you decide to participate, a new browser tab will open so you can complete the survey after you have completed your visit to this website. Thanks in advance for your time.
Accept Decline