https://www.realnets.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Real Network Solutions, Inc (DBA Realnets’) Privacy Policy
The rapid growth of the Internet has brought with it a whole new set of issues regarding personal privacy. Realnets’ fully respects your privacy rights, and our policies reflect that commitment.
Customer Information
Realnets’ requires certain information at the time of signup and in the course of providing customer support. This information is necessary for us to provide quality service and support. This information is never released to others, unless we are ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction to do so. Realnets’ has never sold or rented customer lists or any other customer information, nor will Realnets’ ever do so.
Usage Information
Realnets’ monitors its connections and servers to ensure that our high standards of maintenance are met. Realnets’ does not monitor or record your activities online. We do not monitor which web sites you visit or look at what you put in written communications such as e-mails, news articles, or chat rooms. Realnets’ considers your email to be just as personal and private as your US Postal Service mail. Realnets’ staff will not look at or read your email unless it is necessary to resolve a technical issue. In almost all cases, we will clearly inform you of the need to do so, and we will seek your permission before opening your Realnets’ mailbox on our servers.
Civil Investigations
Realnets’ will not release a customer’s personal information or usage information to investigators, attorneys, or agencies unless we are directed to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction in the matter. If there is a hearing in court, the customer will be notified so they will have an opportunity to contest the surrender of personal information.
Be advised that customer information related to static IP allocations is publicly accessable without explicit permission or acknowledgement from Realnets’. REALNETS’ is required by ARIN to provide this information in real-time and currently makes available the company name and address of its customers receiving static IP allocations.
Criminal Investigations
Realnets’ cooperates fully with law enforcement agencies, yet there must still be a court order before Realnets’ surrenders customer information. The fourth amendment to the US Constitution requires a court order to conduct a search and seizure. Realnets’ will, when requested by law enforcement entities, acknowledge the existence of personal customer information, and when requested, provide the technical language to include in the court order, “particularly describing … the property to be seized.” In a criminal investigation, Realnets’ is under an order not to divulge the fact of the investigation to the customer.
Realnets
Private Alarm Contractor Agency License Number: 127.001783
100 Higgins Rd
Suite 100
Park Ridge, IL 60068
866.706.8022
info@realnets.com
Submit An RFPMain Navigation
Home
About
Contact
Employment Opportunities
Acceptable Usage Policy
Privacy Policy
Customer Portal
MANAGED SERVICES
Managed By Realnets™
PropTech By Realnets™
FEATURED INDUSTRIES
Healthcare IT Services
Manufacturing IT Services
Public Sector IT Services
Non-Profit IT Services
ON PREMISES
Network Infrastructure
Server And Application
Storage
Security
Firewall
Penetration Testing
Audio/Visual
Hyperconvergence Infrastructure
BUILDING SERVICES
Intercoms
Environmental Monitoring
CLOUD
Monitoring
Backup/Disaster Recovery
Virtualization
Cloud Migration Services
Productivity
CUSTOM CRITICAL
Data Recovery
Emergency Resources
Development Support (DevOps)
LAMP Migration
Application Instrumentation
WEB SERVICES
Britefish: A Division Of Realnets
Reputation Management
BUSINESS PLANNING
IT Policy Creation and Consulting
IT Audit Support
IT Budget Management
IT Contract Consulting
Acquisition Support
CLOUD SERVICES AND HOSTING
Microsoft Azure
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
ON PREMISE IT
Riverbed
Aruba
Cisco
Sophos
Polycom
SonicWall
HP/HPE
Microsoft
Supermicro
Synology
Datto
TrippLite
QNAP
DISPLAY/AUDIO
Bannervision
Brightsign
Samsung SSP
PRODUCTIVITY/SECURITY
Adobe Silver Partner
Microsoft CSP Azure/Office 365 Silver Partner
Microsoft Volume Partner