http://www.zrinity.com/privacy.cfm
Home  |  Contact
Zrinity is the leader in enterprise-class email marketing
management solutions and content management solutions for marketing professionals and developers worldwide.
Home
What We Offer
Solutions
Services
Resources
Company
Zrinity Inc. Privacy StatementThis document was last updated May 6, 2013.
Zrinity is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself. But, sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to all Zrinity Inc. sites, products and services.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering before entering a contest, ordering e-mail newsletters, joining a limited-access premium site, signing up for an event or training, or when purchasing and/or registering Zrinity products. Personal information collected by Zrinity often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
When you buy and install a new product, we may ask you to register your purchase electronically. We keep this
information on file with any information you've already given us on previous visits to our Web site.
Zrinity also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Zrinity.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To deliver services, such as newsletters, events, training or software, that you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Zrinity, if you so request.
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
We will merge site-visitation data with anonymous demographic information for research purposes, and we may use this information in aggregate to provide more relevant content. In some limited-entry sections of Zrinity, with your approval, we will combine site-visitation data with your personal information in order to provide you with personalized content. If you decline permission, we will not provide you the personalized service and won't merge your personal information with site-visitation data.
Zrinity may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Zrinity or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Zrinity and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Zrinity employees, users of Zrinity products or services, or members of the public.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or give us personal information, Zrinity will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the
exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Zrinity may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service or security issues related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
Access to your Personal Information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current.
If you register on a Zrinity or subscribe to a newsletter, you can review and edit your personal information when you login to Myaccount. You will be asked to enter your username and password before viewing your personal information.
At the Profile Center you can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us at Zrinity.
Tell us whether you want Zrinity to send you marketing information.
Subscribe, or cancel subscriptions, to newsletters about our services and products.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. One use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above.
We also use cookies to collect information on which newsletter links are clicked by customers. This information is used to ensure we are sending information customers want to read. It is collected in aggregate form and never linked with your personal information.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Zrinity Web site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact Zrinity.
Changes to this Statement
Zrinity will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, Zrinity will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
Contact Information
Zrinity welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement, please contact us.
home
products
services
partners
company
support
contact
Copyright 2020 © Zrinity Inc. All rights reserved.     View our privacy policy         December 11, 2020