http://www.efinitytech.com/privacy-policy-1.aspx
360.805.8483
Portfolio
Featured
Real Estate
Health & Fitness
Ecommerce
Construction
Manufacturing
Non Profit
View All
Services
Website Design
e-Commerce
Newsletters
SEO / SEM
Software Development
Website Development
Domain Registration
Mobile Apps
Content Management
Images & Documents
Dynamic Content
Hosting
Email
Mobile App FAQ
About
Our Team
Mark DeLong
Vaughan Seifert
Aaron McBroom
Jared Ackles
Dylan Thibault
Connor Low
Cordell Rudolph
Our Process
Mission & History
Testimonials
Blog
Contact
Support
Web Mail/Admin
iPhone Email Setup
Outlook Settings
Help Topics
Search Support
VSM Login
Subscribe
Newsletter Archive
Bill Pay
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for efinitytech.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
Bill Pay
We request information from you on our bill pay form. To pay us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's computer to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you have any questions please contact us at 360.805.8483 or from our contact form.
1129 W Main Street, #128, Monroe, WA 98272
All Rights Reserved. Using EfinityCMS
©2020 Efinity Technologies.