http://www.firecast.co.uk/terms
S - Skip navigation
N - Go to navigation
1 - Home
9 - Contact
This website uses cookies to give you the best online experience.
By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
To find out more about cookies, and how to disable them, please see
our Cookies Page.
Accept Cookies and Close
Menu
Close Menu
Home
Portfolio
Outsourcers
Ark Creative Design
Imagine Design Associates
Miller Design
Shoestring Media
Websites
AMTLogbook
Blindcorner
Remain United
Richards Blinds
True And Fair Foundation
True And Fair Campaign
SCM Private
Lead Not Leave
Yoga Frankie
Other
Other/Historical Projects
Firecast CMS
About
News
Contact
Other
Cookies
Cookies
Cookie Guide
Terms
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Firecast Web Solutions Logo
development
call on : 01536 525544
email : info@firecast.co.uk
Terms and Conditions
These are the Terms and Conditions of usage for visitors to this site.
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the Terms and Conditions of use as set out on
this page.
responsive web design
content management
database driven content
accessible markup
HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, PHP 5-7 ...
Terms and Conditions
Website usage terms and conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms
and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Firecast Web Solutions's relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'Firecast Web Solutions' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website. The term 'you' or 'user' refers to the user or viewer of
our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information
may be stored by us for use by third parties: name, gender, profession, contact details, personal details and preferences, machine
and browser details.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or
suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that
such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies
or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall
be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific
requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design,
layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms
part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the
website.
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed on this site please notify us. We accept no liability
for infringements as a result of user generated content but we will take reasonable action to remove such content where possible.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for, and will not be liable
for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
We reserve the right to refuse, suspend or cancel your access to the site at any time and without notice.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide
further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked
website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland,
Scotland and Wales.
Copyright notice
This website and its content are copyright of Firecast Web Solutions and our contributors (Except for linked content).
All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
You may refer to and quote from the content for review or reference purposes within the limits of "fair dealing", but
only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with the express written permission of Firecast Web Solutions, distribute or commercially exploit the content.
Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
100% carbon neutral hosting options
Standards and Guidelines
Semantic coding
Web accessibility
Website Development
True and Fair Foundation
AMTLogbook
Contact
01536 525544
info@firecast.co.uk
© Copyright 2020 Firecast Web Solutions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms & Conditions