http://www.goforit.com/privacy
Search this sitePrivacyInformation Collected From This SiteMarketWorks LLC collects personally identifiable information from our site visitors at several different points on this web service.
You are not required to complete a registration or contact form and/or create a username and password in order to use this Web site.When you visit this site, some information, including your Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, demographic and click stream data may be collected automatically as part of the site’s operation. On some occasions we may ask you to provide information on online forms. For example, we may ask for your full name, telephone number, email address and postal address, or other information for you to communicate with us, to register for promotions or to take surveys online. We may also ask you about your age, hobbies, income, gender or other information to participate in surveys or other online activities. Providing information on online forms is always voluntary and you are free not to complete any online forms. If you choose not to, however, some Website features may not be available to you.How We Use Your InformationThe information collected online is stored indefinitely and is used for various purposes, including customer service, Web site development and enhancements and marketing analysis. You must Opt-In to receive any promotional materials from MarketWorks LLC. We will not contact you or notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information unless you specifically request such information. We do not share your personally identifying information and/or individual personal profile with third party content providers, affiliates, or other entities.SurveysFrom time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name address, telephone number, email address), and demographic information (such as country, state and/or zip code). We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.Log FilesFor each visitor to this site, Google's servers automatically collect certain information and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We may use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. We may at some point use a third-party log-file monitoring service to provide us with accurate user information and click stream data. This information is only used internally, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for you. We do not share your individual personal profile with third parties.Third-Party WebsitesThis site contains hyperlinks to third-party Websites (parties other than MarketWorks LLC). Selection of these links will redirect you to a third-party Website. MarketWorks LLC does not control any third party websites and is not responsible for their content, products and/or services or their privacy practices, nor does MarketWorks LLC’s inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites imply any association with the operators or owners of any third party Web site or any endorsement of the products, services, content or material contained on and/or accessed by you on/or through any third party web site. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only. You are responsible for choosing to access this website as well as any hyperlink contained herein. Following any hyperlinks contained within this Web site is at your own risk and is your responsibility. You are responsibly to read and understand the terms of service, privacy practices, content policies and purchase agreements of these sites and direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or Webmaster of that third party Web site.Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our site.Access To Personally Identifiable InformationIf you do not want us to store your Personally Identifiable Information, you can have us remove the information by emailing us, or you may contact us at MarketWorks LLC, 2950 Newmarket St. #101-201, Bellingham, WA 98226 to be removed from our database.SecurityThe security of your personal information is very important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our site, you can send an email to us.Business TransitionsIn the event MarketWorks LLC goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You may be notified via email as well as a prominent notice on our Website (posted for 30 days) of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.Changes In This Privacy StatementIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or we may notify you by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.Report abuseReport abuse