http://www.inducomp.com/legal/1
Products Services PartnersSupport Info
636-257-2111
DiscoverInnovative and reliable products for your business
Industrial
TabletArmor
Kiosk
AtlasPower
DiscoverSERVICES that provide end to end results.
Software Integration
Custom Design & Integration
Deployment Services
Optical Bonding
3D Printing
Plastic Injection
Custom Metal & Plastic Fabrication
Mobile Device Management
Supply Chain
DiscoverOutstanding SUPPORT is the foundation for products and services.
Tech Support
Warranties
Return (RMA)
DiscoverNeed INFORMATION, Call, E-mail, Ship or Visit Us.
About Us
Contact Us
636-257-2111
INDUCOMP Online Policies
Privacy Policy
Skip Navigation Links
Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsRMA Terms & ConditionsFile Upload Policy
Global Privacy Policy
At INDUCOMP, helping you manage privacy and the protection of personal information is among our primary concerns. That's why, when you choose INDUCOMP, we help you maintain control over personal information about you. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during your experience with our company through any means, such as when you use our web sites, interact with us through our products and other services, when we speak with you over the telephone, and if you work directly with our technical support teams.
This privacy statement governs only personal information we collect from our customers and online from our web site users ("you"), through INDUCOMP products, services, software, web sites, contacts or our relationship with you. Please refer to your warranty statements, service contracts, or INDUCOMP's Return Policy for policies that apply to information contained on storage media returned or downloaded to INDUCOMP.
For the purposes of this privacy statement, "corporate affiliates" means any entity or joint venture that is wholly or partially owned or controlled by INDUCOMP Corporation/INDUCOMP Inc. "Business partners" means any subcontractor, vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products, services or information. "Personal information" means information which identifies you, such as your name, telephone number, and e-mail address. In some cases, the policy may be tailored to account for variances in law in a particular country. However, this policy is intended to be global in nature.
Information We Collect
We collect the information you give us in order to provide you products and services, inform you about our products and fulfill your orders and service requests.
We may work with consumer marketing companies to help us better target our services and product communications to you.
We use cookies and other Internet technologies to manage our web sites and e-mail programs, to offer you personalized experiences and to help us manage our web sites.
When you access our web sites, we will log your IP address in our web server logs. We also collect related information such as browser type, operating system, and Web pages visited to help manage our web sites.
How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information to deliver the services and support, or to carry out the transactions you have requested.
We use the information collected to send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transactions status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from INDUCOMP and its corporate affiliates, promotional offers and surveys.
We use the information to customize, analyze, and improve our products, services (including our web site), technologies, communications and relationship with you.
We use the information to enforce our conditions of sale, web site terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you.
We use information to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities.
Your Choices
You may instruct INDUCOMP to stop sending you certain promotional materials (e.g., e-mail messages, catalogues) by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in our materials.
Email info@inducomp.com to unsubscribe from (opt out of) direct mail, telephone, fax or e-mail communications.
You may choose to view or edit your personal information has been stored online by visiting the My Account section of the INDUCOMP.com web site. For the security of your account, you will be required to sign in with your login ID and password.
You may contact INDUCOMP to determine the types of personal information that we process and to correct or update your personal information.
Protecting Personal Information
We understand the importance of ensuring that your personal information is secure and protected. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.
Disclosing Personal Information
We share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request or to make our business or that of our corporate affiliates more responsive to your needs.
We may share your personal information with business partners that help INDUCOMP carry out transactions you request or that help INDUCOMP to customize, analyze and/or improve our communications or relationship with you, and then only with business partners who share INDUCOMP's commitment to protecting your personal information.
We may disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action as required by law or regulation, or if INDUCOMP reasonably believes it is necessary to protect INDUCOMP, its customers or the public.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to other third parties unless you have provided consent.
Other Important Information
INDUCOMP is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of complaints or concerns about privacy.
INDUCOMP complies with data protection laws in the countries in which we do business, and we cooperate with data protection authorities and law enforcement agencies.
How to Contact Us
At INDUCOMP, your questions, comments and feedback are very important to us. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at privacy@inducomp.com or write to us at:
INDUCOMP
Attention: Privacy
1265 Jefferson St.
Pacific, MO 63069
USA
DiscoverIndustrialTabletArmorKioskAtlasPowerCommunicationContact UsTech SupportRMAFollow Us
InformationCareersEventsPoliciesSite MapWM PortalAddressINDUCOMP Coporation1265 Jefferson StreetPacific, MO 63069P: (636) 257-2111F: (636) 257-2332
Copyright © 2016 - 2020 INDUCOMP Corporation. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.