https://www2.cricketstatz.com/ss/privacy.aspx
Privacy Statement for Cricket Statz
Cricket Statz takes safeguarding online privacy seriously. Please read the following to understand Cricket Statz's privacy practices.
From time to time, Cricket Statz may need to change its privacy statement because of changes in its business, or in its attempts to serve your needs
better. Cricket Statz will use reasonable efforts to publish any changes to its privacy statement.
What information does Cricket Statz gather?
Cricket Statz will need to gather specific personal information from you. Your email address is required since it is used to provide your login identifier and send you
lost passwords.
Your name is required so that we can address you in any correspondance.
Player names are required for match scorecard reports and statistical reports.
Your country is required so that Cricket Statz can know what hemisphere your competition plays in and format the seasons appropriately.
Information that is essential for Cricket Statz to provide the services and/or products that are requested by you is designated as "Required". We gather IP addresses when
you login to the service so that it can help with any investigations on illegal access or mis-use of the service.
Additional information, such as date of birth, that would allow Cricket Statz to provide additional reporting on oldest and youngest players and to identify players
with idential names, is generally indicated as "Optional".
The choice of how much personally identifiable information you disclose to Cricket Statz is
completely at your discretion, although not disclosing optional information may limit the services that Cricket Statz is able to offer.
How does Cricket Statz use personal information?
When you submit personal information to Cricket Statz, you understand that you are agreeing to allow Cricket Statz, its subsidiaries, and its
affiliates, access to, storage of, and processing of, the data in any of the countries where Cricket Statz, its subsidiaries, and its affiliates,
do business. Cricket Statz may use the personal information you submit for any purposes related to Cricket Statz's business, including,
but not limited to, providing the service and notifying you of product upgrades and updates, new products, special offers and any other changes
within Cricket Statz that may affect you.
What choices do you have about how your personal information is used and what is Cricket Statz's commitment to data quality and reliability?
Cricket Statz respects your privacy and realises that not everyone likes to receive special offers or information. If you would like your name
deactivated from Cricket Statz's lists, or if you would like to unsubscribe from Cricket Statz's e-mail bulletins, please use the
contact information below to request that Cricket Statz deactivate you from its lists. Be sure to include your name, email address,
information contained in your Cricket Statz mailer, and/or other necessary information requested for deactivation. If you believe that
Cricket Statz may not have your correct and current personal information, you may update your information any time by using the contact
information below to inform Cricket Statz of changes in your personal information. Cricket Statz will use reasonable efforts to honour
your requests, but we appreciate your patience in allowing us a reasonable amount of time for processing.
Cricket Statz also respects your right to access, rectify and erase your personal data. While the content of the service is provided by our users, we will put you in
touch with your database user/administrator so that you can request to access, rectify or erase any personal information.
Please use the contact information below to lodge your request.
Does Cricket Statz share the information that it gathers with third parties?
Cricket Statz does not share personal data with third parties.
Does Cricket Statz share the information that it gathers with government agencies or law enforcement?
Cricket Statz reserves the right to monitor, and disclose to, government officials or law enforcement, without your consent, any communications and personally identifiable information, whenever prompted to do so, by legal authorities, even when you have requested that your information not be disclosed to third parties.
What is Cricket Statz's commitment to data security?
Cricket Statz recognises your concern for security, and will use reasonable efforts to limit access
to databases containing personal information to authorised personnel only.
Does Cricket Statz use cookies?
"Cookies" give users a unique, random ID by storing small text files onto a user's computer hard drive with the user's browser. Cookies enable
a web site to track a user's activities on a web site. For example, Cricket Statz uses cookies on various pages to maintain session
information to allow you to move between parts of the web site without the need to re-login.
Do your advertisers use cookies?
Cricket Statz may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information
(not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this
and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. They regularly use cookies to achieve
this. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, then click here.
What are Cricket Statz's contact procedures?
If you believe Cricket Statz has not adhered to its privacy statement, if you would like to be deactivated from Cricket Statz's lists,
or if you would like to update your personal information, you may notify Cricket Statz via our support team. Cricket Statz will use reasonable efforts to promptly resolve any issues.