http://xfrog.com/company/privacy-policy
Testimonials
Distribution License
Contact
About
Clients
Partners
History
Research
People
Terms and Conditions
Order Fulfillment
Privacy Policy
Pin It
Privacy Policy
Xfrog is committed to your privacy and we make our information policies transparent.
On this page we detail the following privacy issues related to usage of our website:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
What information do we collect?
Xfrog Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Xfrog Inc. collects information from our customers at several different points on our website:
We collect information from you when you register as a customer in our shop, or in our Xfrog User forum, or when you fill out a trial software download form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience – your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service – your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will be used to send you information and the download links pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include an unsubscribe opt-out at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and whom are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your credit cards information will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. If you are unable to complete any order in our website, please call us at 1.310.456.1704, to complete your order.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track customer’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Registration
No registration is required in order to use this website, although a customer may elect to create an account prior to any purchase. Such an account speeds up return visits to the shop. During account creation a customer is requested to give their name, shipping address, email address, and a password. This information is used to contact our customers about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest or ordered. It is optional for a customer to provide a phone number, but encouraged so we can have another means to contact you regarding your order.
Ordering
We request information from our customers on our order form. Here a customer must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
How to correct any inaccuracies with your Information and California Online Privacy Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we identify how to change the information we keep.
We only keep information about you, in two possible “opt-in” places. Those are, our Xfrog User Forum, and our Xfrog Shop(if you have registered as a Customer). To make any changes to either of these “opt-in” information collections, at anytime, please log into xfrog.com/forum, and Select ‘User Control Panel’ and ‘Edit Profile’ page, to change your address information. Or, to create or edit your customer shipping information, (for quick return visits checkout in our Xfrog Shop), please go to xfrog.com/shop.html, and Select ‘Account’ then ‘Login’ to edit your address details. Please note, we do not keep any of your credit card information in our Xfrog Shop (or anywhere on our servers).
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at xfrog.com/company/terms-conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time we may be required or need to make changes our privacy policy, and we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Modification Date
This policy was last modified on 8/19/2012
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy please contact us:
Xfrog Inc.
8010 Padre Ln
Los Angeles, CA 90046
USA
support@xfrog.zendesk.com
(323) 798-4602
About | Terms and Conditions | Order Fulfillment | Privacy Policy | Distribution License | Contact Us
© 2020 Xfrog | Subscribe RSS | Receive Newsletter
Credit Card Processing