https://xplor.org/privacypolicy/
Xplor International respects the privacy of its customers, members, and those visiting its website and has adopted this privacy policy in order to highlight the importance of privacy. This policy, which discloses ways in which Xplor gathers and distributes information, may change at any time. Any changes will be posted on this website within this policy.Collected Information It is Xplor’s general policy to collect only such personal data as our members, registrants and other visitors knowingly provide. Xplor does not collect personal information from those merely browsing this website. Most information collected on the website is used to better enable Xplor to serve its members and customers.Those joining Xplor International as members, or registering for Xplor conferences and other activities on this website provide personal information as requested for those actions. The categories of personally identifiable information collected may include names, titles, companies and their addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and e-mail addresses. Individuals are requested to provide similar information when they sign up via  offline methods. In addition, in order to access the members-only restricted access portion of the website, the portal, members are requested to provide certain information.Xplor does not market to minors and does not knowingly collect personal information from minors on Xplor Web sites.Access In order to use many features of Xplor Web sites, you may be asked to create or provide a user name and pass code, which is used to determine whether you are an Xplor member.Use of Information Xplor uses the data collected to improve its services to members and for marketing purposes which also relate to the provision of goods and services to members, customers, and registrants.Xplor members and non-members will receive electronic and printed communications regarding the Xplor Global Conference & Exhibit, E-Document Newsletter, Region and Chapter events, member elections, and other information necessary to provide membership or marketing services. By the action of obtaining an Xplor membership or registering for an Xplor event, whether physical or online, these communications are delivered as part of your registration.Xplor reserves the right to provide attendee information to exhibitors and sponsors.  Information from attendees who “opt out will not be distributed or shared with exhibitors and/or sponsors.Usage Tracking We may monitor how you use our Web sites including search terms you enter, pages visited and documents viewed. If you are a registered user, this information is stored with your registration information. It is unique-number identifiable, and is used solely for purposes of enabling us to provide you with a personalized Web site experience. Aggregated (not personally identifiable) forms of this data may also be used in order to help us understand areas for future research and to identify future features and functions to develop for the Web sites.This data may also be used by Xplor, in the aggregate, to identify appropriate membership offerings.Purchases and Fulfillment When you place an order or register for an Xplor event, we may request additional information such as credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for confirmation and billing purposes. The contact information you provide is used to service the order. Also, when you register for an event, we may request additional information about your hotel, meal and other travel preferences. This information is used only for the specific event.Xplor uses third-party service providers such as credit card processing companies, shipping companies, mailing houses and event coordinators together with other service providers as required to satisfy customer requests.When you register for an Xplor event, we provide necessary information to hotels and to facilities hosting events. These parties are allowed to use that personal information only to provide services relevant to the event.Updating Personal Information and Opting Out If you are a member of Xplor International, and your personal information changes, you may update it at any time by emailing info@xplor.org with the subject line UPDATED INFORMATION or by logging into the Member’s Portal.As an Xplor member or non-member, you have the right to opt-out from Xplor marketing communications. You may opt out from marketing communications by using the opt-out/unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email or by contacting info@xplor.org with OPT OUT in the email subject line. Please keep in mind that if you opt out, you will not receive any marketing communications from Xplor, its affiliates, or third-parties. This includes event communications even if you registered for an event after you opted out. You may, however, still receive personal communications from the Xplor staff, unrelated to marketing communications.Opting out will also remove you from Xplor sharing your information to any third-party companies.Use of “Cookies” “Cookies” are pieces of data that a website may send for storage by your web browser on your computer’s hard drive. When a user registers on the Xplor website, the user may be asked whether a cookie may be attached. If the user declines, the user may not have full access to the website. Registration, and attachment of a cookie, allows the website to provide more relevant information to the user. Xplor does not use cookies to distribute or analyze information about the user.Security Xplor provides its users with a secure online experience. To do this, we use a variety of security measures to maintain the safety and confidentiality of personal information about you. All user registration information is contained behind a firewall and is accessible only by Xplor employees, authorized contractors, and volunteers who have signed nondisclosure agreements with Xplor. The database is protected behind a firewall.Links Xplor’s website may contain links to websites not within the Xplor domain. Xplor is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such sites. We encourage our users to be aware of when they leave our sites and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Xplor web-sites.The Xplor website utilizes Cvent, Inc. for event registrations and therefore often links to this specific third-party site. We are providing the privacy policy for Cvent, Inc. solely for your convenience which can be read here: http://www.cvent.com/en/privacy-policy.shtmlNotification of Policy Changes; Effective Date We will notify members and other users about material changes to our privacy policy by posting the privacy policy as changed on our website. Thus, users of the website may want to periodically review the policy for changes.The effective date of the current privacy policy is April 19, 2016.Contact Xplor If you have any additional questions, please contact Xplor International Headquarters at +1-813-949-6170.SPONSORS Platinum Gold Gold Silver SilverXPLOR DELIVERS!Click To Order!Recent Posts Xplor International Announces 2021 Programming #XPLOR20 Announces Final Lineup of Vendor Forum Participants AI is an enabler of Customer Communications Transformation and Modernization PODCAST: #XPLOR20 Goes Virtual with Skip Henk, President/CEO XPLOR20 to Feature General Session Panel to Kick Off Third Day of Virtual Event Recent Tweets Tweets by @Xplor_Int Community LinksOutput Links • In-Plant Graphics • Printing Impressions • PrintMediaCentr • WhatTheyThink Latest NewsXplor International Announces 2021 ProgrammingDecember 2, 2020 - 6:24 pm#XPLOR20 Announces Final Lineup of Vendor Forum ParticipantsSeptember 15, 2020 - 6:32 pmXPLOR20 to Feature General Session Panel to Kick Off Third Day of Virtual EventAugust 26, 2020 - 5:45 pmAbout UsXplor International, also known as Xplor® and The Electronic Document Systems Association®, was incorporated in 1981 as a not-for-profit association.
Xplor’s global network of regions and chapters are directed, organized, and governed by its members and represents thousands of professionals around the world.FacebookTwitterLinkedinRss
Scroll to top