http://yohost.com/terms/privacy.htm
YoHost Privacy Policy
YoHost
is firmly committed to the privacy of our clients. We have developed
the following policy to disclose the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this site.
For purposes of this document, "client" refers to a
law-abiding individual or entity that uses the YoHost service in
accordance with our terms of service. This policy should not be
construed to protect anyone who engages in fraudulent activity.
We collect certain
information from clients for billing and administrative functions. None of
the information collected for these functions is provided to any outside
party for any reason.
From time to time
we receive inquiries for examples of sites hosted by our service. If you
would like to have your site available for such use, please contact
support@yohost.com.
No information other than your sitename will be provided to the individual
making the inquiry. Personal information that may be displayed on the
client site is the responsibility of the client.
Security measures
are in place to protect against loss, alteration, or misuse of data
collected. Clients are responsible for ensuring that only they or their
authorized designees utilize their accounts. suspected incidents of
unauthorized use of a client account should be reported immediately to our
Abuse Investigations department at
support@yohost.com
for attention.
Domain registration:
With the exception of password and credit card information,
the information you submit to register a domain name
will be publicly available due
to the nature of the domain registration process.
Domain registrations are processed by Dotster and
subject to their registration agreement.
This site contains
links to resources outside the YoHost web site.
YoHost is not responsible for the content of those
sites.
Questions
regarding the policy outlined in this document should be addressed to
support@yohost.com.
Physical mail should be sent to:YoHost.com,
190 Walnut Ave #301Santa Cruz, CA 95060
Copyright © 2002-2020 YoHost.com
terms
privacy
contact