https://zanet.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome Privacy Policy
Data gathered by this website
This paragraph displays our Privacy Policy. We gather and use limited information about individuals who use this website. We use this information to provide products and services; to enable certain website functions; to better understand how visitors use this website; and to present timely and relevant information to visitors.
We may collect the following information:
Website usage dataUser data such as your IP address and details of your browser and device
Data you send to us voluntarily via our contact forms
This website may collect the following information via its contact and enquiry form features (use of these features is optional):
Your nameYour email address The name and website address of your companyOther written information related to your enquiry that you provide
Privacy Policy Data –
How we use this data
Collecting this data helps us to understand what you are looking for from the company and to improve our products and services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal recordsTo improve our products and servicesFor contacting you in response to a specific enquiryFor Improving and customising the website for youTo send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to youTo contact you via email
We will not share your personal information with or sell it to third-party marketers.
Our service partners
We may use the following third-party service providers named below to process and store your data inline with our privacy policy :
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC), which we use to manage email marketing subscriber lists and send emails to our subscribers. Read their privacy policy.Google LLC, which provides Google Analytics service to measure the performance of this website
We will not share your personal information with any other third-party.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed in accordance with the UK’s Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
How to make a request about your data
You can contact us to ask us what data we hold about you, who has access to it and how it is being used. We will also delete any data about you that we hold if you ask us to.
To make a request about anything in our privacy policy please contact us at info@zanet.co.uk
Cookies and how we use them
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer or device, which enables our website to identify your computer or device as you view our website pages. Cookies allow websites to store your preferences and track how websites are used.
We may use cookies to:
Record website usage dataIdentify whether you are signed into our websiteTest content on our websiteRecognise when you return to our website
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer. You can use your web browser’s settings to refuse cookies if you wish.
Links to external websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. We have no control of websites outside of zanet.co.uk. We are not responsible for the content of other websites, or for the protection or privacy of data you submit to them.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok