http://zpay.com/privacystatement.html
HomeDownloadPurchaseProductsSupportTutorialsPartnersContact
ZPAY Privacy Statement(last updated: January 2020)
ZPAY is committed to protecting your privacy. This ZPAY Privacy Statement applies to ZPAY's family of Web sites and governs data collection and usage at all ZPAY sites and services. Please read the ZPAY Privacy Statement below. ZPAY is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Privacy Statement. Collection of your Personal InformationZPAY collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Some ZPAY services, such as the ZPAY Support BBS, request that you create a social nickname, which is the name you will be known by to others in those public places. You may select a different social nickname at any time. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information through the ZPAY Support BBS, this information may be collected and used by others. ZPAY cautions you against giving out personal information to strangers online, which they may use for illegal or harmful purposes. ZPAY encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ZPAY so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. ZPAY is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ZPAY family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationZPAY and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to operate ZPAY and deliver the services you have requested. ZPAY does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, without your explicit consent. ZPAY also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from ZPAY and its affiliates. ZPAY may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. ZPAY does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ZPAY may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Certain ZPAY services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both ZPAY and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services. In such cases, either a joint privacy statement or a link to the other company's privacy statement will be provided, which will provide you with information about how the other company will use the information and how you can contact the other company with requests to access the information or other inquiries. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. ZPAY may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the ZPAY site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ZPAY, including its ZPAY family of Web sites; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ZPAY services or members of the public. Security of your Personal InformationZPAY is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Use of Cookies ZPAY uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize ZPAY's pages, or register with ZPAY sites or services, a cookie helps ZPAY to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as the Support BBS logon and settings, and so on. When you return to ZPAY, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the ZPAY features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ZPAY services or Web sites you visit. Changes to this StatementZPAY will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. When ZPAY posts changes to this Statement, you will see the word "updated" next to the Privacy Statement link on the front page of ZPAY. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how ZPAY will use your personal information, ZPAY will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. ZPAY encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ZPAY is protecting your information.Contact InformationZPAY welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that ZPAY has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ZPAY by telephone, e-mail, or postal mail.ZPAY PrivacyZPAY Payroll Systems, Inc.10745 Serenity LnSavanna, IL 61074-2916813-273-2322 Support@zpay.com
1983 - 2020 With Over 35 Years Of Great Payroll Software! Copyright © 1983 - 2020 by ZPAY Payroll Systems, Inc.