http://ztec.ca/privacy-policy
Z-TEC Automation Systems Inc.
PRODUCTS
PRINTING
MONITORING
ALL IN ONE
ABOUT
RESULTS
SUPPORT
RESOURCES
TESTIMONIALS
CONTACT
Phone Phone: 604-881-2203
Text Message Send a text message
Email
Send us an email
Contact Customer Service
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Z-Tec Automation Systems Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.ztec.ca and http://www.ztec.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Z-Tec Automation Systems Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Z-Tec Automation Systems Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
Z-Tec Product Line
Get a free quote
WinJet II Flyer
Download PDF Flyer
Featured Case Study
Vision Systems
A major softwood manufacturer approached Z-Tec about inspecting the grade stamps on the lumber produced in the mill. The driving force behind the idea was reducing manpower in the sorter area, resulting in no manual inspection of the grade stamps to ensure good quality of stamps and no miss-stamping...
keep reading
YouTube
Subscribe to our E-Newsletter: