http://185.4.48.18/~williamb/wwjfc_blog/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – West Winch William Burt Junior FC
Club Officials & Teams
Club Code of Conduct
Child Protection Policy
Where to find us
Sponsors
Gallery
Privacy Policy
West Winch William Burt Junior FC
Menu
Skip to content
Club Officials & Teams
Club Code of Conduct
Child Protection Policy
Where to find us
Sponsors
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give to us when you become a member of the West Winch Junior Football Club.
We are committed to ensuring that privacy of players and parents/guardians is protected and we will never release those personal details to any third party without your express consent. When you complete an application to join the Club certain personal information is collected from you (for example: your name, address and contact details). You can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and surname
Current Address
Phone numbers
Email address
Any health concerns
Emergency contact details
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to administer your membership and to provide the products and services you have requested from us and provide you with a better service for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Contacting you with relevant JFC Club correspondence.
The Club will retain your personal information on our Club membership database for the duration of your membership.
We take your privacy seriously and all such information is held on secure servers. The Club complies with all applicable Data Protection Regulations. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this policy and will notify you accordingly.
This policy is effective from 24/05/2018
Under General Data Protection Regulations you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you think there is a problem  in the way your data is being handled.
Search
Recent Posts
Race night – Friday 23rd March
Summer Festival 2018 details
Under 11s looking for players
Social Media
FA Charter Standard
Thinkuknow eSafety campaign
Archives
March 2018
January 2018
August 2017
Sporty free WordPress Sports Theme
Powered By WordPress