https://3rddegree.net/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://3rddegree.net.
This website if owned, operated, and edited by A. Buzz Carrick
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Social Media Plugin “Shariff Wrapper”
On our website we offer you the possibility to use so called “Social Media Buttons”. To protect your data, we use a solution called “Shariff”. Hereby the share buttons are implemented as static images, which contain a link to the corresponding social network site. If you click on such a button, you will be redirected to the respective social network site in the same way, as normal links would do as well. Only in that moment of time the provider of the social network site will get information about you, for example your IP address. If you do not click on such a share button, no data will be transmitted. Information about the collection and usage of your date on the social network sites can be found in the corresponding terms of use of the respective provider. More information about the plugin and the Shariff solution can be found here: https://wordpress.org/plugins/shariff/
On our website we offer share buttons for the following services / companies: Facebook, Patreon, Reddit, and Twitter.
Patreon features in this website
In order to enable you to use this website with Patreon services, we save certain functionally important Patreon information about you in this website if you log in with Patreon.
These include your Patreon user id, Patreon username, your first, last names and your vanity name. Additionally, the id of your campaign at Patreon and your campaign’s Patreon URL are also saved.
If you request that your data be deleted from this website, this data will also be deleted and Patreon functionality will not work. You would need to register on this website and log in to this website with Patreon again in order to re-populate this data and have Patreon functionality working again.
Like this:Like Loading...
Podcast Latest Episode
3rd Degree the Podcast #88
This week on 3rd Degree the Podcast your intrepid trio of Peter Welpton, Dan Crooke, and Buzz Carrick breakdown the playoff loss to the Seattle Sounders. They take apart the game and dissect the FC Dallas performance including the good and the bad. Plus a little extra spice with the North Texas SC roster purge,…
https://3rddegree.podiant.co/e/3918082a8de276/primary.mp3
Support 3rd Degree
Get access to exclusive content!
Metroplex Pro Soccer News MLS
FC Dallas
USL League One
North Texas Soccer Club
NPSL
Dallas City FC
Denton Diablos
Fort Worth Vaqueros
Irving FC
USL League Two
Texas United FC
Special ThanksFeatures and Histories
3rd Degree Features
Depth Chart | FC Dallas
Depth Chart | North Texas SC
North Texas Soccer Pyramid
Player Salaries | FC Dallas
Roster Dance | FCD & NTXSC
Why Soccer Numbers Matter
FC Dallas & North Texas SC History
1996 Dallas Burn
25th Season Top 5s
All-Time Numeric Roster | FCD
All-Time Numeric Roster | NTXSC
Best XI | Academy Products (2020)
Best XI | FC Dallas (2017)
Brimstone Cup | Best Moments
Golden Boot Winners
Homegrown, P-40, & GA Players
Jerseys | FC Dallas
Jerseys | North Texas SC
Lamar Hunt US Open Cup
MLS Logos
Non-MLS Competitions
Texas Soccer Walk of Fame
The Number 14
Trophy Room
Year by Year | FC Dallas
Year by Year | North Texas SC
3rd Degree Twitter FeedMy TweetsArchives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
March 2019
September 2018
May 2015
December 2012
September 2011
June 2006
April 2006
July 2004
June 2001
October 1997
More InformationAbout 3rd Degree
The KickAround
Privacy Policy
Advertising Opportunities
Brimstone Cup
Disclaimer
Soccer News TopicsSoccer News Topics
Select Category
3rd Degree Burn
3rd Degree the Podcast
Book Review
College Soccer
Richland College
SMU
Dallas Cup
eMLS
FCD Women
FIFA
Gaming
International Soccer
Major League Soccer
FC Dallas
MASL
Dallas Sidekicks
Mesquite Outlaws
NASL
Dallas Tornado
NISA
NPSL
Dallas City FC
Denton Diablos
Diablos Estudiantes
Fort Worth Vaqueros
Irving FC
NTX Rayados
Outside The Box
Power Rankings
Practice Observations
Roja League
Roster Rankings
The Breakdown
Top 10
Toyota Stadium
Uncategorized
UPSL
US National Teams
US Open Cup
USL
North Texas SC
Texas United FC
WPSL
SouthStar FC
Youth and Academy
Dallas Texans
FCD Academy
FCD Youth
Solar SC
Admin
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Home
Podcast
Youtube
Twitter
Instagram
Merchandise
Patreon
%d bloggers like this: