https://ab.edu/about-abu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Alderson Broaddus University.
Home » About AB » AB Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy – Alderson Broaddus University
1. Introduction
1.1 Alderson Broaddus University recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy and the information that you share with us. Described below is our policy on the collection, use, disclosure, maintenance, and protection of personal information that you provide to us through this website. Alderson Broaddus University is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to http://ab.edu/.
1.2 This privacy policy applies to the personal data of visitors to http://ab.edu/.
1.3 Alderson Broaddus University does not share personal data with non-affiliated third parties, except as necessary during the normal course of business.
1.4 When we obtain personal information from you, we will provide you with the opportunity to “opt-out” of any use of your information in ways unrelated to fulfilling your requests for information or processing your application for admission. If you later decide to “opt-out” of such uses, you may do so by contacting us at the following address: support@admissions.ab.edu.
If you would like to be excluded from direct marketing communications or file a complaint, you can specify your preferences by contacting us at: support@admissions.ab.edu.
1.5 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Alderson Broaddus University
2. Your Personal Data
2.1 Section 2 specifies:
(a) Types of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c) the legal basis for processing the data.The information that we collect from you through this website will vary depending upon how you use the website and what information you choose to provide to us. Generally, we collect any information that you provide to us through online registrations and applications, participating in games and other activities, posting information on bulletin boards, or other forms of correspondence.
We use information collected from you for four general purposes: to personalize your
online experience when using this website, to send you personalized correspondence, to fulfill your requests for certain information, and to process your application for admission.
2.2 Alderson Broaddus University may process data about your use of our website (“website usage data”). This data may include your geographical location, IP address, length of visit, operating system, browser type and version, referral source, page views and website navigation paths, as well as data related to the frequency, timing, and pattern of your use of our website. We may also use “cookies” or “scripts” to collect information about your use of the website. You may adjust your Internet browser to disable the use of cookies and scripts; however, some features of this website may not be available without the use of cookies and scripts. This website usage data is collected for the purpose of analyzing usage of our website. The legal basis for this data collection and processing is the legitimate business interest of Alderson Broaddus University, namely monitoring and improving the performance of our website.
2.3 Alderson Broaddus University may process your personal identification information (“personal data”). Personal data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, images, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests, hobbies, educational details, employment details, etc. The legal basis for this processing includes the legitimate business interests of Alderson Broaddus University, namely the proper management of customer relationships.
2.4 Alderson Broaddus University may process any of your personal data as necessary for the establishment, exercise, and/or defense of legal claims. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights, and the legal rights of others.
2.5 Alderson Broaddus University may process your social security number and any of your personal data as necessary for background checks and credit reports. You are not legally required to provide your social security number; However, we will be unable to process your background check and/or credit report without this information, which is as a requirement for the accuracy of these transactions. The legal basis for processing background checks and credit reports is our legitimate business interests, namely determining risk of loss. Alderson Broaddus University is committed to safeguarding all personal data of our customers.
2.6 Alderson Broaddus University may process your credit card when tendered for payment of application fees, class registrations, etc. Processing is handled via our trusted third-party gateway. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate business interests, namely securing payment for services rendered.
2.7 Alderson Broaddus University may process any of your personal data where necessary for the purpose of risk management, including obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, obtaining professional advice, etc. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate business interests, namely securing proper protection against risks.
2.8 In addition to the specific purposes listed in Section 2, Alderson Broaddus University may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary in order to protect our vital interests, your vital interests, or the vital interests of another person.
3. Data Sharing
3.1 Alderson Broaddus University may disclose your personal data within our organization insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. We do not disclose any personal information collected from you other than to our agents and contractors for the purposes described above. We may, however, disclose information concerning our website and its users in aggregate, non-personally identifiable form.
3.2 Your personal data may be disclosed to our insurers, professional advisers, and as stated in Section 2 insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, etc.
3.3 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
3.4 Your personal data will not be provided to unaffiliated third parties without your consent.
3.5 We use industry-standard security measures to protect any personal information that you may provide to us. However, we cannot guarantee that your submissions to our website, any content residing on our servers, or any transmissions from our server will be completely secure.
4. Data Retention
4.1 Section 4 outlines the data retention policies of Alderson Broaddus University, which were created to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations.
4.2 All personal data that is collected shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose.
4.3 Alderson Broaddus University may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, for legitimate business usage, or in order to protect our vital interests, your vital interests, or the vital interests of another person.
5. Changes
5.1 This policy is subject to periodic amendments and changes. When updated, a new version will be published on our website: http://ab.edu/about-abu/privacy-policy/.
5.2 It is your responsibility to review this page occasionally to ensure your agree with any changes to this privacy policy.
5.3 We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or by any other contact method you have provided.
6. Customer Rights
6.1 In Section 6, your rights as a customer are summarized. You should read relevant laws and seek guidance from regulatory authorities for a full explanation of your rights.
6.2 Your principal rights are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to erasure;
(c) the right to object to processing;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to data portability;
(f) the right to complain to a supervisory authority;
(g) the right to rectification; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
6.3 You have the right to know how, where, and why we process your personal data, along with certain additional information, including who your information is shared with. You may request a copy of your personal data. It will be provided to you on the condition that the rights and freedoms of others are not affected.
The first copy will be provided free of charge. Additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
7. About Us
7.1 This website is owned by Alderson Broaddus University
7.2 Our business is located at:
101 College Hill Drive
Philippi, WV 26416
7.3 Contact us:
(a) in person or by mail, at the address listed above;
(b) by telephone, at: (800) 263-1549; or
(c) by email, at: support@admissions.ab.edu
Apply Now
Schedule a Visit