http://acgolfvacations.com/policy/
Join Our Email List
Golf Packages
The Atlantic City Golf Travel Experts
CALL US TODAY! 1-800-465-3222
— Main Menu —Home
Golf - Golf Courses
- Golf Lessons
- Directions
- Request A Golf Guide
Tee Times
Lodging - Casino Hotels
- Non-Casino Hotels
- Brigantine Vacation House
- Directions
Travel Guide - Transportation
- Car Rental
- Air Travel
- Dining and Entertainment
- Map
Packages
Hot Deals - Perks
News
About - About AC Golf Vacations
- Testimonials
Home
Golf
Golf Courses
Golf Lessons
Directions
Request A Golf Guide
Tee Times
Lodging
Casino Hotels
Non-Casino Hotels
Brigantine Vacation House
Directions
Travel Guide
Transportation
Car Rental
Air Travel
Dining and Entertainment
Map
Packages
Hot Deals
Perks
News
About
About AC Golf Vacations
Testimonials
QUESTIONS? CALL 1-800-465-3222GOLF PACKAGES
TEE TIMES
HOTEL INFO
Policies and ProceduresTerms and Conditions
Please thoroughly read and review the following Terms, Conditions, Responsibilities and Privacy Policies. Should any questions arise in regard to these Terms and Conditions, it is the responsibility of the customer to contact the vacation specialist for further clarification prior to agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and making a payment.
AC Golf Vacations is a division of Atlantic City Your Way, LLC
(herein referred to as ACYW)
RESERVATIONS AND PAYMENTS:
An initial deposit of $100.00 per person will be required within 14 days after the group leader receives the booking confirmation e-mail from the vacation specialist. For reservations made within 15 days of the trip arrival date, full payment is required at time of booking.
Final Payments will be due 15 days prior to the trip arrival date. Any final balances remaining beyond the payment due date will be applied to the original form of payment on file used for the customers’ deposit payments. It is the responsibility of the customer to notify the vacation specialist at ACYW should they want their final balance payment applied to another credit card.
It is the responsibility of the group leader to ensure that all guests have signed up for the trip.
USER ERROR:
Customers that do not follow the payment instructions (online payments only) and overpay by fault of user error and request a refund are subject to credit card fees of 8% of the transaction amount. If such error is rectified prior to the end of business day on the day that the transaction was initiated, the original transaction will be voided without penalty.
CHANGE OF SERVICES:
Services may be modified by the group leader with a notice of at least 15 days (no later than the day before the final payment due date). Subject to availability. Some restrictions may apply.
Packages may include goods and/or services which are a shared cost amongst some or all customers in the group. Changes to the total number of guests may affect the per person cost in order to cover the cost of such goods and/or services.
For example: A double occupancy room priced at $200 would be $100 per person based on two guests sharing the cost of the room. Should a roommate drop out of the trip, the room becomes single occupancy, to which the customer would be responsible for the full $200 cost of the hotel room.
RESCHEDULING OF SERVICES:
Reservations may be rescheduled to a future date up to 30 days prior to your original trip arrival date. Subject to availability. Changes may affect cost.
CANCELLATION OF SERVICES:
Cancellations made with a notice of at least fifteen (15) days (no later than the day before the final payment due date) will be offered a refund in the amount of the total amount paid less an 8% fee, as a result of processing fees incurred.
Cancellations made with a notice of at least seven (7) days will be offered a refund in the amount of the total amount paid less a 10% fee, as a result of processing fees incurred; and less any unused goods and/or services, to which have been paid in full to the vendors (independent contractors), to which are non-refundable to ACYW.
Cancellations made with a notice of less than seven (7) days will not be offered a refund or allowance for any payments made towards the trip for any used and/or unused goods or services.
Any and all cancellations made at any point with at least a notice of seven (7) days are eligible for a full or partial refund, less the processing fee. Only transactions cancelled with ACYW on the same day before the close of business will be eligible to be voided, and therefore will not result in any processing fee.
UNUSED GOODS AND SERVICES:
Refunds or allowances will not be made for accommodations, goods, services, or any portion of the reservation, which may be unused by the customer.
GOLF:
Tee Times: Guests must check-in at least 30 minutes prior to scheduled tee time. Tee times missed due to late check-in will not be offered a refunded or allowance. ACYW is not responsible for lost or cancelled tee times as a result of travel delays or other unforeseen circumstances. Rescheduling of tee time(s) may be possible. Subject to availability. Changes may affect cost.
Rain Policy: In the event of inclement weather, the golf course(s) may remain closed. Should your tee time be cancelled due to golf course closure, a refund will be made to the customer. Should the golf course remain open during inclement weather and the customer opts to not play, the customer will be issued a rain check to be used for a future date of the same value. Once play begins, no refunds will be issued, but a rain check may be issued due to inclement weather. Exceptions to these policies may be made at the discretion of the golf course.
Attire: Proper golf attire required for all golfers and riders at the golf courses.
RESPONSIBILITY:
The responsibility of ACYW and/or its agents are limited. ACYW acts only as an agent for clients in regard to travel. ACYW assumes no liability for injury, damage, loss, accident, delay or irregularity which may be occasional either by reason of defect, through acts of God, war, fire, breakdown in machinery, epidemic, riots, strikes or from any causes beyond the control of ACYW. Services and goods are furnished by independent contractors and do not act for or on behalf of ACYW. The acceptance of the package arrangements is deemed to be consent to the above. ACYW is not reliable or responsible in any way whatsoever for any act, error or omission or for inconvenience, loss, damage, injury or death arriving out of tour arrangements.
PRIVACY POLICY:
ACYW is committed to protecting your online privacy. For that reason, ACYW has created a policy for your online protection. We want you to feel confident in our commitment to your online privacy to assure complete customer satisfaction.
Personal Information: To process online quotes and bookings, ACYW may require some personal information such as your name, address, e-mail and telephone numbers. When you purchase travel arrangements with ACYW, it may be necessary to supply us with credit card information. Your personal information and credit card data will not be sold or shared with any parties unless it is required to complete purchases and travel arrangements on your behalf. All affiliate partners connected to ACYW follow strict standards to provide online safety for their guests.
Security: The value of security for all your personal information regarding our clients is of great importance to ACYW. No data transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% safe. Because of that, ACYW does everything in its power protect your information. ACYW cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit. If you provide personal date on our web site, your information will be stored in a safe and secure account that ACYW uses to complete your travel arrangements and to reach you for purposes of customer service requirements. It may potentially be used to give you special promotional info by email only, of which you can opt out at any time. ACYW is very concerned as regards security and using your credit cards to purchase products and services on your behalf. Protecting your confidentiality and privacy is our top priority. Our site uses Payflow Pro which encrypts your data as it is transferred over the Internet. This added protection makes breaching your credit card data very difficult.
Links: ACYW and their affiliates contains links to other Web sites. When you click on these links you are entering a different site for which ACYW is not responsible. We advise you to read the statement of privacy on all such sites. Their policies and policies may be different than the privacy policy of ACYW. You are solely responsible for safeguarding the privacy of your personal information. Please be cautious, responsible, and aware of your personal information, especially whenever you are on the internet. ACYW may disclose information if required to do so court order or by law or in good faith understanding that providing information is advisable including, without limitation, to preserve the properties and rights of ACYW or when there is evidence to believe that the disclosure information is required to reveal, contact or bring legal action against a person who may cause interruption with our properties or rights, either intentionally or otherwise. When someone else could be harmed that policy would also apply.
Updated: 8/1/2020
Atlantic City Your Way, LLC
331 Tilton Road, Suite 29, Northfield, NJ 08225
800-252-5866
Atlantic City Golf Experts
Call
800.GOLF.222 or
800.465.3222 to Book Your Golf Vacation Now to Book Your Golf Vacation Now!
Popular Golf Packages
The Beach Boys - From $329
No Responses.
Going Green - From $319
No Responses.
Tee Party - From $319
No Responses.
Up to Par - From $539
No Responses.
More InformationBook Packages
Golf Courses
Contact Us
Join Our Email List
FAQ’s
Policies and Procedures
Sitemap
Crystal Springs Resort Golf Vacations
331 Tilton Road, Suite 29 Northfield, NJ 08225© Copyright 2019 Atlantic City Golf Vacations