http://agassifoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This is the official website of the Andre Agassi Foundation for Education (“AAFE”). Our postal address is 1120 North Town Center Drive, Suite 160 Las Vegas, NV 89169. We can be reached via email: info@agassi.net or you can reach us by phone at (702) 227-5700.
AAFE has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following statement explains our information-gathering and dissemination practices for this website. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Throughout this Privacy Policy, “we,” “us,” and “our” will mean AAFE. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of persons or entities that AAFE does not control, manage or employ.
When you visit our website, our server does not automatically capture your domain name or e-mail address. However, we may collect the e-mail addresses of those who donate or communicate with us via e-mail or store information on which pages of this site visitor’s access. You can browse our website without telling us who you are or giving us any personally identifiable information about yourself. When you interact with us through your computer, our website does, however, record certain non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our website. Additionally, our website employs “cookies,” which are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. We employ “cookies” to perform several functions: to let us know how long you are logged on to our website and to provide us with statistics regarding what pages of our website you visited, and how long you spent there.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, to advise visitors of new on-line materials, and to provide occasional updates about our research efforts and what’s new at the AAFE. Information generated through our website is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you elect to donate to AAFE through our website, you will be asked to provide personally identifiable information that may include among other things your name, address, gender, email address, phone-number, credit card type, number and security code (collectively referred to as “Profile Information”). Once you provide us with this information you are no longer anonymous to us.
When you donate to AAFE through our website we will use that information to send you email updates. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from the AAFE email list, you may do so by contacting us at info@agassi.net with the subject heading “unsubscribe.”
If you choose to make a donation to AAFE, we will use your credit card information only for this transaction through a secure online payment system operated by an independent third party. AAFE does not retain credit card information.
If you have provided your telephone number to us through our website then you may be contacted by one of our volunteers or staff members about campaigns and/or events (such volunteers and staff members are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and will not use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose).
We will only disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to prevent harm to yourself, AAFE or others. In addition, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which AAFE participates.
AAFE and/or its subcontractors institute various electronic and administrative safeguards that are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access, including firewall technologies to help protect your data from hackers and other unwanted visitors. In the event that we collect your credit card information, we will additionally utilize secure and reliable transaction tools, including but not limited to Kintera Sphere products, to encrypt your credit card information you input. Despite use of these safeguards, there are inherent risks in transmission of electronic information. We cannot guarantee and do not represent that your personally identifiable information will always be secure from unauthorized access.
We also may use a managed hosting provider and/or other subcontractors to assist us with the provision and maintenance of the website. If we do, we will impose on such provider confidentiality obligations for the treatment of information.
We provide links on our website to other websites. In addition, some users access our website via another site or a link on another site. We have no control over the websites that link to our website or to which our website links. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any site other than our website. The existence of a link between our website and other third party sites does not imply an endorsement of these other sites. We are not responsible for the content of such other websites, nor for the treatment of personally identifiable information might you provide while visiting such other websites.
By using the website, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. AAFE may modify this Privacy Policy at any time and will post a change notice with the new Privacy Policy on this Site. Your continued use of the website after the posting of the change notice to the Privacy Policy will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Our computer systems and some of the computer systems of our third party service providers are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. As a visitor from outside the United States, by using the website you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information about our programs, upcoming events and/or opportunities to support our efforts.