http://aikman.com/privacy.aspx
Aikman Enterprises > Home
Thursday, October 08, 2020
HomeThe Troy Aikman FoundationAikman Efficiency RatingsAutograph Requests
Home
Login
Privacy Statement
Aikman Enterprises is committed to protecting your privacy and developing
technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This
Statement of Privacy applies to the Aikman Enterprises Web
site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Aikman Enterprises
website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Aikman Enterprises collects personally
identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work
address or telephone number. Aikman Enterprises also collects anonymous
demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code,
age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and
software that is automatically collected by Aikman Enterprises. This information
can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and
referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Aikman Enterprises for
the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to
provide general statistics regarding use of the Aikman Enterprises Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable
information or personally sensitive data through Aikman Enterprises public
message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note:
Aikman Enterprises does not read any of your private online communications.
Aikman Enterprises encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Aikman Enterprises so that you can understand how
those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Aikman Enterprises is
not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites
outside of the Aikman Enterprises and Aikman Enterprises family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Aikman Enterprises collects and uses your personal
information to operate the Aikman Enterprises Web site and deliver the services
you have requested. Aikman Enterprises also uses your personally identifiable
information to inform you of other products or services available from
Aikman Enterprises and its affiliates. Aikman Enterprises may also contact you
via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of
potential new services that may be offered.
Aikman Enterprises does not sell,
rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Aikman Enterprises may, from
time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a
particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique
personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number)
is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Aikman Enterprises may share
data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you
email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except
to provide these services to Aikman Enterprises, and they are required to
maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Aikman Enterprises does not
use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or
political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Aikman Enterprises keeps
track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Aikman Enterprises,
in order to determine what Aikman Enterprises services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within
Aikman Enterprises to customers whose behavior indicates that they are
interested in a particular subject area.
Aikman Enterprises Web sites will
disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so
by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a)
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on
Aikman Enterprises or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of
Aikman Enterprises; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the
personal safety of users of Aikman Enterprises, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Aikman Enterprises Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your
online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by
a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to
your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a
web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary
purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The
purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a
specific page. For example, if you personalize Aikman Enterprises pages, or
register with Aikman Enterprises site or services, a cookie helps
Aikman Enterprises to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as
billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same
Aikman Enterprises Web site, the information you previously provided can be
retrieved, so you can easily use the Aikman Enterprises features that you
customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you
may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the
Aikman Enterprises services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Aikman Enterprises secures your personal information from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Aikman Enterprises secures the
personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a
controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or
disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is
transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption,
such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Aikman Enterprises will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Aikman Enterprises encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Aikman Enterprises is protecting
your information.
Contact Information
Aikman Enterprises welcomes your comments
regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Aikman Enterprises has
not adhered to this Statement, please contact Aikman Enterprises at troy@aikman.com. We
will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2017 by Aikman Enterprises
Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement