http://airport-bowl.com/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Cookie and Privacy Policy - Airport Bowl
CALL US: +44 (0) 208 759 7246
Booking Form
MenuHomeParty PackagesBowling PartiesBirthday PartiesCorporate Bowling ClosePricesOffersFood & DrinkBarcelosBarMenu CloseArcadeAmusementsAdult Gaming CloseEventsDaily OffersLeagues & TournamentsLondon InternationalYouth Bowling Club CloseBook NowAboutFind UsFAQs CloseContactCovid – 19 Policy
Cookie and Privacy Policy
This policy sets out our responsibilities under The General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (‘GDPR’) and other applicable laws in England and Wales relating to the processing and security of personal information.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. Riva Bowl LLP is committed to processing data in accordance with its responsibilities under the GDPR.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Your privacy is very important to us so we want you to know exactly what kind of information we collect from you and how we use it. We would never sell your personal information to other companies for marketing use.
When we use the term ‘personal information’ in this policy we are referring to information that could identify you as individual which includes but is not limited to your name, home address, email address and other contact information.
We store personal information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.airport-bowl.com. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the site, subscribing to our newsletter, posting material or requesting further services, completing any surveys or reporting any problem with the site; records of your correspondence (if any) with us; details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access.
We also gather this kind of information when you use the WIFI network in our centre to access the internet. We may collect the time and geographic location of your device when you do so. For websites, this information may also include where you came to our site from, and where you went when you left it. We also track how often you visit and use our websites. We do this via email and website cookies and similar tracking technology built into sites. We make cookie policies available on our website to give you more detailed information on how we use them.
If you have any queries or requests regarding your personal information held by or our practices in this regard, please write to us at Data Protection Officer, Airport Bowl, Bath Road, Harlington, Middlesex, UB3 5AL or email us on dataprotectionofficer@airport-bowl.com
IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
COOKIE STATEMENT
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve the Site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise the Site according to aggregate preferences;
to speed up your searches; and
to recognise you when you return to the Site.
The main cookies that we use provide us with valuable data about our website.
Our website is built using technology by WordPress and this also uses cookies that help the site to work better for you and monitors the pages that you visit. Again, this is completely anonymous and is stored on your computer for a very short period of time.
We also link to other websites such as Twitter, You Tube and Facebook. We’re pretty sure that they use the same kind of cookies but as these sites are not controlled by us, we cannot guarantee the cookies that they are using and suggest that you read their privacy policies to be absolutely sure.
We really hope that this is ok, but if you are really unhappy with cookies being used, the best way round this is to turn it off in your browser settings so that they are not used on any website. To do this, you can go to your privacy settings in either Tools or Options depending on your browser.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, and processed at a destination inside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. By disclosing your personal information to us you consent to this transfer.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security, any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content from the Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and
to notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you. We will not provide your data to third party advertisers or suppliers. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletter or surveys. We may share your information with those third parties for those limited purposes.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please notify us using our “Contact Us” form.
If you have opted in to our mailing list and wish at any time to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may unsubscribe via our “Contact Us” form.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements;or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
People who help us provide our websites, WIFI networks, email services and related services to you. They include information technology experts who design and host our websites, and payment services, companies that make it easy for you to use your credit or payment cards with us. Other examples include market research companies, marketing, advertising, design and PR organisations and general service companies such as printers, mailing houses and form-scanning service providers.
Social media companies such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to enable us to run targeted promotions for you on their platforms;
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us using our “Contact Us” form.
The Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
HOW LONG KEEP YOUR INFORMATION FOR
To make sure we meet our legal data protection and privacy obligations, we keep hold of your information for as long as we actually need them for the purposes we acquired them in the first place.
In most cases, this means we will keep your information for as long as you use our services here at the Airport Bowl and for 3 years afterwards if you stop doing so,.
After that we will either delete it.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and may be addressed to us via our “Contact Us” form.
Share this page it puts smiles on our faces!
email
facebook
twitter
linkedin
google+
pinterest
Book Now
Newsletter
Sign Up Today!
X
Our Prices
Connect with Us
Latest News
Why Bowling Is The Best Sport Ever!
Opening Times
Airport Bowl is open 7 days per week every day of the year except Christmas Day
Monday
11.00 am - 10.00pm
Tuesday
11.00 am - 10.00pm
Wednesday
11.00 am - 10.00pm
Thursday
11.00 am - 10.00pm
Friday
11.00 am - 10.00 pm
Saturday
11.00am - 10.00pm
Sunday
11.00am - 10.00pm
If you would like anymore information on our opening times please call us on 0208 759 7246
Get Updates!
Want updates on offers, promotions and what’s new at Airport Bowl? Then sign up below and we will keep you informed!
Airport Bowl © 2020. All Rights Reserved.
| Terms and Conditions
| Privacy | Contact |