https://alyeskaresort.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Alyeska Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
Alyeska Resort is committed to protecting the personal privacy of visitors and guests using its Internet sites. To better protect your privacy, we ask that you read and learn about the ways your information is collected and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. Alyeska Resort reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time; all changes will be posted to this page. It is your responsibility to check this site for any such updates as you will be bound by them should you choose to visit our sites.
Information we collect
This notice applies to information you voluntarily provide to Alyeska Resort. Guests may submit information via the Resort’s websites or at various other locations including points of sale at the Resort. Guest information collected may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
In some cases, you may be asked to submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. Such information may include:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
There are certain times when we may ask for an age or birth date when applicable for guest identification, pricing purposes (for instance, children and seniors qualify for discounts on lift tickets), event registration purposes, and when creating your online guest profile.
Other cases where we may request information from you is when you:
Purchase products or services at an Alyeska Resort point of sale;
Create your online account on our online store site, so that you can place an order from a Resort proprietary or third-party website that requires you to submit credit card or other payment information for products or services such as passes, rentals, lessons, dining reservations or lodging;
Provide feedback via the Resort website, participate in an online survey or submit an online form for a sweepstakes or other promotional offer;
Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list; and/or
Send email messages, submit forms, or transmit other information by telephone or letter.
We may also collect information from you at other points on our site that state such information is being collected.
Commitment to children’s privacy
Protecting the privacy our guests under the age of 18 is especially important to us. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, unless it is information provided by a parent or guardian to fulfill the purposes of an online order (i.e. Mountain Learning Center program, season pass, etc.)
How we use information
We use information provided by a guest placing an order only when necessary to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product (i.e. gift cards, dependent purchases, etc.) and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register on our website if you would like to receive marketing materials as well as updates regarding Resort events, news, snow conditions or terrain park information. Information you submit on other pages of our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose personally identifiable information.
Finally, Alyeska Resort will never use, sell, rent or share the personally identifiable information provided to us to any third party for any reason, except in certain special cases when we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, or otherwise injuring or interfering with Alyeska Resort’s rights, property or operations, other Alyeska Ski Resort’s site users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, or to civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, administrative investigation or investigation conducted by Alyeska Resort. We shall have no obligation to inform you of our compliance with the law, including, without limitation, a response to a law enforcement request or a valid subpoena.
Importance of data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Accessing or correcting guest information.
You can request information about or correct factual errors of your personally identifiable information that we maintain by contacting us at:
Mailing Address:
Alyeska Resort
Privacy Policy
PO Box 249
Girdwood, AK 99587
907-754-2275
Email: info@alyeskaresort.com
To protect your privacy and security we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Hotel Reservations. 1-800-880-3880
Ticket Office. 1-907-754-2275
QUICK LINKS
Login/Register
Mountain Report & Webcams
Book Now
Jobs
Getting Here
Media
Contact
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Alyeska Resort. All Rights Reserved. Web Design (c) JYZ Design Inc.
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.