http://amafl.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYOur guidelines and processes are clear in our classes and also in our policies.
Tae Kwon Do
|
Judo
|
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
|
Afterschool Programs & Camps
The Academy of Martial Arts recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web sites, sWe created this policy with a fundamental respect for our customers’ right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our customers. This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services owned by the Academy of Martial Arts.
Information Collection and Use
The Academy of Martial Arts collects information from our website users, subscribers and other customers. In this section of our Privacy Statement, we describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.
Registration and Ordering
Using our website and signing up for certain selected services (such as free trials), users must first register. During registration, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services, and, for our website visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on our sites.
For our services that require payment, we also collect credit card information (such as account name, number and expiration date), which is used for our or our agent’s billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared.
Surveys and Contests
From time to time we may invite web site users and other customers to provide information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the website user or other customer therefore has a choice whether to disclose requested contact information (such as name and mailing address) and demographic information (such as zip code or job title). In addition to the other uses set forth in this policy, contact information collected in connection with surveys and contests is used to notify the winners and award prizes and to monitor or improve the use of, and satisfaction with the website or other Academy of Martial Arts product or service. Subject to the given customer’s preferences (as described in the “Permission” section below), such information also may be shared with third party sponsors of such surveys or contests.
With Whom Your Information is Shared
We do not share personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our product(s)/service(s), and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. Also, our parent, subsidiary and affiliate companies, entities into which our company may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, will be able to use personal information. We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.
Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), or if you no longer desire our product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct or update your personal data: you may contact to change your preferences.
Security
We use reasonable precautions to protect our customers’ personal information and to store it securely. In addition, access to all of our customers’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
The Academy of Martial Arts websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
Children
The Academy of Martial Arts websites are not directed at minors and we do not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals.
Notification and Changes
If we change our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
Ormond Beach/Holly Hill114 N. Yonge StreetOrmond Beach, FL 32174PhoneE: (386) 677-6811E-Mail: utkdfl@aol.com
South Daytona/Port Orange1973 S. Ridgewood Ave.South Daytona, FL 32174Phone: (386) 310-7964E-Mail: utkdfl@aol.com
Lil Dragons | Youth Programs | Adult ProgramsPrivate Lessons | Schedules | InstructorsOur Locations | Warrior's Code | Privacy Policy