https://amateur-golf.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The following sets out the Terms and Conditions of using Amateur-golf.com, by accessing this site you agree to these Terms and Conditions.
The terms and conditions apply to all our services either directly or indirectly including inline, through any mobile platform or by email or telephone.
By accessing and using our website or any of our applications through any platform you agree to these terms and conditions for which we provide for your personal, non-commercial use only, subject to the terms and conditions below.
Copyright
The site and content is the copyrighted property of Amateur-golf.com, unless otherwise stated. Under no circumstances can any of this information be copied or reproduced without the written consent of Amateur-golf.com.
Amateur-golf.com and site content, including site design, headers, graphics and buttons, and all other associated products and services used on the site are the copyright and intellectual property of Amateur-golf.com and may not be used without prior written consent from Amateur-golf.com . All other trademarks, product names, company names and logos mentioned on the site are the property of their respective owners.
Any reference to any products, services or companies does not imply endorsement or recommendation by Amateur-golf.com
Should you feel that content posted by our members is infringing your copyright then please contact us so that we may remove any identified content whilst we conduct a further review.
You agree that by notifying us of such infringement that Amateur-golf.com accepts no liability and should no infringement be identified you will be liable for any incurred costs during the investigation.
Please also refer to the information within these terms relating to user generated content in relation to the site users responsibilities.
Site Use
Amateur-golf.com provides several online services including but not limited to online golf portal offerings news and information, golf course directory, online forums plus a member accessed service offering access to an online golf community and score tracking service to analyse your game.
Members accessing the member service may download, copy or print one copy of their details or information for their own personal non-commerical use. Once new information is added to our database this then supersedes any previous information download.
Privacy
You agree to our Privacy Policy.
Modification
Amateur-golf.com may change these Terms and Conditions at any time.
Information / Computer Reliability
The information held by Amateur-golf.com is for your benefit whilst using this site and is not used by us or disclosed to any third parties other than to enhance the information provided to you. Information and statistics are held electronically by Amateur-golf.com and our partners but is in no way guaranteed to be without loss whilst contained on our servers.
It is your responsibility to ensure all information entered is frequently backed up using the tools provided by us. We do backup data on a daily basis for Premium and Platinum members but cannot guarantee reliability or accessibility of the data.
We can in no way be liable for any loss resulting in the loss of your information due to computer failure and you hereby indemnify us against and accept responsibility for your own back up measures.
Our service is provided by a hosting company which promotes 99.9% up-time. We endeavor to provide access to this level but there be maybe occasions when this is out of our control and during upgrades.
Information Database
Information listed throughout the site is provided as is and Amateur-golf.com cannot guarantee that the information is accurate and up to date, although we do our upmost to ensure all information is genuine and as recent as possible.
User Generated Content – Reviews, Images, Data
Amateur-golf.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted, stored or distributed on Amateur-golf.com including written content or images uploaded by users or any third party.
Nor is Amateur-golf.com liable for any loss or damages or mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you that may be posted on the site.
Should you have need to contact or notify us of anything not adhering to the terms please contact us.
Amateur-golf.com is an online golf community used by golfers around the world and we respect that you adhere to our policies herein, respecting fellow members and users and do not engage in personal attacks, incite or promote violence, or post harassing or hateful language. Amateur-golf.com reserves the right to remove content without notice or warning. Any material that promotes illegal activity exposes confidential information or creates a risk to a person’s safety or well being will also be removed and seen as offensive. You also may not post content of a sexual nature or content that does not comply with the PG-13 rating, any such content will be removed without warning.
Reviews : Amateur-golf.com provides an online service to allow members and users to post reviews for golf courses on the site.
Any reviews made on the site are the reviews of the members and do not reflect the opinion of Amateur-golf.com.
The reviews may be uploaded onto the relevant golf clubs information page on our website for the sole purpose of informing customers of the independent views of the levels of service and quality of the golf club which is used on Amateur-golf.com at its sole discretion including use on the site, newsletters, special promotions, apps, social media platforms and others channels owned, hosted, used or controlled by Amateur-golf.com
By posting a review you agree by these terms.
We reserve the right to adjust, refuse or remove reviews at our sole discretion.
Forums : For further information on the terms and conditions for the forums please visit the acceptable user policy .
Images : You hereby confirm that by uploading any images to Amateur-golf.com you are the copyright owner and remove any liability to Amateur-golf.com and accept any responsibility and liability relating to any copyright infringements. For further information on copyright infringements read above.
Content : As a user of the Amateur-golf.com site and services you hereby confirm that you are the copyright owner of any content either written or image based for any content posted.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customised web site experience, for example, by retaining registration information to save logging on again to re-enter a restricted area. You can choose to refuse or delete cookies by altering your browser preferences. If you choose to do so, then most of the site’s pages should still work fully in your browser.
Cookies are stored by a web browser and allow data to be stored and sent between a web server to a web browser. This allows a web server to identify and track the web browser for any individual user and are required for some uses such as logging into a website and storing user settings in relation to a web service or application.
Amateur-golf.com Cookie Use
Amateur-golf.com use both session based cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are used to keep track that you are logged on to our member service and are deleted from your computer when you close the browser. Persistent cookies are used by us and third parties to monitor and track some activity including the ‘remember me’ option when logging into the Amateur-golf.com member service and will remain stored on your computer until deleted or once expired.
Why We Collect Data
Collecting data allows us to understand what your needs when visiting the site and allows us to provide personalised content and match the most relevant adverts and services for you. It also allows us to provide targeted offers and services you may be interested to hear about.
Cookies and IP Information
By accessing Amateur-golf.com we may send you a cookie to enhance your experience on the site.
We may also track IP addresses. An IP address is a number but cannot provide any personal information but
can identify an Internet Service Provider and country location.
Strictly Required Essential Cookies
Other than allowing session cookies to enable the login of the member service no essential cookies are required to use Amateur-golf.com Some strictly essential cookies maybe used to save your preferences when visiting the site.
Functionality Cookies
Functional cookies are required when using the ‘remember me’ option of logging into the Amateur-golf.com member services.
Performance & Analytical Cookies
Analytical cookies are used to monitor our websites performance and how it is used and provide us with information that helps us provide better products to users of the site and identify any areas that may need maintenance. Performance based cookies in use including Google Analytics tracking and Chartbeat tracking.
Behavioral Online Advertising Cookies/Third Party Cookies
These cookies include cookies from ourselves, advertisers/sponsors and provide tailored advertising to you which we believe are relevant to you.
We also include third party plugins which utilise cookies to enhance your experience including use of Facebook, Twitter and Google cookies. These allow you to interact with third party services through the Amateur-golf.com
Disclaimer
The site and services are provided on an as is and as available basis without warranty of any kind. Use of the site constitutes to your full acceptence to these full terms and conditions.
Liability/Indemnification
Amateur-golf.com assumes no liability for information posted on this site. You accept that Amateur-golf.com, it’s officers, directors, employees and agents, are in no way liable for damages, incidental, direct, indirect, loss of use, loss of data and of any kind resulting from using this site in anyway. You agree to fully indemnify and hold Amateur-golf.com harmless from any claim, cost, demand or damage from a breach in these Terms and Conditions of use by you.
We are all concerned about our privacy online and the way in which information is collected and used. Most sites track basic information and use this to enhance your internet experience. We have set out the following points which hopefully will guide you on our stance on privacy whilst using our site.
Amateur-golf.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any member content that you post or send on our website. You are solely responsible for your member content and the consequences of posting or publishing it and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your member content.
General
This website is based within the UK and the terms and conditions set out here are governed by the UK law.
Your hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction to the UK courts for any disputes arising out of the use of this site.
You agree that all claims you may have against Amateur-golf.com arising from or relation to the site must be heard and resolved through jurisdiction location in the UK.
Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is important to us. Amateur-golf.com respects and protects the privacy of the users of the site and any personal information which is provided.
Save for disclosures required by law in any relevant jurisdiction and the disclosure of your name and or email address, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your prior consent.
Information Collected
Amateur-golf.com does not collect any unique identifiable information from users (ie e-mail, address) except when you knowingly provide information using the online forms. The information we hold from the signup process is only to enhance your experience and for use whilst using the Amateur-golf.com system.
We do store details of IP address, date of visit, browser type, etc. but none of this information is identifiable to an individual user and is only used to enhance the browsing experience and track site usage which will help to enhance the site for others.
Information Distribution
No information provided to us via any of the online forms is passed on to a third party. It may however be used by us to enhance your experience whilst using the site and provide you with relevant promotions and offers. We may disclose information recorded within our search database relating to hits or keywords but will never divulge personal identifiable information.
Site Advertising
Advertising displayed on the site is either served by Amateur-golf.com or in conjunction with our online media agency. Our media agency and the adserving software that they use conform to the Privacy Preferences Project (P3P) as defined by the World Wide Web Consortium and is in accordance with European data protection laws.
Links
Links to other websites are for your convenience and do not constitute endorsement or material of those sites by Amateur-golf.com.
Amateur-golf.com is not responsible for the content of any website that is linked to us or any website with which we are linked, whether or not we are affiliated with the operator or owner of such website.
Should you wish to link directly to this site you may do so without prior agreement.
Change to the Privacy Policy
By using Amateur-golf.com, you agree to the use and collection of information as outlined above and to our Terms and Conditions. Changes to this policy may occur in the future and will be posted here so that you are aware of any amendments.
Contact
Contact us here.
Read more at https://web.archive.org/web/20130924023019/http://www.Amateur-golf.com/privacy.html#DM0LzAu72O6L37Ic.99
Search for:
Categories
Golf Travel
My Blog
Recent Posts
Acing it at Humana
Single Sex Golf Clubs
Simply Glorious Goodwood
Having a ball a Tylney Hall
Golf in East Lothian