http://armworks.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Return Policy
General: Armworks.com is dedicated to ensuring your privacy. We respect your privacy and will keep all information that you provide to us confidential. We do not sell or share your information with any third parties. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.
What information is collected: As part of the order process, the following information is collected from shoppers: Name Shipping/Billing Address; email address; phone number; credit/debit card information.
How that information is used: We will utilize this information to process your order in an expedient and confidential manner. We will keep your email address and contact information on file so we may address with any issues that come up with your order. We may, from time to time, contact you via email to tell you about new product available at Armworks.com.
What others may do with your information:  We do not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. On occasion, we may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for us (such as database maintenance), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for Armworks.com. In addition, Armworks.com may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share what percentage of our visitors are using Internet Explorer versus Firefox, etc. At no point will we share personally identifiable information.
Cookies:  At times, we will use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a "cookie". We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our sites, and to give you better, more personalized service while in our web site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent.
Changes to this policy:  We may from time to time revise this privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Returns: Unopened containers may be returned within 10 days with a 20% restocking fee. The FDA prohibits the return of any opened containers and therefore cannot be accepted.
Contact us:  If you have any questions or concerns about privacy and security please don't hesitate to call or email. Customer Service may be obtained from 8:30 to 5:00pm Central time at 630-973-6100. Your you may use our Contact Us page to send an Email.
×