http://asgardsc.ie/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement | Asgard SC
Asgard SC
Asgard Swimming Club
Our Coaches
Club Training Timetable
Useful Links
Club Sponsors – 2018 / 19
Galas
Upcoming Events
Active – Swim Portal
Results (Archive)
Galas FAQ
Gala Types Explained
Club News
Parents Corner
Photo Gallery
Parent Supervision Rota
Documents & Policies
Club Rules & Policies
Photography / Video Consent Form
Committee 2019/20
Purchase Club Gear
Membership Application
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Date: 20 June 2012
Asgard Swimming Club maintains a strong commitment to the protection of its users’ privacy. We are committed to providing a safe and secure environment for our staff, parents, children and visitors alike.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information (where applicable) in connection with your use of our website, emails, and mobile application (“Site”). The terms “we”, “us”, refer to Asgard Swimming Club
When you use the Site, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information submitted by you
i. third-party service providers
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples Include (but are not limited to) the storage of personal information.[1] Please be assured that the access they have to your personal information is only needed for them to perform their functions. Under no circumstances are they permitted to use it for any other purpose.
2. Non-personal information collected by us
In addition to the information you submit to or through the Site, we may also collect and store information about you with regards to your use of our Site by using ‘Cookies’, Analytical SDK’s (Software Development Kits)[2], or other similar web technologies. The information obtained is used to analyse and track user behaviour so enable us personalise your experience. We may also use it in conjunction with other information about you so to provide better functionality and improve the quality of the Site.
i. cookies
Cookies are pieces of information generated by a web server or web hosting sites and stored in the user’s computer, ready for future access. A cookie enables your computer(s) to access information on our Site in a faster and more efficient manner. Visitors to the Site are sent anonymous cookies to keep track of their browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Site, such as your browser type, search preferences, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use
ii. analytical sdk’s
Analytical SDK’s (or Software Development Kits) provide an interface for tracking activity within mobile apps and websites. For example they can be used to calculate visits, session length, bounce rate and unique visitors.
3. Purpose of retaining your personal information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on any club related matter.
Note: You may not opt out of receiving communications with regards to changes to our terms, conditions, and policies as this information is important to your interaction with us.
4. Use and disclosure of information
The information we have obtained about you is not shared with any third parties beyond our trusted partners who need to have access to this data in order to provide our online services. We will only use your details to reply to your enquiries, fulfill any contractual obligations and to enable us improve the service we provide to you.
We do not rent, share, sell or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. However, we do work with third parties and they may have access to some of your information:
i. legal obligation (in certain cases) to disclose personal data
In compliance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003, we are obliged to disclose your personal data in certain cases, for example:
(a) for the purpose of safeguarding the security of the State,
(b) where required and in the interests of protecting the international relations of the State,
(c) by or under any enactment or by a rule of law or order of a court.
(NB – For further information on the disclosure of personal data in certain cases, please see s.8 of the data protection act, 1988 as amended by s.9 of the data protection (amendment) act, 2003.)
5. Security
We are committed to keeping your data secure. We and our partners comply with the Data Protection Act 1988 as amended by the Data Protection (Amendment) Act, 2003 (“The Acts”) and Statutory Instrument Number 336 of 2011 European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Privacy and Electronic Communications) Regulations 2011 (“SI 336/2011”).
6. Accuracy of stored information
In compliance with the Data Protection Acts 1988-2003, you have the right to request a copy of your data currently held by us by writing to:
Privacy Officer, Asgard Swimming Club, Coral Leisure Centre, Seaview Avenue, Arklow, County Wicklow, Ireland.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible at asgard.swimming club@gmail.com.On verification we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. Please note that to protect your privacy we may require further information to verify your identity.
If someone else has posted your personal information on our Site without your permission and you would like it removed please contact us at asgard.swimming club@gmail.com.
7. Data retention
The information we obtain from you or about you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). The data held will only be used for as long as necessary and for the purpose for which it was provided.
8. Dispute resolution
We strive to give our users as much control as possible over their private information. Please contact us if any of your questions are not answered above. If you believe that we haven’t adhered to this Privacy Policy you may write to the Privacy Officer at the following address:
Privacy Officer, Asgard Swimming Club, Coral Leisure Centre, Seaview Avenue, Arklow, County Wicklow, Ireland.
9. Modification to this privacy policy
In the event that legislation protecting all internet users’ changes, our Site Privacy Statement will also change to ensure we are fully compliant and will be updated accordingly and posted on this Site. This will ensure that you are always aware of what information we collect, how your information is used, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it.
If at any time we decide to use the Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Site Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by e-mail or by posting a notice on the Site. When changes are made, the date displayed on top of this page will indicate the date that revisions were last made and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the aforementioned manner.
10. DISCLAIMER
THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT APPLIES TO ASGARD SWIMMING CLUB. OUR SITE MAY INCLUDE LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND YOU ACCEPT THAT IF YOU SUBMIT PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION TO ANY OF THOSE SITES, YOUR INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO THEIR PRIVACY STATEMENTS. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO CAREFULLY READY THE PRIVACY STATEMENT OF ANY WEB SITE YOU VISIT.
[1] Including but not limited to: Name, Address, Contact Numbers and Email.
[2] Analytical SDK’s – provide an interface for tracking activity within mobile apps. For example they can be used to calculate visits, session length, bounce rate and unique visitors.
About Us
Founded in 1999 Asgard Swimming Club is a competitive swimming club that caters for athletes at different stages of development and with varying level of swim skills.
Our aim is to provide a friendly atmosphere in which our swimmers can achieve their full potential, develop social skills in a sporting environment that will stay with them throughout their life
Asgard SC are ClubMark 2014 Swim Ireland affiliated and the only club in Ireland to have received this award twice. The ClubMark is only awarded to Swim Ireland affiliated clubs who have successfully completed the ClubMark SI club accreditation programme. The purpose of which is to showcase and share best practice amongst Irish Aquatic Clubs. (See Swim Ireland for further information)
Training Times: Mon 06:00-07:30 & 18:00-20:00; Tues 18:00-20:00; Wed 06:00-07:30 & 19:00-20:00; Thurs 18:00-20:00; Fri 06:00-07:30 & 18:00-20:00; Sat: 08:00-10:00
Address: Coral Leisure Centre, Seaview Avenue, Arklow, Co. Wicklow.
Email: asgard.swimmingclub@gmail.com
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events.
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Like us on Facebook
Copyright © 2020 Asgard SC. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Statement
Designed & Administered by Kieran Ryan
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:  By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Asgard Swimming Club cookies policyOkRead more