https://askfred.net/Info/privacy.php?FREDSID=q3gflmv200a2ocsti2bp87o3r4
Username:
Password:
Save Login
Forgot login
Create Membership
Home
Upcoming Tournaments
Browse TournamentsMap View
Results
Tournament ResultsResults SearchPoints Standings
Camps/Clinics
Browse Camps/ClinicsMap View
MyFRED
MyFREDBecome a MemberLogin
Bout Committee
Get BC MembershipLogin
Support
Helpdesk
FAQ/Help Page
Home
More FRED stuff:
About FRED
Be A Member
Contact
Privacy
Club Info
USFA Event Ratings
Terms Of Service
WebServices
Blog
Other Sites:
USFA
ROC
USFA Referees
USFCA
CFF/FCE
FIE
Seattle Fencing Club
Fencing Time
Fencing.net
Privacy
This statement tells you what personal information this website (FRED) collects and what we
will do with it.
FRED collects your name, gender, email address, fencing club affiliation, USFA (or other NGB)
member id, and fencer's ratings. Your birth year may also be required, depending on the event
you are preregistering for.
Of these, your public, fencing oriented information such as name, gender, club affiliation and
ratings will be provided to organizers for their use in running events. It will also be displayed
in public preregistration and results lists on the FRED website.
This public information is also available to partners who integrate with
FRED's API. This data integration service enables partners
to build applications (such as a mobile tournament listing app or a club website), using the same
information publicly available on the FRED website, but in new and different ways. Such partners
are bound by the policies and privacy protections in the
API Terms of Service.
Only information publicly available on the FRED site is available to these partners via the API.
We (FRED) will use your private contact information (i.e. email address) to coordinate your
participation in FRED related events, and to contact you regarding that participation. You will not receive
unsolicited mass mailings as a result of providing your email address to FRED. If you have signed
up for other fencing related mailing lists, you may receive email notices from FRED that are sent
to those email lists. FRED does not keep mailing lists of his own.
The email addresses of event organizers who list events on FRED will be publicly listed with their
events, as will any alternative email contact address provided by the organizer for that purpose.
FRED accepts payments for various things via the site. We occasionally must provide contact
information for these payors to tournament or clinic organizers to help resolve a payment dispute.
This is rare, and we always provide the minimum information necessary to resolve the issue.
Club's contact information is displayed publicly on the site (that is, after all, the purpose of
FRED's club listings).
Your contact information (i.e. your email address, or optional phone or physical address info)
will be kept private, never shared. Even event organizers may not access your private contact
information, except as described regarding payment disputes above. We (FRED) will never share,
sell, rent, or otherwise give your private information to anyone for any reason, except as noted
above, or when you explicitly authorize us do so, or when we are required to do so by law.
Thank-you for playing!
Help/FAQ |
About FRED |
Contact |
Privacy Policy |
Feeedback/Bug Reports
Use of askfred.net constitutes agreement to the Terms Of Service
Copyright © 2001 - 2020 Acetylene Solutions All Rights Reserved