https://asmglobal.com/p/other/privacy-request
skip to main content
0
Privacy Request
of
Transcript
12
full-width plain-links
Privacy Request
of
Transcript
Privacy Request
Welcome to ASM’s Privacy Request Page.
This page provides you with information on how to submit certain data rights requests across the ASM family of companies. Depending on your state or country of residence, you may have the right to opt-out of ASM’s “sale” of your personal information, or access or delete your personal information. To opt-out of sales, access or delete your data, please send an email to
asmdataprivacy@asmglobal.com or call us at 1-844-919-1983 per the instructions in the “Submission of Requests” section below.For more information about how we handle your personal information, please review our Privacy Policy. For any additional questions or rights requests, please email us at
asmdataprivacy@asmglobal.com.
Submission of Requests
You may submit requests, as follows (see below for a summary of required verification information):
Opt-Out of Sale
You may send an email to asmdataprivacy@asmglobal.com.
Your request must be sent from the email address we have on file for you and include your name, the venue(s) you are contacting us in reference to and desire to Opt-Out of Sale.You may call us at: 1-844-919-1983. You will be directed to leave a voicemail where you will provide your name, the email address we have on file for you, the venue(s) you are calling in reference to and desire to Opt-Out of Sale.
Right to Know
You may send an email to asmdataprivacy@asmglobal.com. Your request must be sent from the email address we have on file for you and include your name and the venue(s) you are contacting is in reference to along with your desire to know what Information we have on you.You may call us at: 1-844-919-1983. You will be directed to leave a voicemail where you will provide your name, the email address we have on file for you and the venue(s) you are calling in reference to along with your desire to know what Information we have on you.
Right to Delete
You may send an email to asmdataprivacy@asmglobal.com. Your request must be sent from the email address we have on file for you and include your name and the venue(s) you are contacting us in reference to along with your desire to have your data deleted.You may call us at: 1-844-919-1983. You will be directed to leave a voicemail where you will provide your name, the email address we have on file for you and the venue(s) you are calling in reference to along with your desire to have your data deleted.
Direct Marketing
You may request a list of any relevant direct marketing disclosures via email to our privacy team at asmdataprivacy@asmglobal.com.
Verification of Requests
All rights requests must be verified to ensure that the individual making the request is authorized to make that request, to reduce fraud, and to ensure the security of your Personal Data. We may require that you provide the email address we have on file for you (and verify that you can access that email account) as well as an address, phone number, or other data we have on file, in order to verify your identity. If an agent is submitting the request on your behalf, we reserve the right to validate the agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
https://asmglobal.com/p/other/privacy-policy
of
Transcript
Back toTop
My Account
Sign Out
Sign In
Search
Search
Site Map