https://atfca.com.au/about/atfca-policies/
About
About ATFCA
Constitution
Code Of Ethics
Coaches Congress
Governance
ATFCA Policies
Members
Membership Benefits
Coach Insurance
Member Resources
Join Now
Coaches
Find a Coach
ATFCA Coaching Journal
Coach Education
Scale of Fees
Athletes
Online Courses
Shop
State News
Contact
0
5
About
About ATFCA
Constitution
Code Of Ethics
Coaches Congress
Governance
ATFCA Policies
Members
Membership Benefits
Coach Insurance
Member Resources
Join Now
Coaches
Find a Coach
ATFCA Coaching Journal
Coach Education
Scale of Fees
Athletes
Online Courses
Shop
State News
Contact
Risk Management Policy Statement
ATFCA
Background
Since we must pursue our objectives against the changing uncertainties of our internal and external operating environment, there is risk associated with all that we plan and do.  We need to be willing to accept risks in order to pursue opportunities, but we can ensure we understand the risks we create when we make decisions and we can control those risks so they are no larger or smaller than our risk appetite.
Policy
We will acknowledge that there is risk in all that we do. Accordingly, at all levels of our organisation and as part of what we routinely do, we will apply the risk management practices described in AS/NZS 31000 to ensure that at all times we have a correct, current and comprehensive understanding of our risks and that we adjust those risks to match our risk appetite in order to help achieve our objectives and overall, better outcomes for ATFCA.
We will ensure we have the resources and organisational arrangements to make this possible and we will establish an assurance program to confirm that this has been achieved.
Responsibilities
The ATFCA Board is responsible for the risk management policy, for establishing the organisation’s risk appetite, for ensuring the risk management policy can be implemented, for monitoring very high risks, the correct functioning of critical controls and the effective implementation of the risk management policy.
The Executive Director (or alternative a risk management professional on the Board) is accountable to the Board for implementing this policy in a consistent manner across the organisation and as part of all forms of planning and decision making and will report progress regularly to the Board.
Monitoring and Review
We recognise that the internal and external environment in which we operate is constantly changing.  Accordingly, we will continually monitor and review all aspects of our risk management arrangements.
Further Information
For further information on this policy and the risk management procedures, contact:         07) 5543 8546.
ATFCA Sunsmart Guidelines
(Courtesy of Cancer Council SA)
Introduction
When UV levels reach three and above it is recommended that you protect your skin in five ways for maximum protection – Slip, Slop, Slap, Seek and Slide:
Slip on clothing that covers as much skin as possible; it’s one of the best barriers between your skin and the sun.
Slop on a SPF 30 or higher, broad spectrum sunscreen 20 minutes before going outdoors, and reapply regularly.
Slap on a hat that provides protection to your face, neck and ears.
Seek shade when outdoors, staying under a tree and umbrella can reduce your overall exposure to UV radiation.
Slide on some sunglasses that are close fitting, wraparound and cover as much of the eye area as possible.
Slip on clothing
To protect your skin from over exposure to UV radiation, wearing clothing that covers as much skin as possible is recommended. It is important to consider both the weave of the fabric and the style of the clothing when choosing appropriate protection.
Shirts with collars and long sleeves and long trousers or skirts give you the most protection.
Look for clothing made of a closely woven material – the tighter the weave of the material, the better protection from UV radiation.
Darker colours give slightly more protection than lighter colours, but can be hotter to wear during warmer weather.
Some clothes are labelled with an Ultraviolet Protection Factor (UPF). The UPF number is a guide to how much protection the fabric provides from UV radiation. Look for a UPF 50+ for maximum protection.
Slop on sunscreen
Sunscreen should always be used with other forms of skin protection. Sunscreen contains chemicals that either absorb or reflect UV radiation before it damages the skin.
SPF 50+ sunscreens filter out about 98 per cent of UV rays. Those labelled broad spectrum filter both UVB and UVA radiation. The Sun Protection Factor (SPF) label on a sunscreen is only a guide to the strength of the product, not how much time you can safely spend in the sun.
Choosing sunscreen
It is important to choose a maximum protection sunscreen, so look for one that is labelled SPF 30 of higher and broad spectrum. Sunscreen comes in a variety of different formulas (milk, lotion, cream), so choose one that suits you best. Check the use by date on the sunscreen and don’t use a sunscreen that is out of date. Always store your sunscreen under 25°c.
Applying sunscreen
Always apply sunscreen liberally to clean dry skin 20 minutes before going outside. Use at least a teaspoonful for each arm and leg and half a teaspoonful for your face, neck and ears.
Reapply every two hours, or more regularly if you are perspiring or involved in water activities.
You do not need to rub sunscreen into your skin until it disappears. The cream will be absorbed into your skin over the 20 minutes before you go out into the sun.
No sunscreen – even if it is reapplied regularly – offers complete protection against UV radiation. Always use sunscreen in conjunction with other forms of sun protection.
Sunscreen and nanoparticles
Nanotechnology has been used in sunscreens for many years. To date, our assessment, drawing on the best available evidence, is that nanoparticulates used in sunscreens do not pose a risk.
Sunscreen formulas and their components are regulated through the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA). In early 2009, the TGA conducted an updated review of the scientific literature in relation to the use of nanoparticulate zinc oxide and titanium dioxide in sunscreens.
The TGA review concluded that:
The potential for titanium dioxide and zinc oxide nanoparticles in sunscreens to cause adverse effects depends primarily upon the ability of the nanoparticles to reach viable skin cells; and
To date, the current weight of evidence suggests that titanium dioxide and zinc oxide nanoparticles do not reach viable skin cells; rather, they remain on the surface of the skin and in the outer layer of the skin that is composed of non-viable cells.
The TGA’s report concerning the safety of sunscreens can be found at www.tga.health.gov.au/alerts/sunscreens.htm
Cancer Council looks closely at TGA’s advice, as well as our own evidence-based reviews.
Sunscreens also use ‘microfine’ or ‘micronised’ particles, which are larger than nanoparticles:
Nanoparticles are smaller than 100 nanometres and invisible to the human eye – a nanometre is 0.000001 millimetre.
Microfine particles are smaller than those used in conventional white zinc sunscreens, however are larger than nanoparticles – usually in the range of 100 to 2500 nanometres.
Sunscreen has been proven to reduce the risk of skin cancer, in particular non-melanoma skin cancer. Skin cancer claims more than 1,800 lives each year: we urge Australians to protect themselves from the sun in five ways – Slip, Slop, Slap, Seek and Slide.
For more information on sunscreen visit these websites.
Skin Health www.skinhealth.com.au/info/home
Sunscreen calculator www.sunsmart.com.au/suncreen-calculator/tool.asp
Slap on a hat
Wear a hat that provides plenty of shade to your face, neck and ears; these are common sites for skin cancer. Choose a hat with closely woven fabric in one of the recommended styles for good protection.
Cancer Council Australia recommends three styles of hats for good protection.
A broad brimmed hat with a brim width of at least 7.5 cm.
A legionnaire style hat where the back flap meets the side of the front peak.
A bucket hat with a deep crown that sits low on the head and has an angled brim, which is at least 6 cm wide.
Seek shade
Using shade as much as possible when you are outdoors is an important strategy in protecting your skin. Shade from trees and man-made structures (pergolas, buildings) provide protection from UV radiation, but do not totally block it out. UV radiation can still be reflected off the ground and buildings around you even under dense shade.
Always use shade as well as clothing, hats, sunglasses and sunscreen for maximum protection from UV radiation.
Slide on sunglasses
Eyes can also be damaged by UV radiation. Damage includes degenerative changes, cataracts and pterygia.
Cataracts cloud the lens of the eye and are one of the most common types of eye damage in Australia, mostly due to sun exposure. Untreated cataracts can lead to blindness.
Choose sunglasses that wrap around the eyes and don’t let light in around the frames, especially at the sides, and make sure the frames fit close to the face.
Sunglasses are given an Eye Protection Factor (EPF), which is a guide to how much UV protection they provide. The EFP is rated on a scale from one to 10. Sunglasses labelled EPF 10 provide almost 100 per cent UV protection. Sunglasses sold in Australia must meet the Australian Standard AS/NZS 1067:2003.
All sunglasses must have a protection category label. Look for category two, three or four and/or a lens description that states “good UV protection”. Category zero and one are fashion glasses and provide only some UV protection. Polarised lenses reduce glare.
There is usually some sun protection information on the label. Look for the EPF or the protection category.
ATFCA Covid 19 Policy
The following guidelines were prepared following a review of detailed information available from the Australian Government, Australian Institute of Sport, Athletics Australia and Little Athletics Australia. As restrictions change and in some cases, ease, guidelines for Athletics will vary so it is important keep informed and up to date with requirements and guidelines for coaching in your particular state.
The current focus of these guidelines is to assist coaches, clubs and centres to resume training in a COVIDSafe environment. As the changing, and in some states, easing of restrictions continues, you will be dealing with various needs to restart training, competitions, and courses in a COVIDSafe environment.  These will be communicated through revised guidelines at a state government level. For general purposes, the ATFCA has put these guidelines together.
CovidSafe Plan
Coaches must develop a CovidSafe Plan before ‘returning to play’ or training as we know it. This is a requirement for all sporting associations to have in place before the restart of sporting training and competitions.
There is a guide below to help you create a CovidSafe Plan. (Note that some state authorities may impose additional requirements that will need to be reflected in your plan, depending on which stage of opening up that the state is at.)
It is recommended that the COVID SAFE plan is printed and displayed at training sessions.  You should also share this with athletes and parents.  A copy of your CovidSafe Plan should be kept on file if any venue of state official should request to see it.
In addition to the CovidSafe Plan, and it is recommended that at least one person (if not yourself) at your training sessions has completed the Infection Control Training Course. This free, short course is available online and informs you how to manage, control and monitor the likelihood of Covid-19 in your sessions.
The course can be found here: https://covid-19training.gov.au/
Social distancing
Social distancing is one of the most effective methods of reducing the spread of viruses. The more space between you and others, the harder it is for the virus to spread. If a person at a sporting event is found to be positive for COVID-19, the risk of transmission to the rest of the participants is minimised if people are practising social distancing. Good practice physical distancing principles are to:
maintain 1.5 metre separation between all people, where possible in a training environment use markers to separate individuals.
maintain a minimum of 4 square metres per person. In relation to sporting activity, it is a requirement that all sport and training is non-contact only.
Where social distancing is not possible, masks should be worn by those not participating in the activity.
The maximum number of participants (including athletes, coaches, and parents/guardians) at raining will vary from one state to another, so please ensure you are up to date with the latest state rules.
Outdoor venues and splitting an outdoor space into zones
Outdoor venues have up to maximum number of individuals per training zone at any one time. Large spaces may be spilt into zones to accommodate more than one group, however strict social distancing must be maintained, and no interaction between zones. (If the activity is within a facility owned by a local government authority or a commercial entity, you may need to check with the owner to confirm this is allowed.) The management may have already set aside marked zones for particular coaching groups.
To minimise any potential for cross infection, movement by participants or coach between groups must not occur. Each training zone should allow for four square metres per person. The spaces between gatherings and groups should ensure that there is suitable distancing to prevent one gathering encroaching on another gathering’s area.  Coaches should be advised of their specific areas of meeting their squads and advised that various areas of the track should not be over populated.  (ie. Various squads use different parts of the track if not wanting to use the circular track).
Depending on the stage of opening up your state has progressed to, change rooms could be closed. Toilets may be opened with appropriate sanitary equipment available.
Please stress to athletes and parents that training is a ARRIVE, TRAIN, LEAVE scenario.
Hygiene
It is advisable that coaches provide alcohol-based hand sanitiser for all athletes at the start and finish of each session. Regular sanitising/washing hands is a great way to prevent the spread of germs and virus.  Coaches should advise athletes to also have sanitiser in their training bag as a must.
When cleaning your hands with soap and water:
Lather for at least 20 seconds. Pay attention to the backs of hands and fingers, fingernails, and the webbing between fingers.
Rinse hands under running water and dry hands with a clean towel, or fresh paper towel.
If cleaning your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub (hand sanitiser):
Apply enough product to cover both hands.
Rub all surfaces of both hands until they are dry.
Do not share towels or water bottles.
Session logistics. Depending on where you are conducting your training, venues may ask you to stagger training times to accommodate the number of athletes at the venue at one time.
Planning for each training session is vital to ensure all logistical matters are covered. Consider staging start times to minimise the beginning and end of each session. Adopt and ‘get in – train – get out’ philosophy. Participants should arrive ready to train. Warm up and cool down routines should be undertaken alone or in very small groups where possible. Warm up and warm down can happen away from the training venue to ensure the limited time training is useful.
Discourage spectators or parents unless they are required – this obviously depends on the age of athletes and also the guidelines of the various states, so be sure to be up to date. If parents/carers are required to assist the athlete, they must be included in the appropriate count. In the height of the COVID pandemic, parents were encouraged to drop athletes and stay in their cars.  This can be encouraged to occur if you request, but it is entirely up to you and the regulations set down in your state.
Register/Contact Tracing
Keep a register of all athletes that attend a session (including parents/guardians), so that authorities can track and trace if a Covid-19 case is confirmed. Everyone is encouraged to download the COVIDSafe app as this helps authorities respond to a confirmed case and protects everyone. These records should be kept for 56 days.
Equipment Sharing
The sharing of equipment is strongly discouraged.  Coaches need to supply one piece of equipment per athlete or encourage athletes to bring their own equipment for personal use. If equipment is supplied to an individual for training purposes it should undergo a thorough disinfectant clean before and after use. This is for all items such as shot put, discus and javelins, as well as rakes, measuring devices, starting blocks, timing devices and any other pieces of equipment that may be used in a training environment. Spray bottle and cloth to be used.
Running
If wanting to use trails, parks, fields, paths or distance courses, along with traditional athletics tracks it is important that every runner’s adheres to adequate social distancing and adhere to gathering restrictions. Some guidelines for running are:
Assemble in different areas of the venue or area you are meeting.
Avoid running in the slipstream of others.
Don’t spit or clear nasal/respiratory secretions
Be courteous of other athletes and the public in how much space you take up if running side by side, while being mindful of social distancing restrictions.
Adhere to directional guidelines specific to that location, eg clockwise around various tracks etc.
Flu-like symptoms
Athletes, coaches and parents/guardians should not attend any training venue if experiencing any flu-like symptoms.
Symptoms to look out for include:
cough
sore throat
fever
fatigue
shortness of breath
Response to a confirmed case
To respond to a COVID-19 incident. If you are aware that someone in your squad has a case of COVID-19, ring the COVID-19 Public Hotline in your state and follow the advice of health officials. If someone is confirmed as having COVID-19 or is getting tested for COVID-19, they should already be at home. However, there may be circumstances where a person in your session is displaying COVID-like symptoms or shares information (e.g. they have been in close contact with someone that has the virus) that causes you to have reasonable concerns about their health and the health of others. If this occurs:
Keep others away from the person to prevent the potential spread the virus. If the person has serious symptoms such as difficulty breathing, call 000 for urgent medical help.
Seek advice from the COVID-19 Public Hotline in your state.
Advise all athletes/parents and guardians to get tested.
Ensure the person has safe transport home, to a location they can isolate, or to a medical facility if necessary.
Close off the affected area and clean and disinfect where possible. Do not let others use or enter the area until it is cleaned and disinfected.
Assist public health to identity close contacts by providing your list of participants to the state public health authorities or the COVID-19 Public Hotline.
ATHLETICS COACHING – COVIDSAFE PLAN
A: CONTROLS
Venue “gatherings” to strictly limited to the State Government restrictions on the number of people (including coaches, parents, friends and other family members) required under their current restrictions phase.
Until the COVID-19 restrictions are completely eased, it is encouraged that other than participants (athletes, coaches and parents/guardians) will be allowed to attend training.
Social (or physical) distancing is to be strictly adhered to at all times.
No sharing of drink bottles and the use of the venue drink fountains is to be discouraged, unless filling drink bottles.
Welcoming or farewell hugs, shaking of hands or congratulatory “high fives” – or any other form of physical contact whatsoever is discouraged.
Athletes, parents/guardians and coaches will be reminded at all times, that if they are displaying symptoms that may suggest they have COVID-19, they should see a doctor, get tested, and not come to training.
Similarly, if anyone has been in contact with someone in the past 14 days who has returned a positive COVID-19 test result, they also should not attend training or competition. They should be self-isolating.
For training activities, coaches are responsible for ensuring the COVIDSafe rules are strictly adhered to and for bringing with them to the venue sufficient alcohol based sanitiser liquid for washing hands for the training group. Members will wash their hands with the liquid post handling equipment as well as post visiting the toilet.
Athletes handling equipment at the training venue (e.g. hurdles, starting blocks, pole vault poles, or throws implements) are required to use the alcohol based sanitiser liquid prior to using the equipment, and again after using the implement or after the training.
When finished using jumping mats, mats are to be sprayed with appropriate sanitiser/cleaner.
For track events, it is encourage that athletes will be limited to one athlete per lane, to ensure physical distance requirements are adhered to or a distance of 4-5m when running circular training.
The following is a checklist for coaches and athletes to identify possible equipment or implements that provide a source of risk of infection.  Please note that the list is not intended to be comprehensive.
Sprints/Hurdles:
Starting blocks
Starting blocks trolley
Hurdles
Hurdles trolley
Steeple Chase:
Steeple portable wheels adjuster
Steeple height adjuster bolts
Water Jump height adjuster bolts
Water tap and hose
Horizontal Jumps:
Pit rakes
Take off boards and foul marking boards
Tape measure
Landing spike
Vertical Jumps:
Pole vault and high jump mats
Pole vault and high jump bars
Pole vault and high jump stands
Pole vault and high jump measuring sticks
Throws:
Throwing implements (both athletes and officials)
Distance measuring spike
Tape measure or measuring implements
Safety cage poles and nets
Venue seating – both in the stand and on the field
Venue drinking fountains
Venue toilets
Gates and other barriers
Venue photo finish equipment
Venue tables and chairs for officials and all electronic or IT equipment.
B: INCIDENT RESPONSE
Should a participant subsequently fall ill and after being tested, return a positive test result, the coach must provide their various state government with a full list of athletes/parents and guardians who were present at that training.
ATFCA Terms of Service
1. Terms
By viewing the website at https://atfca.com.au, you are agreeing by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. By default, the materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law unless stated otherwise.
2. Use License
By viewing the site permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Australian Track & Field Coaches Association’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Australian Track & Field Coaches Association’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Australian Track & Field Coaches Association at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Australian Track & Field Coaches Association’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis.Australian Track & Field Coaches Association makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Australian Track & Field Coaches Association does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Australian Track & Field Coaches Association or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Australian Track & Field Coaches Association’s website, even if Australian Track & Field Coaches Association or a Australian Track & Field Coaches Association authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Australian Track & Field Coaches Association’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Australian Track & Field Coaches Association does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Australian Track & Field Coaches Association may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Australian Track & Field Coaches Association does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Australian Track & Field Coaches Association has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Australian Track & Field Coaches Association of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Australian Track & Field Coaches Association may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that location.
This policy is for Australian Track & Field Coaches Association – https://atfca.com.au effective as of 2020.
ATFCA Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Australian Track & Field Coaches Association’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://atfca.com.au, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is for Australian Track & Field Coaches Association – https://atfca.com.au effective as of 2020.
ATFCA Delivery Policy
We will be notified by the payment gateway containing your order details (providing you have supplied an email address) We will confirm your order within minutes. All goods will be sent out within three working days. For any reason, if goods are unavailable that are out of our control, the delivery may take longer.
Enquiries on deliveries please contact us.
This policy is for Australian Track & Field Coaches Association – https://atfca.com.au effective as of 2020.
ATFCA Refund & Returns Policy
This policy sets out the circumstances in which goods supplied by us to a customer (“you”) will be accepted for return.
AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER LAW
The Australian Consumer Law (ACL) protects consumers by giving them certain guaranteed rights when they buy goods and services. For example, the ACL requires that goods must be free of defects, and do what they are meant to do. Services must be carried out with care and skill. These rights, which the ACL says automatically apply whenever goods or services are supplied to a consumer, are called ‘Consumer Guarantees’ Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and for compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
CHANGE OF MIND RETURNS
We will replace goods if they have been damaged during shipping. Notify us via email as soon as possible. You return the item within 30 days of purchase.
The Item is;
Produce your original receipt at the time you return the item
It is in its original packaging, including instruction manuals and all accessories;
It is unopened, unused and in its original condition; and
If these requirements are not satisfied we reserve the right not to offer an exchange or refund for change of mind returns.
While goods are being assessed, we will not be deemed to have accepted the goods for return.
WHEN GOODS WILL BE ACCEPTED FOR RETURN
We will accept goods for return only after assessment as set out above, where the goods:
The product is faulty or is not of acceptable quality, or
The product does not match the sample or our description; and
The product does not work as described for its intended purpose
If you are entitled to a refund under the ACL, your refund will be issued to you by your original payment method for the goods.
Goods presented for repair may be replaced by refurbished goods of the same type rather than being repaired. Refurbished parts may be used to repair goods.
Claims for compensation or reasonable expenses incurred in returning your purchase should be addressed to our Customer Service team at the address below and need to be accompanied with supporting evidence.
Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and for compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
HOW TO RETURN YOUR PRODUCT
Returns can be sent back to us, our address and location can be found on our contact page.
You will need your tax invoice (email receipt) as information on this is needed as proof of purchase. For a change of mind return/exchange, the delivery fee is non-refundable.
This policy is for Australian Track & Field Coaches Association – https://atfca.com.au effective as of 2020.
ATFCA Payment Security Policy
All online credit card transactions performed on https://atfca.com.au use a secured payments by means of SSL encryption We use a payment gateway to process credit card payments. That gateway processes online credit card transactions for thousands of merchants, providing a safe and secure means of collecting payments via the Internet.
Your complete credit card number cannot be viewed by us or any outside parties. All monies are directly transferred from your credit card to the merchant account held by us.
For more information about the process and secure online credit card payments, please contact us.
This policy is for Australian Track & Field Coaches Association – https://atfca.com.au effective as of 2020.
JOIN NOW
AND BECOME A MEMBER
CREATE AN ACCOUNT
Contact
T: 5543 8546
E: enquiries@atfca.com.au
About
Members
Coaches
Athletes
Online Courses
Shop
State News
2020 Australian Track & Field Coaches Association. All rights reserved
Built by: Thrive Digital