https://australianfootball.com/privacy
Australian Football
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAustralianfootball.com (AF) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the AF website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personal information that AF gathers when you are on the AF website (the “site”) and when you use AF services (collectively the “service”).This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that AF does not own or control, or to individuals that AF does not employ or manage.WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT USERS DOES AF COLLECT?Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a friendly, customized, and efficient experience. We collect the following types of information from our users:INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO USWe receive and may store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some special features of AF. The personal information we collect includes:Membership registration: In order for you to use certain AF services, such as submitting a blog or commenting on other content on the site, you must complete a membership registration form including your full name and email address.User Content: Once you become a site member you may post your own blogs on AF as well as comment on the blogs of others (collectively your "User Content").AUTOMATICALLY-GENERATED INFORMATIONWe receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us. AF automatically receives and records certain "traffic data" on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, AF cookie information, and the webpage you requested.AF may display a counter on any page indicating the total number of times that page has been viewed. This includes member profile pages.Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. AF cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email is.The "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. You may choose to disable or reject cookies when using the service, but you may not be able to access some of AF's features.In future some of our business partners may use cookies on our website (for example, advertisers). AF has no access to or control over these cookies.HOW DOES AUSTRALIANFOOTBALL.COM USE MY INFORMATION?We use your information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the service.Social sharing of User ContentAF allows other users to browse articles and blogs that you have written, edited, or commented on. This information is made available via your member profile or within the article or history page of the story in which you performed the action on. AF may choose to post this data on other site features in the future.Profile informationAF allows other users to browse your member’s page which may include your full name, and blog URL within your member profile should you provide this optional information.SyndicationAF may in future allow for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the website.Traffic dataAF uses traffic data, including information gathered from cookies, to help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, research the market for our services, and administer the website.WILL AF SHARE ANY OF THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?We will not rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described below.Providing the AF serviceAF personnel may have access to user information while carrying out their duties in the normal course of business. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of AF (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).Business TransfersAs we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution. In any such transfer of information, your user information would remain subject to the promises made in our Privacy Policy.Protection of AF and OthersWe may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of AF, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.With Your ConsentExcept as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of this information by opting out.IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE?Your AF account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information.Only AF staff who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a IT specialist) are granted access to it. All staff are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices.AF uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to AF and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, AF makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
This information includes your User Content. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored it.WHAT INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?You can access your personal information on our website and correct, amend, or delete information that is inaccurate by visiting your member profile page.WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?You can always opt not to disclose information, but then you may be unable to use certain features on our website.You can choose to disable or reject cookies from the service, but you may not then be able to access some features of AF.You can add or update certain information on pages of the site. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.You may wish to terminate your AF account and thereby discontinue using the service by emailing: editor@australianfootball.com with the words "Terminate account" in the subject field.THIRD PARTY LINKS AND ADVERTISERSAF may contain links to web sites or services of third parties. AF is not responsible for the actions of these third parties, including their privacy practices and any content posted on their web sites. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personal information.In future we may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on AF. These third-party advertising companies may employ cookies and other devises to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites, but will not collect any information which can personally identify you or can be linked to you. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, and the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data, you may visit the ad network's web site and opt out.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYAF may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at our sole discretion. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the AF website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.If you have any questions please write to us through the contact us page: http://australianfootball.com/contact
Footnotes
* Behinds calculated from the 1965 season on.+ Score at the end of extra time.