https://australiansportscamps.com.au/asc-privacy-policy/
Australian Sports Camps Pty Ltd
Introduction
Your privacy is very important to Australian Sports Camps Pty. Ltd. (ASC). Accordingly, ASC has established this Privacy Policy to provide transparency and clarity in its dealings with its customers and partners.  For those reasons, please read the following details carefully and get in contact with us if you have any questions.
Application & Commitment
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of our (ASC) services, the Australian Sports Camps website: www.australiansportscamps.com.au and information collected via the website, phone and e-mail.
Australian Sports Camps’ commitment to best practice in all areas of its activities extends to respecting and safeguarding the personal information of our clients and partners. Our privacy policy adheres to the National Privacy Principles of the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act).
How to Contact us Regarding Privacy Matters
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you can contact us at admin@australiansportscamps.com.au or by mail at Australian Sports Camps, PO Box 5332, Clayton, VIC 3168.
Purpose of Information Collection
All information collected by ASC is solely for the purpose of providing better services to you, whilst adhering to the principles of the Privacy Act.
Apart from any notified specific intention at the time we are retrieving your personal information, ASC will use your data for any of the following reasons:
Offering our services to valued customers.
For use in the ASC Customer Relationship Management System.
For ASC’s promotional activities.
Replying to your queries and posts on our website and Social Media channels.
Any other legitimate activity of ASC, with your prior permission, or any other activity within the jurisdiction of the Privacy Act of 1988.
For ASC to provide the best possible service, we may need, or ask, to obtain personal information from you that is necessary for the delivery of services to you.  Also, all correspondence, regarding sales and support, may be collected and stored, including email.
Any information obtained by ASC is collected via communications with you. This could be via email, mail, telephone, fax or directly via our website. When you provide us with necessary or voluntary personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place a booking or arrange for a store credit or return of purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting of personal information to use for such specific purpose.
Should ASC ask for your personal information, directly from you, for a secondary reason, such as email subscription and marketing, we will ask you directly, or provide you the opportunity to decline.
Should you wish to unsubscribe from such services, you can do so by contacting us, or clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of all email communications.
Information Collection Sources
As mentioned, we collect information directly from you. For example, when you register for a Sports Camp or buy other products. We also collect information if you ask a question via our website, social media channels, phone call or email.
We also collect information passively from you. Your computer may pass “cookies”, which are text files stored on your computer, to the website which allows us to customise your experience on the website. The purpose for collecting personal information, is to provide you with the best service experience possible as you use the website. However, if you do not provide us with certain information, you may not be able to enjoy the full functionality of the website.
The ASC website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyse site usage. The information generated by the cookie, about your use of this website (including your IP address), is stored by Google. Google’s privacy policy can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. Most web browsers allow you to block all cookies, whilst some allow you to block only third-party cookies. Please check your browser settings and help documentation for more information. Also, please note that blocking all cookies will affect the usability of this website.
In addition, the ASC website also uses the User ID feature of Google Analytics when you sign in to your online account to connect multiple devices, sessions, and engagement data to the same users. This allows us to get a more accurate user count in our reports, and to deliver better services to you. The anonymous user id sent to Google is the same numeric string as the login id of your online account. No personally identifiable information is sent to Google. If you would like to opt-out of this feature, please contact us.
In addition, we may use Google AdWords, Facebook or third-party cookies to advertise online through AdWords or third-party vendors to previous visitors to this website. For example, we might use the remarketing or similar audiences feature in Google AdWords to display ads on sites across the Internet to people who viewed certain pages, or who completed a certain action such as making a booking through the website. This type of advertising allows us to reach people who previously visited our site, and to match the right people with the right message. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. If you are a Facebook user and don’t want Facebook to use information based on your activity on websites or apps outside of Facebook for the purpose of showing you ads, you can opt out in your Facebook account settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Links
Links on Australian Sports Camps website to external sites are not covered by our Privacy Policy, and only covers the domain of www.australiansportscamps.com.au.
Jurisdiction
If you choose to visit the website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and the website’s terms of service. Additionally, to the foregoing, any disputes arising under this Policy shall be governed by Australian Law.
Storage of Collected Information
Security of your personal information is important to us. All information Australian Sports Camps (ASC) holds is protected in a secure environment. Computer database information is protected by firewalls and requires password access. When entering sensitive information on our website (such as credit card details), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).  When credit card details are collected, we simply pass them on in order to be processed as required.  We never permanently store complete Credit Card details.
Australian Sports Camps uses Stripe Payment Gateway for all online transactions. Stripe processes online credit card transactions for millions of companies in over 120 countries to start, run and scale their businesses, including Australian merchants, providing a safe and secure means of collecting Internet payments. All transactions completed on ASC’s website using the Stripe Payment Gateway are secure.
Payments are fully automated with an immediate response.
Your complete credit card number cannot be viewed by ASC or outside parties.
All transactions are performed under 128 Bit SSL Certificate.
All transactions are encrypted for storage within Stripe’s bank-grade data centre, providing further protection.
Stripe will not touch your funds; all monies are directly transferred from your credit card to the merchant account held by ASC.
Should you have any queries regarding credit card security on our website, you can email us at admin@australiansportscamps.com.au.
Legal Disclosure
Australian Sports Camps (ASC) reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information, as required by law, and when we believe disclosure is necessary to protects our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our website.
Orders
If you purchase a camp, membership or service with us, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. You may be required to provide contact information, including name, Email and postal address. Financial information (such as credit/debit card number, expiration date and security number) may also be requested.
Such information is used for billing purposes and to complete your orders with us. If you have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Communications
Australian Sports Camps uses personally identifiable information for communications including emails and account information. Information may be used for other purposes including promotional emails. If at any stage you wish to be removed from any mailing lists, you can contact us at admin@australiansportscamps.com.au.
Also, you will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider.  So, you can make an informed choice as to whether to share your information to that party.
Third Parties
Australian Sports Camps may, at its discretion, use other third parties to provide essential services on our website, or for our business processes. Your details may be shared as necessary for the third party to provide that service. Such third parties, however, are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to information we are required to provide them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, please read their own privacy policies, regarding your personally identifiable information, so you can understand how your personal information shall be managed by these providers.
Certain providers may be located, or have facilities, in different jurisdictions than either you or us. Should you choose to proceed with a transaction on our website that requires a third-party service provider, information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) where the service-provider or facilities are located.
Once you leave our website, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms and Conditions. ASC does not share any information with third parties for unknown or unrelated uses.
Accuracy of Information
Australian Sports Camps takes all steps to ensure the information it retains is accurate and up to date. If any information is incorrect, please contact us immediately and we will promptly correct it.
Usually you may receive promotional material directly from ASC. If you no longer wish to receive promotional material or management of your personal information with us, you can unsubscribe at any time by emailing admin@australiansportscamps.com.au.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Should our privacy policy be updated or changed, we will post the changes to this privacy statement, on the ASC homepage, and other places deemed appropriate so you are aware or what information is collected, how it is collected, the purpose and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We reserve the right to alter this privacy statement at any time, so please review this frequently.
Access and correction
National Privacy Principle 6 of the Australian Privacy Act allows you to get access to, and to correct any personal information that is held about you in certain circumstances. If you would like to obtain such access, please contact us.
Find A Sports Camp
Sports camps for boys & girls aged 5 to 15.CityCityMelbourneSydneyBrisbanePerthCanberraAdelaideHobartSportSportBasketballCricketNetballHockeyAFL/AFLW FootballPrivate CoachingBaseballTennisSoccerGymnasticsHorse RidingFutsalPartner ProgramsMulti SportRock ClimbingRugby LeagueRugby UnionSailingBadmintonIce SkatingTable TennisGolfSpeed & AgilityTenpin BowlingGaming/EsportNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
FLYER DOWNLOAD REQUEST
Popup Download Flyer Form
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Mobile
Subscribe to Updates
CAPTCHA
X
Free Guideline Download Request
X
Brochure Download Request
X
Subscribe to Updates
Subscribe to Updates
Sign up for free to be the first to hear about upcoming camps, special offers and discounts.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
X