https://bandimere.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy StatementWe are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy is applicableto this Website.GeneralYou can visit and enjoy our Website without disclosing any personal information aboutyourself. However, we offer some special services, and for these services to workproperly we will need you to share with us certain personal information about yourself. Ifyou submit any personal information to us, you can be assured that we will not sell, lease,or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as follows: (1) to ourthird party service providers, and only so that they may help us provide the servicesyou've requested; (2) to one or more of our tenants, to the extent that you've submittedinformation that relates specifically to them (e.g., you've asked to receive the newsletterof one or more tenant via email; or you've purchased tenant-specific merchandise fromthe store), so that they may learn more about fans like you, and provide better services toyou; and (3) on occasion, we may offer a special promotion (such as a sweepstakes,contest, fantasy event or a free subscription to goods and services) on the Website inconjunction with a sponsor or promotional partner, and share your information with thatsponsor or promotional partner so that it can send you other special promotions it offers,but only if you give us permission to do so.Special Offers and Promotions. With your permission, we may also send you e-mailswith special offers and promotions.Cookies. To help us serve you better, we collect information that does not identify youpersonally, but rather identifies your computer or browser. This is done by using littlefiles called "cookies" and by tracking IP addresses. A cookie is a small amount of data,which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from aWebsite's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies operate in thebackground, and you can turn them off if you wish, but doing so may impair your abilityto use some of the features on our Website. We may use cookies to make our Websitework better by, for example, keeping track of your login name, password and, if you wantto buy things while on our Website, your "shopping cart."We may also allow other companies that are presenting advertisements or providingservices on our pages to set and access cookies on your computer. Those companies' useof cookies will be covered by their own privacy policies, not ours.If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simpleprocedure in most browsers that allows the user to accept or reject cookies. If you setyour browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of certainservices on our Website.We may also use IP addresses to analyze trends, help us administer the Website, track themovement of visitors, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IPaddresses are not linked to personally identifiable information that can identify you oranother individual person. Therefore, no personal information is disclosed in this manner.Business Transfers. As time passes, Bandimere Speedway or Tickets West may be soldalong with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which customer information isone of the business assets transferred. In such a case, the customer information that wehave gathered may be one of the business assets we transfer.Disclosure for Legal Purposes. The law requires that we may be required to share yourpersonal information and non-personal information (see "Cookies" section above forexamples of non-personal information) pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas,warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. Inaddition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve theright to use and disclose share your personal and non-personal information in order toinvestigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situationsinvolving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of thisWebsite's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.Our Security PracticesYour preferences are password protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas,we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.How You Can Review Your Personal InformationIf you want to review your personal information, you can revise your preferences. Yourpreferences include your shipping, payment, credit card and account information, as wellas whether you want to receive communications from us.If you want to close your account with us and have us delete the personal information init, you should contact our Privacy Administrator.ChoiceOur registration and order forms contain a box for you to indicate whether or not youconsent to receive special offers and promotions from us. Unless you give us yourconsent to use your personal information for these purposes, our partners and we willonly use it to complete the transaction or provide the service or product you haverequested.LinksOur Website contains links to other websites operated by unrelated third parties. Pleasenote that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. Weencourage you to be aware of this when your leave our Website and to read the privacypolicies of every website that collects personally identifiable information from you. ThePrivacy Policy applies only to this Website.Contact UsIf you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:Bandimere Speedway3051 S. Rooney Rd.Morrison, CO 80465303-697-6001Notification of ChangesIf we decide to make an important change to our Privacy Policy, we will post anotification and link on our homepage so that you can review the updated policy.If at any point we wish to use your personal information in a manner different from thatstated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by means of an e-mail and give youthe opportunity to indicate whether you consent to the proposed use.