https://bayfordmeadows.co.uk/circuit/privacy
Skip to Main Content
Home
The Circuit
Privacy and Cookies
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how the operators of this website (hereafter referred to as 'us' or 'we') use and protect information that you submit to this website while using it. It does not cover information posted as comments following a blog or news article, or in any way intended for direct publication (where applicable). We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected, and will only use submitted information (not intended for publication) in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected - Enquiry Forms
If you use an enquiry form on this website, you may need or choose to submit your name, postal address, email address and/or telephone number in order that your request can be actioned. By submitting this information you consent to its use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The relevant information is then used to provide you with the service or information you have requested, and to communicate with you on any matter relating to the provision of that service or information. The details you provide will not be made available to any other people or organisations without your express consent, and will be kept secure at all times. The details you provide will be deleted from our records when we reasonably consider that they no longer need to be kept in relation to your enquiry or request, and provided we do not have a legal obligation to retain them. Please contact us at말nfo@bayfordmeadows.co.uk말f you would like us to remove your personal data마s soon as is reasonably practicable.
Information Collected - Newsletter Subscriptions
If you use a newsletter subscription form on this website, you will need to submit your email address in order that your subscription can be actioned. By submitting this information you consent to its use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The email address is then used to provide you with the newsletters you have requested. Your만mail address will not be made available to any other people or organisations without your express consent, and will be kept secure at all times. Please contact us at말nfo@bayfordmeadows.co.uk말f you would like us to remove your address from our mailing list.
Information Collected - Posts Intended for Publication
If you submit information intended for publication on this website, we may collect your name or username (used to identify you as the author of your post), your email address (not published but used to verify the legitimacy of your post, and possibly also to contact you if we need or wish to discuss your submission prior to its publication), and your IP address (not published - see 'system logs and maintenance' below). Posts submitted may be published for an indefinite period if we consider it to be in the public interest to do so, however, please contact us at말nfo@bayfordmeadows.co.uk말f you would like us to delete any specific post that you have submitted.
This Privacy Policy does not cover information posted, submitted or intended for direct publication; however, to clarify the Terms and Conditions of Use of this website, you are solely responsible for any information you post for publication as we act only as a passive conduit for its online publication.
Information Collected - Technical
Google Analytics - this is a website analysis service provided by Google that utilises website usage data to prepare reports on its activities and share them with us and other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network in compliance with the GDPR. Personal data collected: cookies and usage data. Place of processing: predominantly the USA.
Google reCAPTCHA - this is a SPAM protection service provided by Google. It analyses the traffic of this website with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognised as SPAM. Personal data collected: cookies and usage data. Place of processing: predominantly the USA.
System logs and maintenance - for operation and maintenance purposes, this website and related third party services (e.g. as listed above) may collect files that record interaction with the server. These statistics do not include information that can be used to identify an individual beyond the IP address of the internet connection being used. Place of processing: European Union.
Information Protection
We are committed to ensuring that any personal information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable GDPR-compliant measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information that we collect.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over such websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of the information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files that are stored on your computer in order to maintain a link and remember your website preferences whilst you move from page to page within this website. The creation of a cookie on your computer does NOT give us access to other information on your computer.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data that we hold about you, or to obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us at말nfo@bayfordmeadows.co.uk. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information. You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this Policy
Continued use of this website signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this website.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by giving notice on this page.
- This Privacy Policy was last updated on 1 April 2020
In this section:
Contact
About the Circuit
Circuit Layout
Our Location
Hotels/ B&B's Nearby
FAQ (Hire Karting)
Sizing Charts
Safety Equipment
Gallery
Advertise at Bayford
Hire Kart Live Timing
Owner Driver Live Timing
Eflyer Sign up
Privacy and Cookies
Terms of Use
Search
Circuit View Live