https://bayfordmeadows.co.uk/circuit/terms-use
Skip to Main Content
Home
The Circuit
Terms of Use
Terms of Website Use
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, which take effect on the date which you first use this site. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use this website.
The operators of this website (hereafter referred to as 'we') have used all reasonable means to ensure that the information provided through this website is accurate at the time of inclusion. However, there may be inadvertent and occasional errors for which we apologise. We make no representations or warranties about the information provided and reserve the right to make changes and corrections at any time, without notice. No liability whatsoever shall be accepted for any claim resulting from the use of any information obtained directly or indirectly from this website.
While every effort has been taken to ensure against programme defects, we cannot guarantee that the site is virus-free. This website is used at the sole risk of the visitor.
No part of this website may be reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior permission of the copyright holder. These materials may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these materials be modified or reposted to other sites. However, the visitor may download onto a personal computer owned or under the control of the visitor and make a single copy of all or part of this publication for the recipient’s private use or study only. To seek consent for other uses, please contact us by visiting our contact page.
We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We only gather personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, email addresses etc. when these are voluntarily submitted by a visitor. If the visitor tells us that the information should not be used as a basis for further contact, the request will be respected. For more information please visit our privacy page.
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising from these Terms and Conditions or the use of this site generally shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales, although we may use any convenient forum to enforce our rights.
In this section:
Contact
About the Circuit
Circuit Layout
Our Location
Hotels/ B&B's Nearby
FAQ (Hire Karting)
Sizing Charts
Safety Equipment
Gallery
Advertise at Bayford
Hire Kart Live Timing
Owner Driver Live Timing
Eflyer Sign up
Privacy and Cookies
Terms of Use
Search
Circuit View Live