http://billinghamasc.co.uk/us/club-policies/asa-ethics/
ASA Ethics
Billingham ASC > About Us > Club Policies > ASA Ethics
As part of achieving its NSPCC Advanced Standard in Child Safeguarding, the ASA has released an updated Code of Ethics. Read on to learn more.
As part of achieving the NSPCC Child Protection in Sport Unit Advanced Standard in Child Safeguarding, the ASA has released a revised and shortened Code of Ethics. The new general Code is for:
Swimmers,
Parents,
Coaches and Teachers, and
Committee members, officials and volunteers who work directly with children.
Code of Ethics
All staff representing Billingham Amateur Swimming Club must:
Respect the rights, dignity and worth of every person, be they adult or child, treating everyone equally within the context of the sport
Respect the spirit of the sport adhering to the rules and laws in and out of the pool, incorporating the concept of friendship and respect for other
Promote the positive aspects of the sport and never condone the use of inappropriate or abusive language, inappropriate relationships, bullying, harassment, discrimination or physical violen
Accept responsibility for their own behaviour and encourage and guide all Swim England members and parents of junior members to accept responsibility for their own behaviour and conduct.
Ensure all concerns of a child safeguarding nature are referred in accordance with Wavepower (Swim England ((ASA) Child Safeguarding Policy and Procedures).
Conduct themselves in a manner that takes all reasonable measures to protect their own safety and the safety of others.
Promote the reputation of the sport and never behave or encourage or condone others to behave in a manner that is liable to bring the sport into disrepute.
Adhere to Wavepower the Swim England Child Safeguarding Policy and Procedures.
Adhere to the Swim England Anti-Doping Rule
Adhere to the Swim England Equity Policy.
Adhere to the Swim England Laws and Regulations
Adhere to the Swim England Codes of Conduct.