https://blackhawksoccer.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJohn Wilson2019-11-14T16:16:15-06:00
Blackhawks of Saint Paul Soccer Club (Blackhawks) places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created to demonstrate the Blackhawks’ commitment to the privacy of our members and website users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by the Blackhawks’ website, blackhawksoccer.org, and how this information is used.
As a Minnesota, USA-based organization, our mission is to serve families in our region. Our privacy policy is intended to align with the laws and conventions in the area we serve.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Blackhawks generally does not collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) via our website, blackhawksoccer.org. We employ third-party systems to facilitate our operations, such as registration and team management (scheduling and communications). Each of these providers posts the privacy policy in effect for that product.
Members that register for Blackhawks’ programs and individuals that sign up to receive Blackhawks e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and email address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. Each bulk email that we send includes a link to update your communication preferences, including opt-out (unsubscribe).
IP address and Browser
The Blackhawks uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer blackhawksoccer.org, and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic. IP addresses alone are anonymous.
Our web server may collect information about what type of browser (user agent) you are using. That helps us to present content in the most usable form for your browser. The user agent information typically identifies the browser product (Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.), the version, and the operating system, and is anonymous.
Cookies
blackhawksoccer.org uses “cookie” files to automatically help provide better services. They remind us that your browser has visited before, and save your preferences on our site. The “cookie” is placed in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take you to the information and features you’re particularly interested in. They also let us track your usage of blackhawksoccer.org, so we know which parts of our sites are most popular. You can decline cookies or clear them by instructing your web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send email alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your registration; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us (except transactional messages necessary to fulfill your request or participate in programs). We may also use your information to track visits to our website. This lets us see which of our features are the most popular so we can better serve our users’ needs. It also lets us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally, but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Our web server logs search queries entered on our site, and whether the search engine found relevant results. We use this anonymous information to improve the content on our site.
Our web server shares with other sites anonymous information (such as IP address, time, type of attack) about attempted malicious access to our website. We use this data to detect and prevent intrusion.
Email Privacy
Blackhawks does not share, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization except as necessary to provide our service to you.
External Links
blackhawksoccer.org includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the blackhawksoccer.org domain, and the Blackhawks organization is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
Saint Paul BlackhawksWebsite by Gaburo Interactive LLC
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Go to Top