https://blues.rugby/privacy-policy/
Principal partner
Memberships
Menu
Home
News
Video
Latest News
Upcoming Events
The Team
Players
Past Players
Movers & Shakers
Draw & results
Membership & Tickets
Memberships
Tickets
Travel Packages
Hospitality Opportunities
Corporate Hospitality
Merchandise
Privacy policy
Internet Service Provider
The Blues website is not managed by a third party Internet Service Provider (ISP). When you access the Blues website your ISP, is connecting directly with our server.
Use of Information
The Blues only request contact information when required to respond to customer enquiries and support requests. The Blues will only use information provided by users and customers for the purposes for which it was collected.
Cookies
A cookie will be stored on a user’s computer when our website is accessed. This Cookie is used to synchronize interactions between the user’s web browser and our website. The cookie does not monitor the number of times or when a user or customer visits our site, nor is it used to gather any user information. Internet browsers usually have a facility that allows a user to accept or decline a cookie (refer to the software provider’s reference material for more information).
Information Collection
When visiting this website, the server logs the following user information that is provided by the user’s browser for statistical purposes only:
The type of browser and operating system that the user is using.
The user’s top level domain name (for example .com, .net, .gov, etc.).
The address of the referring site (for example, the previous site the user visited).
The user’s server’s IP address (a number that is unique to the machine through which the user is connected to the Internet: usually one of the user’s service provider’s machines).
In addition, the Blues server logs the following information:
The date and time of the user’s visit.
The address of the pages accessed and the documents downloaded.
The above information is used only for statistical analysis and systems administration purposes. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities, except in the unlikely event of an investigation where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant.
Security
Please note that, while all attempts are made to secure information transmitted to this site, there is a possibility that information (such as personal details, credit card numbers or other similar information) submitted could be observed by a third party while in transit.
Adwords & Remarketing
This website uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or another website. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site please contact us.
Menu Item
About
People
Partners
Privacy policy
Menu Item
Community
Contact
Menu Item
High Performance Programme
Best Foot Forward
stay connected
Copyright ©2020. The Blues. All rights reserved.