http://boardreviews.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | BoardReviews.com
Home
Post A Review
Buyers Guide
Links
Skateboards
Arbor Skateboards
Baker
Element
Snowboard Gear
Snowboard Accessories
Snowboard Gloves
Kombi
Snowboard Goggles
Snowboard Hats
Snowboards
Arbor
Atomic
BitchBoards
Burton
Capita
Forum
GNU
Illuminati
K2
Lamar
Lib Tech
Morrow
Never Summer
Nitro
Palmer
Ride
Rome
Rossignal
Salomon
StepChild
yDoc
Wakeboards
Company
Hyperlite
Liquid Force
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the use of BoardReviews.com.
We highly value your privacy and make this policy easily available throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of information in the course of using this site.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest that you review the privacy policy of every website you visit, whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Registration and Use of Personal Information
Registration is not required in order to use or access this website. However, this site may make forums, blogs, message boards or similar available to its users. You may be required to register for these features, particularly if you wish to leave comments or provide articles.
If you do register, and in the process provide us with personally identifiable information, rest assured that any such information you provide will not be shared with any third-party organization except with your express consent.
Please note that if you post comments or articles to any forum, blog or message board on this site, any personally identifiable information you provide in those comments or articles may be read, collated and used by anyone viewing them. As such, we are not responsible for personally identifiable information you may choose to make available through these channels.
Security
We follow accepted industry standards to protect any personal information you have provided to us. However, please be aware that no method of electronic storage can ever be 100% secure. Therefore – as is the case with any organization – we are not in a position to guarantee the absolute security of your information.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our website.
Contact Details
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us by email, our contact information is as follows:
info@boardreviews.com
This privacy policy was last updated on 1/12/2009.
Recent Reviews
K2 Brigade 2013
Rome Agent 2013
2013 Burton Custom
Lib Tech TRS 2013
2013 Rome Snowboards
2013 Ride Snowboards
2013 K2 Snowboards
2013 Forum Snowboards
2013 Burton Snowboards
Burton Method 2012
Lamar Ltd Peak Polymer Snowboard 2010
Rome SDS 2012
Burton Verdict – Is the board any good?
2012 K2 Raygun
Don’t buy Palmer snowboards
Blogroll
SkateNSnow.com
SnowboardReviews.com
About Us · Privacy Policy · Advertise With Us
Copyright BoardReviews.com; 2020 · All Rights Reserved ·