https://bogusbasin.org/policies/
Open until 4:30 pm Daily || COVID-19 FAQ
Menu
°
Close
The MountainOverviewCOVID-19
Conditions & Webcams
Alpine Trail Report
Nordic Grooming Report
Trail Maps
Parking Lot Shuttles
Mountain Statistics
FAQ
Annual Reports
Buy Lift Tickets
Additional ServicesEvents
Winter Food & Beverage
Winter Tubing
Nordic Center
Summer Activities
Lodging
General InformationOperating Hours
Employment
Job Search
Getting Here
Donation Requests
Restrictions & Policies
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Uphill Policy
Contact Information
ActivitiesWinter ActivitiesAlpine Skiing
Winter Tubing
Nordic Skiing
Snowshoeing
Mountain Coaster
Restrictions
Summer ActivitiesMountain Biking
Unlimited Day Pass
Mountain Coaster
Scenic Chairlift Rides
Summer Tubing
Shafer Butte Mining Company
Hiking
Horseback Riding
MoreCOVID-19
Operating Hours
Events
FAQ
Restrictions & Policies
Intro to Mountain Biking
Tickets & PassesSeason PassesWinter Season Passes
Donor Season Pass
Season Pass Benefits
Summer Bike Park Season Passes
Season Pass Liability Agreement
Winter TicketsLift Tickets
Winter Mountain Coaster
Winter Tubing
Nordic
Snowshoe
Summer TicketsUnlimited Day Pass
Mountain Coaster
Scenic Chairlift Rides
Mountain Biking
Bogus Creek Plaza Activities
MoreFAQ
COVID-19
Operating Hours
Deals & Discounts
Bogus Bucks – Bogus Basin Gift Cards
Restrictions & Policies
Lessons & EquipmentLessonsAlpine Private Lessons
Nordic Private Lessons
EquipmentAlpine Rentals
Alpine Lease
Nordic Rental & Leases
Retail & Tune-Ups
Mountain Bike Rentals
MoreCOVID-19
Snowschool
Adaptive Programs
FAQs
Restrictions & Policies
GroupsGroup SalesGroup Dining and Event Spaces
Tubing Hill Groups
Life Sports & School Night Programs
Summer Groups
Restrictions & Policies
RacingBogus Basin School Race Program 2021
Bogus Basin Night League Racing 2020
Bogus Basin Ski Education Foundation
Nordic Team
SocialBogus Basin Ski Club
PrimeTimers
VertiGals
COVID-19
(208) 332-5100
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Search bogusbasin.org
Close
Now °
Base "
Summit "
24H "
Lifts /
Groomed /
Conditions & Webcams
PoliciesPrivacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://bogusbasin.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, on-line sales, or direct contact from you. We will not supply, sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, sponsors). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. If you wish to disable cookies, you may go through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management can be found at your web browsers’ respective websites.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us by email or at 208-332-5100 (press 9).
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit/debit card data) that information is immediately encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way accordingly, we can not store or re-access your credit card number. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to your name, address, email or phone number. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy or have questions/concerns, you can contact us at 208-332-5100 (press 9) or at info@bogusbasin.org.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy.
Other Mobility Devices Policy
Bogus Basin has determined that the use of any power-driven devices or vehicles by the public, including other power-driven mobility devices used by individuals with mobility disabilities, would conflict with the safety requirements necessary for the reasonably safe operation of our on-slope activities. These safety concerns include the use of devices on the slopes that expose the user and skiers/snowboarders to a safety hazard; collisions with downhill skiers and snowboarders. These safety concerns are compounded by our facility’s high volume of trail use. These safety requirements are based on actual risks and are not intended to be discriminatory in any way.
Any public motorized use would pose a conflict with federal land management laws and regulations.
Summer Activities
The use of these devices by the public would pose safety hazards to individuals using the trails for mountain biking and hiking given the size, weight, dimensions, and speed of these devices. Due to the potential for collisions with other visitors; the high volume of traffic on the trails; and the substantial risk of serious impacts to natural resources caused by these vehicles Bogus Basin has adopted a “no motorized” policy for the public during the summer season in compliance with federal land management laws.
Use of Mobility Devices
Bogus Basin allows individuals with mobility disabilities to use wheelchairs and
manually-powered mobility aids, such as walkers, crutches, canes, braces, or other similar devices designed for use by individuals with mobility disabilities in areas open to pedestrian use.
Use of Adaptive Devices
Bogus Basin allows the use of adaptive devices or other “manually-powered mobility aids” designed for use on the slopes, including mono skis, bi skis, outriggers and sit-skis. Reasonable accommodation for users of on slope “manually-powered mobility aids” will be made so long as such use does not create an undue burden on the safety and efficiency of normal operations. Users may be required to load and unload safely with minimum assistance or participate in an approved adaptive program.