https://bonus-code-bet.com.au/privacy-notice/
Unibet Australia
Unibet
Australian Bookies
Privacy Notice
Commercial content | 18+
There are multiple sections in this Notice. Please read them all before you continue to use this website.
Introduction
This Notice aims to explain how your personal data is collected, used, stored or otherwise processed when you browse this website.
This website is owned by:
This Privacy Notice is effective from 25th May 2018.
Types of Personal Data that We Process
There are two main types of personal data that we may process when you visit our website:
Data of your interaction with our partnered websites
Personal electronic identification data
Data of your interaction with our partnered websites
We will collect data about your private habits in connection with your interactions with websites other than this one, namelywhether you visited and/or registered on any of the websites of our partnersor if you have taken part in gaming activities while visiting them.This kind of data is processed on an aggregated level and it cannot be linked to your identity.
Electronic identification data
Electronic identification data includes the processing of information such asthe IP address you are visiting our website from,Operating System installed on your device,browser type,the date and time of access to our website,the device type you are accessing our website from, the unique device identifier,device location andinformation about your network provider.
Why We Process Your Data and How
By visiting our website some of your personal data may become the subject of processing. The following section will explain the reasons for processing your data, as well as the extent in which we need to process it.
We process the IP address of the device you use in order to enable communication between your device and our server, as well as to determine your approximate geolocation which may be further used for service customisation (for instance to provide appropriate content for your language of choice and gambling-related content that is legal in your country). We also use this information for analytical purposes (for example to calculate how many visitors from specific countries/regions come to our website).
The processing of information about the browser and operating system you use is necessary to ensure the regular provision of our services to you. Also, we may need this type of data to solve technical problems if they emerge.
For statistical purposes, we may process data about your activities taken on our partnered websites, which is important for the legitimate purpose of calculating our revenue. This sort of information about you is grouped with other similar data to helps us create statistics about the use of our service.
Data Subject and Data Controller
Personal data processing that may occur on this website is about your data. Therefore, under relevant EU Data Protection Law, namely the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you are considered to be a data subject. You are therefore entitled to exercise rights granted under the GDPR.
As we determine the purpose and means of processing your personal data on this website we are considered to be a data controller, as defined under the GDPR. By this status of data controller, we are obligated to protect your data with an utmost caution and in line with relevant data protection laws.
Legal Ground for Processing
We rely on our legitimate interest when we process your personal data, namely to persist with constant improvement and development of our products and services , safeguard the website , provide a means of communication , measure, gauge and improve the effectiveness of advertising available on the site , monitor and prevent any problems with our services and to personalize your experience .Additionally, mandatory legal obligations may require the processing of your data.We rely on your consent to send you notifications and newsletters.
Your Legal Rights
The European Union has a specific set of regulations for how companies should process personal data, including the General Data Protection Regulation (also known as GDPR).According to GDPR you have the right to:
Lodge an objection regarding your data (processing and usage of it).
Access your personal data that we hold.
Correct (by making a request) any personal data that is incorrect or out of date.
Obtain portability of your personal data.
Impose a limit on our use and processing of your personal data.
Withdraw consent to data processing.
Enforce deletion of data.
If you feel that your personal data rights have been breached, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority. The relevant Data Protection Authority in EU Member States may be determined either by your place of habitual residence, or the place where the alleged infringement emerged. If you have questions regarding exercising your rights, or if you want to send us a request concerning your rights, please contact us on
As we are established in Denmark, you may choose to contact the
Danish Data Protection Agency:Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5, DK-1300 Copenhagen K.
Data Protection
Your personal data will not be collected excessively, therefore we only process data that we really need. We keep your data up to date . All your information will be stored securely.The processing will not take longer than necessary for the purpose of it.
In order to achieve that we apply different technical and organisational measures to ensure the protection of your personal data againsttheft,unlawful access,partial or complete lossand unlawful and/or unauthorised data processing.Security and business requirements serve as a basis for these restrictions.Our control of access is structured in multiple levels.Access to your personal data is only available to trained and authorised personnel, whose knowledge and skills are necessary to fulfil their obligations arising out of, or in connection with the performance of their job.
Our Use of Cookies
The use of cookies enables the improvement of website functionalities, promotion of our products and delivering the content from third parties.To process the data mentioned above we use cookies and similar technologies.To find out more about the cookies that we use on our site, please read our Cookie Policy.
Transferring Your Data
We may need to transfer your personal data to a recipient registered in a third country located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)in order to provide our services on a regular basis and/or to further develop our services.In this case, we will take all measures to ensurethat your data is protected as suggested by the GDPR and other laws for data protection that apply.
Below is an overview of recipients (countries outside of the EEA) that we may transfer your data to:
A recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of data protection, according to the European Commission. In this case, we will use contracts (Data Protection Agreements) that require the recipient to protect your personal data using the same standards used within the EEA and implement appropriate safeguards, as defined by the applicable data protection law, particularly the GDPR.
A recipient based in a country that the European Commission considers to have an adequate level of data protection. A list of countries with an adequate level of data protection can be found
here.
A recipient based in the US, whereby we aim to transfer your data in the way set out by the Privacy Shield mechanism. More about the EU-US Privacy Shield mechanism is available
here.
Who Else Can Access Your Data
We may share your data with entities who help us with our services (‘third parties’).They are allowed to process your information as reasonably necessary in order to perform delegated tasks.Please be aware that only we can determine the purpose and means of the processing of your data, as well as decide which of your data is going to be processed to perform delegated tasks.Third parties are defined asentities who help us to regularly provide and further develop our services (e.g. analytics, maintenance, marketing, development).
In addition, we may share your data withsubcontractors and employees of the Better Collective Group, including Better Collective A/S and its’ subsidiariesas well asentities that the law requires or permits us to do so (e.g. law enforcement and public authorities).
End Notes
This Privacy Notice may be modified when required.
Essential modifications are announced before application so you are aware of the scope of changes beforehand.Essential modifications are those that may affect your rights and obligations in connection with the processing of your personal data.When we make minor modifications to this Privacy Notice, this will not have any influence on your rights or obligations.By continuing to use our website after we publish the updated Privacy Notice with only minor modifications, you accept to be bound by the updated rules.
Bonus-code-bet.com.au uses cookies to give you the best user experience. By continuing to use the site you agree to our cookie policy.OkRead more
+18
Please play responsibly