https://bournemouthhc.co.uk/policies/emergency-procedures/
As a section of Bournemouth Sports Club, Bournemouth HC has no specific responsibilities regarding emergency procedures in the clubhouse complex.
We are however required to adhere to any Sports Club staff instructions and behave appropriately in the event of an emergency in the clubhouse.
If there is an incident on the astro turf area whilst hockey sessions are in progress, the lead coach or team manager should identify a qualified first aider.
If there is an accident and the individual is being treated by someone other than Bournemouth Sports Club staff, the club manager or representative should be informed on the day the incident occurs so that an accident form can be completed.
If there is an accident and someone requires attention, someone should access the bar area in the club house and alert staff so they can inform the designated first aider
It is the responsibility of the club to ensure that its members are aware of all emergency procedures.
Out of hours emergency contact numbers
The sports club facilities are only available out of hours by prior arrangement, So someone may be organised to provide cover.
Person in charge of the following incidents
– Lead Coaches/Team Managers for incidents on the pitch
– Duty Manager – Bournemouth Sports Club
First Aid
A first aid kit is located In the clubhouse building, however all Bournemouth HC team managers & coaches are provided with a first aid kit which they are responsible for ensuring is available at every training session and matches.
All team managers/coaches will be qualified in first aid in order to provide cover for matches and training sessions wherever they are taking place.
The nearest telephones are located in the clubhouse building.
England Hockey & Bournemouth Hockey Club strongly recommend all coaches, team managers & team captains attend a certificated emergency first aid course lasting a minimum of 3 hours and including CPR training. It must be a current and maintained certification.
*A refresher or re-certification is required every 3 years.
Should a member of the club require first aid treatment a first aider should be summoned by the quickest available means. NB. A qualified first aider should be attendance at all club sessions.
Major Injury
Arrange for injured person to be taken to hospital or ring for an ambulance
a) Use your discretion as to whether to administer first aid.
b) Telephone the next of kin.
c) Record any incident or injury and complete the accident book at the club house.
Contacting the emergency services
When calling the emergency services it is important that they are given the following information.
Remember, when calling 999 for the police, ambulance or fire brigade, the ‘control room’ for these services may not be local, do not expect the operator know where your club is located.
The Club’s postcode is BH23 6BD
Bournemouth Sports Club at Chapel Gate
Procedure: Keep calm, speak clearly
Give your name – state the service(s) that you require
Give full name, address and telephone number of the club/ facility/ school
Location, details and time of the accident/ incident
Number of casualties and their condition together with the details of treatment which is being administered or has be given
Access point for ambulance
Someone should be instructed to meet the ambulance which will aid medics to reach the casualty as quickly as possible.
Fire
On discovering a fire the nearest fire alarm must be activated. Do not attempt tackle the fire unless safe to do so (i.e. the fire can be quickly extinguished with minimum of risk to self).
It is the responsibility of the club committee to ensure that all members and staff understand the basic fire precaution arrangements and procedures:
The location of fire alarms and how to use them
The location of fire exits
The location of assembly points
The location of fire extinguishers and fire fighting equipment
A fire point should be allocated.
If evacuation is necessary it is important remember the following golden rules:
Do not panic – keep a clear head
Raise the alarm and call the fire services
Do not stop to collect personal belongings or allow others to do so
No heroics – People before property
Close doors behind you
Where possible use the nearest fire exit
Take all registers and once at the assembly point account for all participants and coaches. (The designated assembly point is the oak tree located in the centre of the car park area).
Do not use any lifts
Do not re-enter the building or allow others to do so until instructed by the Fire Officer in charge
Record any incident or injury and complete the accident book/ form.
Lost Person
In the event of losing a person an announcement should be made over the public address system requesting them to come to the meeting place.
In the case of children, do not mention that they are lost.
Do not request the assistance of members of the public in the search (i.e. ‘we have a lost child – has anyone seen them’?)
Should relatives/lost person not be located after an extensive search it may necessary to call the police service (i.e. vulnerable persons).
Assault
Should an actual or alleged assault incident take place the senior officer available should be informed or summoned if on the site.
The incident should be investigated in an attempt to find the background fact:
that led to the assault and seek witnesses (names and addresses to be taken)
where injury has been sustained, first aid should be provided and if necessary the ambulance and police service should be called. An incident report form should be completed.
Drug / Alcohol Abuse
All persons found to be under the influence of drugs and/ or alcohol shall be escorted off the club site by the most senior officer available.
It is important that club members or staff do not unduly place themselves at risk when dealing with disruptive or threatening behaviour relating from drug or alcohol abuse. In all serious cases the police service should be summoned.
In serious cases (i.e. unconscious casualty) the ambulance service must be called. During the interim period the casualty should be treated by a qualified first aider.
In such cases discarded items such as drug packaging should be brought to the attention of the ambulance service; this information may be vital to the emergency services to enable them to provide the appropriate care and treatment.
*All these emergency procedures have been adopted by Bournemouth Hockey Club and approved for use by the Bournemouth Hockey Club Committee