https://bournemouthhc.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Privacy Policy
Our website address is: https://www.bournemouthhc.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) & Registration forms
We collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) that is volunteered during the registration process. By becoming a member of Bournemouth Hockey Club, members must fill in the online registration form in order to facilitate the smooth running of the Club and efficient communications regarding teams, matches and events.
In the event that a player is injured, completion of the registration forms provides permission to the Club to arrange any necessary treatment, including calling Emergency Services if required.  Whilst coaches and club personnel will take every precaution, they cannot be held responsible for any loss, damage or injury suffered whilst a Bournemouth Sports Club.
Match Report Forms
For ladies and girls playing in the West Hockey Leagues, names of players are recorded on match report forms which are submitted electronically to the League and held in a secure environment for examination and investigation by League Secretaries as required.
This data is held until the end of the season to which it refers and will then be deleted. By registering as a member of Bournemouth Hockey Club, consent is given to allow this information to be shared with the League, as the business of the League cannot be conducted without it and the club would be in breach of the League rules if it was not supplied.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Who we share your data with
By becoming a member of Bournemouth Hockey Club, members must fill in the online registration form. This information will be shared with the Club’s coaches, team co-ordinators and Welfare Officer as and when required in order to facilitate the smooth running of the Club and efficient communications regarding teams, matches and events.
Should a member choose to provide their ethnicity as part of player registration, the member consents to this information being used to monitor diversity across the sport and could be shared with England Hockey should they request it.
We do not sell your data to any third party.
How long we retain your data
Member registration data is held for the lifetime of your membership. You may request the deletion of your information on cancellation of your membership by contacting bmthhockey@gmail.com.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Embedded content from other websites
League results featuring Bournemouth Hockey Club teams in West Clubs Leagues and South Hockey Leagues are embedded on this website via iFrames and are, as such, governed by their respective privacy policies.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
In compliance with the 2011 EU Cookie Law, our website operates on an ‘Implied Consent’ basis. This means that we will assume that you have opted-in for our website to deploy cookies until you choose to deactivate them within your browser settings or via the instructions below.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Comments
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
User Accounts
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form.
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on bournemouthhc.co.uk
how long you spend on each bournemouthhc.co.uk page
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
Google Analytics sets or updates cookies only to collect data required for the reports. Additionally, Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies. This means that all cookies set by Google Analytics for your domain send data only to the servers for your domain. This effectively makes Google Analytics cookies the personal property of this website domain, and the data cannot be altered or retrieved by any service on another domain.
Cookies Set By Google Analytics
Google Analytics sets the following cookies as described in the table below. A default configuration and use of Google Analytics sets only the first 4 cookies in the table.
Name
Description
Expiration
__utma
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit to your site from that web browser. If the cookie has been deleted by the browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits your site, a new __utma cookie is written with a different unique ID. This cookie is used to determine unique visitors to your site and it is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
2 years from set/update.
__utmb
This cookie is used to establish and continue a user session with your site. When a user views a page on your site, the Google Analytics code attempts to update this cookie. If it does not find the cookie, a new one is written and a new session is established. Each time a user visits a different page on your site, this cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes, thus continuing a single session for as long as user activity continues within 30-minute intervals. This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on your site for longer than 30 minutes. You can modify the default length of a user session with the _setSessionCookieTimeout()method.
30 minutes from set/update.
__utmz
This cookie stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach your site, whether via a direct method, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within your own site. The cookie is updated with each page view to your site.
6 months from set/update.
__utmv
This cookie is not normally present in a default configuration of the tracking code. The __utmv cookie passes the information provided via the _setVar()method, which you use to create a custom user segment. This string is then passed to the Analytics servers in the GIF request URL via the utmcc parameter. This cookie is only written if you have added the _setVar() method for the tracking code on your website page.
2 years from set/update.
__utmx
This cookie is used by Website Optimizer and only set when the Website Optimizer tracking code is installed and correctly configured for your pages. When the optimizer script executes, this cookie stores the variation this visitor is assigned to for each experiment, so the visitor has a consistent experience on your site.  See the Website Optimizer Help Center for more information.
2 years from set/update.
For further information about the Cookies Google uses please visit this Cookie Information Page.
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download and manage your settings in the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
How do I Control or Delete Cookies?
If cookies are not enabled on your computer it could mean that your experience with our website will be impacted. However, if you want to control or delete cookies you can do so.
Information on deleting cookies or controlling cookies is available at www.aboutCookies.org. You can also manage your cookies in your browser.
Changes to this Policy
We may, from time to time, amend this Policy, in whole or part, in our sole discretion. Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised policy on the Site. Depending on the nature of the change, we may announce the change (1) on the home page of the Site, or (2) provide such notice via e-mail to members. By continuing to use the Site following any changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or part, you must terminate your site usage.