http://boxingnewstv.com/privacy-policy/
Boxing News TV
Home
Boxing News
Boxing Results
Post Fight Analysis
Interviews
Features
Opinion
Boxing Videos
Home
Boxing News
Boxing Results
Post Fight Analysis
Interviews
Features
Opinion
Boxing Videos
Privacy Policy
Boxing News TV (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our website address is https://boxingnewstv.com.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to therein) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Ben Farooqi of 3 Rooley Close, Bradford, West Yorkshire, BD5 8JL.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site https://boxingnewstv.com. This includes information provided on contact forms, at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Boxing News TV, and when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy https://boxingnewstv.com/cookie-policy.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us on this website is stored on secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We store all personal information on our computer systems and in our paper records.
We have put in place strict security procedures to ensure that personal information is not damaged, destroyed or misused, and to prevent unauthorised access to your information.
The information that we collect is stored in a secure location with restricted physical access.
We also use a number of security measures to prevent electronic access.
Where – in line with this Privacy Notice – information is shared with third parties, similar security measures are used to protect your information.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To process your registration and confirm your identity.
To operate, monitor, evaluate and improve our products, services and websites
We will not share your personal identifiable information with any third-party providers.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you, or in regard to property maintenance.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Boxing News TV or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Boxing News TV our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at dc@boxingnewstv.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. You can also exercise this right at any time by contacting us at dc@boxingnewstv.com.
Access to information
If your personally identifiable information changes or you wish your information to be removed from our records, you may update or delete it by emailing dc@boxingnewstv.com. We will give you access to your personally identifiable information that we hold within 30 days of a request to access. You may send a request to this email address dc@boxingnewstv.com If you wish to stop receiving email newsletters, click on the unsubscribe link on any of the newsletters. We will retain your information for as long as required to deliver your service, agreement or resolve any issues. Please note that we cannot always delete records of all historical data. For example, we are required to retain certain records for financial reporting and compliance reasons.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to dc@boxingnewstv.com.
Accountability & Record Keeping
For further information about how long we will keep your information, please contact the Boxing News TV Data Protection Controller by email at dc@boxingnewstv.com.
FOLLOW BNTV.
33K
5K
18K
6K
2K