http://brainardphoto.com/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
May 8, 2018June 28, 2019
by febreg9
Last updated: June 28, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the http://brainardphoto.com website (the “Service”) operated by Brainard Photo Recreation (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Brainard Photo Recreation and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Brainard Photo Recreation.
Brainard Photo Recreation has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Brainard Photo Recreation shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
febreg9
Related articles Six Items You probably Did…Acmå¤§æ¾¤ Has The answer To…10 Explanations Why Agoraphobia Is…Easy Digital Photography Solutions Are…Wonderful Digital Photography Recommendations That…Several New Approaches To Photography…
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Six Items You probably Did not Find out about Taxi venlo.
Acmå¤§æ¾¤ Has The answer To The whole lot.
10 Explanations Why Agoraphobia Is Standard In United states.
Easy Digital Photography Solutions Are Right Below In This Article
Wonderful Digital Photography Recommendations That Everybody Ought To Know
Archives
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
May 2017
April 2017
October 2016
Categories
Photography
Recreation
Tagsphotography basics
photography for beginners
photography history
photography images
photography tips
photography tutorials
photography types
travel
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Oct
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy