https://bramham-horse.co.uk/privacy-statement
Buy Tickets
Live Feed
About Bramham
Tickets
Competitions
Visitor Info
Sponsors
Media
About Bramham
The Team
This Year’s Charity
How to Volunteer
Useful Links
Contact Us
News
Tickets
Competitions
Three Day Event
Other Competitions
Livestreams
Results 2019
Photo Competition
Visitor Info
FAQs
Facilities
Members
Caravans and Camping
Food and Drink
Hospitality
What’s on and when
Maps and Plans
Local Accommodation
Getting Here
Shopping
List of Trade Stands
How to Apply
Food Hall
Sponsors
Become a Sponsor
Equi-Trek
About our Sponsors
Media
Press Accreditation
Audio Interviews
Video Archive
Buy your tickets now
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We have updated our Privacy Notice in accordance with the new European Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) effective from May 2018.
We collect relevant data from a variety of groups including:
•	Purchasers of tickets
•	Trade Stand Exhibitors
•	Event officials
•	Volunteers
•	The Media
•	Competitors, Owners and Grooms
•	Sponsors, Advertisers and Supporters
•	Entrants to Competitions
•	Consumers of Services offered by Badminton Horse Trials
•	Contractors
•	Staff
We only collect such data as is necessary for us to communicate effectively about Bramham Horse Trials and to fulfil our obligations to the relevant person. Dependent on the category of the relevant person, we will collect:
•	Name, contact information including email, postal addresses and telephone numbers
•	Photographs
•	Video Content
We will only use the data to communicate about Bramham Horse Trials.
We will never sell or share the data with a third party, except in so far as it is required to deliver our services (eg.to Mailchimp or similar in order efficiently to manage electronic communications), or to meet our legal obligations.
We will use email addresses to send emails under mutual legitimate interest, such as emails connected with an order, information about the event and information about the next year.
Security of data. All Data is stored securely on our computers and servers, access to which is password protected.
You may request details of your personal information held by us, by emailing horsetrials@bramhampark.co.uk. You have the right to correct any errors in the data we hold.
You may instruct us to delete your information permanently or completely. You have the right to restrict the processing of your data. You have the right to data portability. You have the right to object to the processing of your data.
We will retain your data for a period of five years after the date of a Bramham Horse Trials in which you participated or which you attended, for our legitimate interests of marketing and communication. You may ask for your data to be removed at any time during this period.
During the year following the 5th anniversary your data will be permanently deleted.
View Submenu
Bramham
Book Tickets
Trade Enquiries
Sponsorship Enquiries
Contact Us
Legal
Privacy Statement
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Social
Twitter
Facebook
Contact
Horse Trials Office
Bramham Park, Wetherby, West Yorkshire
LS23 6ND
Tel: 01937 846005
Email: horsetrials@bramhampark.co.uk
Subscribe to our mailing list
© 2020 Copyright Bramham International Horse Trials