https://bridgendgolfclub.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Purpose of this Notice
This Privacy Notice outlines the way in which the Management Committee of Bridgend & District Golf Club will use personal information provided to us. Personal information includes any information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number.
The Management Committee recognises the importance of your privacy and personal information and we have therefore outlined below how we use, disclose and protect this information. The Management Committee is the data controller, because we decide how your data are processed and for what purpose. Contact details for us are provided below.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
How we use information
We use the information you give to us:• to administer member records;• in relation to participation in member activities;• to provide you with information about news, events, and activities within golf club;• to maintain our accounts and records; • CCTV is in place for the prevention and detection of crime.
The Council of the European Union has said that “the processing of personal data should be designed to serve mankind”. The law governing the handling of personal information changed with the coming into force of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) across the EU on 25 May 2018.
Under these regulations we have new obligations to inform members and others that we hold data on, about how we manage this data and what individuals’ rights are.
Disclosure of information
The Management Committee will only share your personal information where this is necessary for the purposes set out above. Information will not be shared with any third party out with Bridgend & District Golf Club without your consent unless we are obliged or permitted to do so by law.
Basis for processing personal information
The Management Committee processes your information in the course of its legitimate activities, with appropriate safeguards in place and on the basis that our processing relates solely to members or people who have regular contact with us, and that this information is not disclosed to any third party without your consent.We also process information where this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations; where processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms; and where you have given consent to the processing of your information for a particular purpose.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
You can contact us via our Contact Form at https://bridgendgolfclub.com/contact-us/ or by getting in touch with Alastair Walker, Club Secretary of Bridgend & District Golf Club.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, e-mail address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Additional information
Storage and security of personal information
The Management Committee will strive to ensure that personal information is accurate and held in a secure and confidential environment. We will keep your personal information for as long as you are a member or adherent or have regular contact with us or so long as we are obliged to keep it by law or may need it in order to respond to any questions or complaints or to show that we treated you fairly. We may also keep it for statistical purposes but if so, we will only use it for that purpose. When the information is no longer needed it will be securely destroyed or permanently rendered anonymous.
Inaccuracies and Objections
If you believe that any information the Management Committee holds about you is incorrect or incomplete or if you do not wish your personal information to be held or used by us please let us know. Any information found to be incorrect will be corrected as quickly as possible.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information, or to ask us to remove or stop using your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. There may be legal or other reasons why we need to keep or use your data, but please tell us if you think that we should not be using it.
If we are processing your data on the basis of your explicit consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us if you want to do so.
How to complain
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office about anything relating to the processing of your personal information by the Management Committee. You can contact the ICO via its website at www.ico.org.uk or at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: