https://ca.privacy.cbs/donotsell
Search
As a California consumer, you have the right to tell us not to disclose or transfer your personal information to a third party in exchange for something of value. This is referred to as the right to tell us “Do Not Sell” my personal information, or your right to “Opt Out of Sale.”
OPT OUT OF “SALE” OF PERSONAL INFORMATION ASSOCIATED WITH MY EMAIL ADDRESS
If you’re a registered user, you’ve signed up for a newsletter, or have otherwise provided us with your email address, you may exercise your opt-out choices by submitting a request here.
OPT-OUT OF THE “SALE” OF PERSONAL INFORMATION BY DAA PARTICIPATING COMPANIES FOR THIS DEVICE
On January 1, the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) is expected to release a CCPA compliance tool based on its Ad Choices tool, but adapted specifically for the “Do Not Sell My Personal Info” rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2019. This tool will offer a centralized place to opt out of the sale of personal information by any or all DAA participating companies that are collecting your personal information across multiple websites (including the CBS Services) and we will make it available here. Please keep in mind that while CBS provides the DAA tool as a means for companies who collect information on the CBS Services and who participate in the DAA program to receive and honor “Do Not Sell” choices, CBS does not control the activities of DAA participants or have the ability to verify or enforce any participant’s compliance with any DAA standards. Learn more about the DAA and check the status of their CCPA Opt Out Tool at https://www.privacyrights.info. In the meantime, please review the ADDITIONAL CHOICES ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR BROWSER OR DEVICE section below, which includes the current DAA Ad Choices tool.
ADDITIONAL CHOICES ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR BROWSER OR DEVICE
CBS, service providers working on our behalf, and third parties who collect information on our pages, may automatically receive certain information associated with you and/or your device(s) as part of your use of the CBS Services through browser-based or device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts, or other technology. You can opt out of the use of these tracking technologies, but you must do so on each browser or device, and if you block cookies completely (as explained in our cookie policy), we and others will not be able to receive and honor your opt-out preferences.
The personal information collected through these trackers is associated with your browser or device, and not your name or email address, so if you would like to opt-out of for this information you will need to disable cookies or trackers as described in the link below. Because your opt-out preference is stored in a cookie, if you reset your advertising ID or clear your cookies then we will not recognize your device or your choices, so you must opt-out again.
Learn more about cookies and other online tracking technologies, including how to disable them at privacy.cbs/cookies.
Learn more about how your personal information is used for personalized advertising, including third party personalized advertising, by visiting privacy.cbs/personalizedads.
Terms of Use
Privacy Topics
Privacy Policy
Cookies & Other Online Tracking Technologies
CBS Television Stations and FCC Requirements
Children’s Privacy Policy
Information for Visitors from California
Information for Visitors from Australia
Information for Visitors from Canada
Information for Visitors from the European Union (EU)
Information for Visitors using Last.fm
Personalized Advertising
Video Services Policy
Privacy Policies
CBS Companies
Pop TV
Showtime
Simon & Schuster
Smithsonian Channel
©2020 ViacomCBS - All rights reserved.