http://camberwelldragons.com/terms-conditions/
Contact Us
Camberwell Basketball Association
About Dragons
Contact Us
Committee
Life Members
Venues
Sponsors/Partners
Positions Available
News
Club News
Calendar
Camberwell Dragons
Domestic
Domestic Juniors
Domestic Seniors
VJBL
Information
Fixtures / Results
Teams
Training
Tryouts
Tournaments
Merchandise
Youth League
Men
Women
Big V
Men
Women
Program
Dragons Pathway
Aussie Hoops
Development Squad
Holiday Camps
Individual Coaching
Referees
About Us
Contact Us
Becoming A Referee
Officiating Myths
Resources
Forms
Policies & Rules
Code of Conduct
Coaches Corner
Insurance
Links
Dragons Insight
Welcome to Camberwell Dragons Basketball Association
Terms and Conditions Camberwell & District Basketball Association
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Member”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Association’s terms and conditions. “The Association”, “Ourselves”, “We” and “Us”, refers to our Association. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Member and ourselves, or either the Member or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Member in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Member’s needs in respect of provision of the Association’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing English Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized members within the association on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual members. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our members. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible
Confidentiality
We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and as such, any information concerning the member and their respective Member Records may be passed to third parties. However, Members records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other Basketball Victoria if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Association will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer
Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an “as is” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Association:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Association literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Association of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
The Association does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within Australia.  All advertising is intended solely for the Australian market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Association. The Association does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability.
Links to this website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Association will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Association’s services and the full content of this website.
This Association’s logo is a registered trademark of this Association in Australia. The brand names and specific services of this Association featured on this web site are trademarked.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website
Notification of Changes
The Association reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site.
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the member and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein.
Top of Page
Follow / Like Camberwell Dragons
Camberwell Dragons Basketball Association
Welcome to the Camberwell Dragons Basketball Website, one of Melbourne’s fastest growing basketball associations in the eastern suburbs over the past 15 years.
With over 2,000 affiliated members, the highly esteemed Dragons are committed to the development of high level basketball.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Camberwell Dragons, 2012
Designed & Developed by Emily Gray, Josh Smith & PharmTechi