http://camberwelldragons.com/policy-privacy/
Contact Us
Camberwell Basketball Association
About Dragons
Contact Us
Committee
Life Members
Venues
Sponsors/Partners
Positions Available
News
Club News
Calendar
Camberwell Dragons
Domestic
Domestic Juniors
Domestic Seniors
VJBL
Information
Fixtures / Results
Teams
Training
Tryouts
Tournaments
Merchandise
Youth League
Men
Women
Big V
Men
Women
Program
Dragons Pathway
Aussie Hoops
Development Squad
Holiday Camps
Individual Coaching
Referees
About Us
Contact Us
Becoming A Referee
Officiating Myths
Resources
Forms
Policies & Rules
Code of Conduct
Coaches Corner
Insurance
Links
Dragons Insight
Welcome to Camberwell Dragons Basketball Association
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Camberwell & District Basketball Association is committed to the protection of your personal information held within our Association. This Internet Privacy Statement demonstrates our commitment to your privacy.
Collection of your personal information
If you have registered to receive our email newsletters, or have requested information, completed surveys, contracted our services or have forwarded your resume to us, the information about your interests and the result of any surveys etc that you complete are collected and stored in our database.
Use of your personal information
Camberwell & District Basketball Association does not sell or share your personal information with any third party, except as required by law or other legal processes with Basketball Victoria. Any information we have collected from our website, subscription services or accounting systems will be stored in our database and are not given to any unauthorised third party without your consent.
Your personal information will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law. The information may also be used to provide you with relevant information on our services, products and events.
Security of your personal information
Camberwell & District Basketball Association protects and secures your personal information by storing information on a secure computer server within a secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
Future enhancements and changes to our Privacy Statement
We are committed to the protection of your personal information collected, stored and used by Camberwell & District Basketball Association. We will continue to improve our existing services and introduce new services in the future. As a result, our Privacy Policy will be reviewed as appropriate and Camberwell & District Basketball Association reserves the right to change its privacy statement at any time.
Further Information
We recognise our responsibility for protecting the privacy of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about the administration of your personal information, please contact us via the secretary | secretary@camberwelldragons.com.
Top of Page
Follow / Like Camberwell Dragons
Camberwell Dragons Basketball Association
Welcome to the Camberwell Dragons Basketball Website, one of Melbourne’s fastest growing basketball associations in the eastern suburbs over the past 15 years.
With over 2,000 affiliated members, the highly esteemed Dragons are committed to the development of high level basketball.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© Camberwell Dragons, 2012
Designed & Developed by Emily Gray, Josh Smith & Heng-Shiou Liu