https://camogie.ie/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the privacy policy for www.camogie.ie, the official website of the Camogie Association.
The Camogie Association is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring a secure online experience. In general, you can view this site and all the latest news and results without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Sometimes, however, the Camogie Association needs to monitor website usage to help it to develop the website and our services.
Collection of Personal Information
The Camogie Association may offer certain functions and services which, if you choose to use them, will require information from you in order to work, such as your name, e-mail, address and mobile telephone number. The Camogie Association will endeavour to let you know before your personal information is collected from you on the internet.
Use of Personal Information
Primary Purposes
We use personal information for these primary purposes:
• To make the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal information more than once
• To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you
The Camogie Association is very much aware that some people will not want their information used other than for the purposes for which it was supplied; some will want to receive information from the Camogie Association on Association issues only and others will want to receive more information.
The Camogie Association will use your personal data for the administration of the game, but will give you the choice as to what information if any you wish to receive by email.
The Camogie Association will not use (or pass to any third party) contact data on children under the age of 16 for any commercial mailing purposes.
Providing you with information
The Camogie Association may also use your personal information for general statistical purposes. We also keep track of the domains from which users visit and analyse this data:
• For trends and statistics and to evaluate the efficiency of our website and our internet infrastructure
• To ensure that services offered (such as, but not limited to, chat and forums) are not abused
We may also use your information for detection of fraud and market research purposes.
Business relationships
The Camogie Association website contains links to other websites. The Camogie Association is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.
Cookies
Information may be sent to your computer in the form of an Internet “cookie” to allow the Camogie Association servers to monitor your requirements. The cookie is stored on your computer. The Camogie Association server may request that your computer return a cookie to it.
More information on how we handle Cookies is available HERE
Hopefully this information has clarified the Association’s approach towards your privacy, however if you would like further information then you can contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@camogie.ie
Privacy Policy
Our Sponsors
Our Partners