https://campaign-paintball.com/privacy-policy/
Like us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterJoin in on Instagram
01932 865 999
Browse:HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM YOU.
Campaign Paintball & Laser park is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website at www.campaign-paintball.com and all Campaign Websites.
Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By registering or booking an event on this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
However, Please be advised that we do not retain your credit card or payment information in any form.
All your details, including your email address, are kept private and are NEVER shared with 3rd parties.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you visit, either online, register, order products or services on www.campaign-paintball.com you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details and credit or debit card information.
We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and e-mails or letters you send to us.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our website and to supply the goods or services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the website or our services. Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know by email about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your details to us, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the site. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies by following the relevant instructions which can be found at www.aboutcookies.org. In that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. If you do not wish to receive cookies in the future, please let us know on the contact address below.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Follow Us: Like us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterJoin in on Instagram