https://carinmydna.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarIf you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us here.
At carinmydna.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by carinmydna.com and how it is used.
This Privacy Policy describes, among other things:
the types of information collected about you when you use carinmydna.com;
how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed;
your rights and how you can control this information; and
how we protect your information.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit our website. We may ask you for different types of information when you register for our services (including newsletters), enter one of our competitions, ask to work with us. The types of information we collect include your:
Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address and phone number
Username and password
Age and date of birth
Other demographic information, such as gender, job information, and postal code
Public information, including profile information
Communication preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive
Correspondence you send to us
Information carinmydna.com collects automatically
Our website may collect certain information automatically, including:
Your device type and settings, software used and browser type and operating system
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address
Websites or other services you visited before and after visiting a carinmydna.com
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within carinmydna.com
Information collected through cookies
Standard server log information
USE OF INFORMATION
We generally use the information we collect about you to:
Fulfill your requests for services and information, including to send you electronic newsletters
Enable you to participate in competitions
Provide you with information, special offers and promotional materials on behalf of carinmydna.com, companies within our corporate family, and third parties, in accordance with applicable law
Analyze the use of carinmydna.com Pages and information about visitors to our Services to understand and improve our service offerings
Customize the content you see when you visit a site controlled by carinmydna.com;
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests
Fulfill any other purposes that we will disclose to you either at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
There may be times when we must share your personal data with others such as when, for example, we are required to do so by law, or to protect our business, or to protect our users. We may also share your personal data with others if we sell our business or a part of it. We also:
Allow authorized third parties to track and store information about visitors to our website
Disclose your personal data to those who are providing services to us if they have appropriate processes to protect your personal data
Otherwise, we will only share your personal information if you have consented to our doing so.
LEGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING
The legal basis we use to justify processing your personal data includes processing that is:
necessary for the performance of the contract between you and carinmydna (for example, to allow you to identify and authenticate yourself so you may use your account);
necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to assist legal authorities in their investigations);
necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you and to improve the website and our Services); and
based on consent you provide (for example, when you consent to us communicating with you about our products and services or provide you with marketing information).
GDPR RIGHTS FOR EUROPEAN UNION INDIVIDUALS
The law gives you certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you would like to exercise or discuss these rights, please contact us at this page.
For data which we obtain and collect from you, you have the right to:
Access this data and get a copy of it for free
Make changes to your personal data if it is incomplete or inaccurate
Restrict the processing of your personal data
Ask us to erase your personal data
Object to us processing your personal data
Ask us to make your data portable
Raise concerns regarding the use of your personal data
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We are committed to protecting your personal information. We have appropriate technical, organizational, and physical procedures in place to protect your information. Please note that, as with any transaction, no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure; however, we will do everything we can to protect your information.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
carinmydna.com contain links that will send you to websites and platforms owned by third-party affiliates. Keep in mind that this Privacy Policy only applies to carinmydna.com. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of affiliate websites, and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If we become aware that a child has provided personal data to us, we will delete such data as soon as possible. If you have information that your child or any other child is using our service, please contact us at this page.
USER GENERATED CONTENT
Some carinmydna.com pages allow users to post their own content for reviews. Please remember that any information you post becomes public information, and we recommend you exercise caution when posting any personal information such as photos or your contact information. We may not be able to stop such information from being used in a way that violates this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, carinmydna.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
carinmydna.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Amazon Associates Program
carinmydna.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on carinmydna.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to carinmydna.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
Commission Junction
Clickbank
Amazon Associates
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on carinmydna.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
carinmydna.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. carinmydna.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Car in my DNA app Privacy Policy
Web Global Solutions built the Car in my DNA app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Web Global Solutions at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Car in my DNA unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Scroll Up