http://catchin24.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Catchin 24
Home
About
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Contact
Catchin 24
Delicious Recipes In The World
Popular Recipes
Cake Recipes
Chicken Recipes
Egg Recipes
Meat Recipes
Popular Recipes
Cake Recipes
Chicken Recipes
Egg Recipes
Meat Recipes
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Catchin 24
At Catchin 24, accessible from www.catchin24.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Catchin 24 and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
Catchin 24 follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Catchin 24 uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read the “What Are Cookies” article on Cookie Consent website.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Catchin 24.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Catchin 24, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Catchin 24 has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Catchin 24’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Catchin 24 does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Catchin 24. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Monkey Balls
Turkey Pot Pie Over Rice
Homemade Cheez-Its (Or Mini Cheese Biscuits)
Caramelitas
Slow Cooker Salsa Chicken
French Peasant Bread
Salsa
Easy Italian Salad Recipes
Butterflake Frozen Dough Rolls
Chocolate and Coconut Cream Pie Bars
Six Layer Bean Dip
Hearty Queso Chicken Soup with Black Beans and Potatoes
HealthIER Cheesy Potatoes aka Funeral Potatoes
Oreo Brownies
Turtle Cookies
Slow Cooker Jambalaya Soup
Grandma’s Hot Dish
Butter Pecan Ice Cream
Turkey Tetrazzini
Fruit Pizza (Individual Size)
Bread Machine Challah Bread
Split Pea Soup
Cinnamon Roll Cake
Sour Cream Chicken
Pumpkin Roll
Chocolate Molten Lava Cake
Potato Salad
Roasted Shrimp And Brussels Sprouts
Homemade Spaghetti Bolognese Recipe
Super Tender Home Style BBQ Ribs
Turkey Salad Sandwich
4th of July Cupcakes
Vegan Cheese Sauce
Thai Chicken Naan Pizza
Ooey-Gooey Peanut-Butter Brownies
Oatmeal Peanut Butter Cookies
Cherry Bread Recipes
Homemade Sweetened Condensed Milk (Throwback Thursday)
Betty Crocker Carrot Cake-Oatmeal Cookies
Cheeseburger Pie Recipes
Sambar Recipe
Slow Cooker Chicken Cordon Bleu
Potato Dauphinoise
French Onion Salisbury Steak
Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Sun Dried Tomato Dip
Strawberry Yogurt Pancakes Recipe
Almond Joy Cookies
Potatoes Romanoff
Cinnamon Roll Cookies
Cookie Cutter Peppermint Bark
Chocolate Cupcakes with Peanut Butter Frosting
Baked Potato Soup
Crock Pot Beef and Broccoli
Butter Brickle Frozen Delight
Categories
Baked
Cake Recipes
Chicken Recipes
Egg Recipes
Meat Recipes
Popular Recipes
Copyright 2010 Catchin24.com