https://celtictrust.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your privacy is important to us. It is The Celtic Trust’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our websites, http://www.celtictrust.net, http://members.celtictrust.net, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll use our best endeavours to protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as any reasonably foreseeable unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us. This policy is effective as of 24 January 2020.
Latest News
Fan protest (Covid-compliant)
9th December 2020
Open Meeting 5 December – Summary
5th December 2020
MEMBER UPDATE: Celtic PLC AGM 2020
1st December 2020
URGENT NOTICE TO CELTIC PLC 6% PREFERENCE SHAREHOLDERS
21st July 2020
SHAREHOLDERS WHO HAVE A SHARE CERTIFICATE
24th June 2020
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok