https://celticfairways.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
General
Welcome to Celtic Fairways Website. The Terms and Conditions apply to all transactions between the user or viewer of our website ‘you’ and Celtic Fairways. They do not affect your statutory rights. Please ensure that you read them carefully before placing an order with us.
Access to this website is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend services without any notice. Any changes will take effect on the date they are posted on our website. We are not be liable for any reason that this Website should be unavailable to browse.
If you require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact us
Prices
The total price payable will be stipulated at the time when you place your order whether or not the order has been acknowledged. We are entitled to make adjustments to the price to take account of any increase in our supplier’s, prices, or the imposition of any taxes or duties, or if due to an error or omission the price published for the goods is wrong whether or not the order has been acknowledged. We will inform you of the correct price and give you the opportunity to cancel the order. Prices may vary and may not be available over the telephone.
If we discover a pricing error we will, at our discretion, either: contact you and ask you whether you wish to cancel your order or continue with the order at the correct price; or notify you that we have cancelled your order. We will not be obliged to supply goods at the incorrect price.
Prices that are reduced for sales and promotions are only valid for the specified period.
Tax Charges
For orders made from the Ireland or the European Union, 23% VAT is added. The correct VAT will be calculated at checkout.
Credit Card Security
For 100% security we use Stripe to process your credit/debit card details. We do not hold these details nor at any time do we see them. This gives you complete confidence that you are purchasing from a totally secure website.
Protecting Your Security
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Our Guarantee To You
Celtic Fairways want to make sure your experience with us is flawless. We aim to make your experience quick and easy. Our response time in within the next working day. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with us for any reason. If you have an enquiry, need to cancel an order or amend one or need technical advice, we are here to help. We pride ourselves on customer service and will do everything we can to help you in the shortest time possible.
Contact Us
We can be contacted by the following means: Email: info@celticfairways.com Telephone: +353-1-8284008
Address: Argyle Square, Morehampton Road, Donnybrook, Dublin 4, D04 T6Y2, Ireland.