https://celticfairways.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
May 2018
What do we use your personal information for?
Products and services information
If you have asked to receive information about our products and services, you have specifically consented to your email address being used to send you:
.  our regular “newsletters” and news related to Celtic Fairways.
.  information related to our services;
.  industry news and information
You can withdraw this consent at any time by writing to us at info@celticfairways.com. We may periodically write to you asking you to re-confirm your consent to receive information about our services. Your email address will be retained for this purpose until you withdraw your consent.
Other Uses
Your personal information will also be processed:
.  to manage your personal data in accordance with this privacy notice; and
.  to comply with our data protection and other legal obligations, including periodically seeking the renewal of consent for the processing of your personal information where required.
Payment processing
To help us provide our services, we may share your personal information with third party companies who provide e-commerce to Celtic Fairways.
We use a third-party provider Stripe to process payments on our website. For more details on how Stripe use your personal data, please visit: stripe.com/guides/general-data-protection-regulation
We do not retain any credit card details you supply but may access the Stripe system to review your transaction for the purposes of account management (in the context of our contract(s) with you and on the basis of our legitimate business interests) and fraud detection (on the basis our legitimate business interests).
What are your rights?
Right to withdraw consent:
You can withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information at any time. Write to us at our address or email us at info@celticfairways.com. Once your request has been verified, we will stop our processing within one working day. This only applies in respect of processing where your consent has been provided, for instance, receiving products and services information.
Accessing, deleting and rectifying your personal information
You have the right to:
.  access your personal information;
.  require us to delete it; or
.  rectify any personal information we hold that is incorrect.
If you want to exercise these rights, please let us know in writing. You will need to provide sufficient information to verify and complete your request. We will complete your request within thirty days.
Lodging a complaint
You can at any time complain about our processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority. Celtic Fairways’ supervisory authority is: Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, R32 AP23, Co. Laois, Ireland (www.dataprotection.ie)
How do you contact us?
The data controller is Celtic Fairways.
You can write to us at Celtic Fairways, Argyle Square, Morehampton Road, Donnybrook, Dublin 4, D04 T6Y2, Ireland.
You can email us at info@celticfairways.com