http://centraltorontoskating.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your access to the Central Toronto Skating Club (“CTSC”) website, whether: (a) accessed on a computer (including mobile phone, smartphone, etc.) connected to the internet at www.centraltorontoskating.com or (b) on CTSC social media properties; (individually and collectively, (a) and (b) are the “CTSC Website”), as owned and operated by the CTSC, an Ontario not-for-profit corporation having its registered address at 140 Sherbourne Street, Toronto, Ontario (referred to in these Terms as “we”, “us” or the “Company”).
Introduction to Privacy Policy
CTSC discloses the privacy practices of the CTSC Website in this Privacy Policy. CTSC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the CTSC Website, you can send an email to info@centraltorontoskating.com or you can send mail to:
Central Toronto Skating Club
Moss Park Arena
140 Sherbourne Street
Toronto, Ontario M5A 2R6
General
All information gathered by CTSC through your purchases, registrations or use of the CTSC Website visits is kept confidential. We respect your privacy and confidence.
Collection of Personal Information
a) Collection of information at registration – CTSC will collect personal information, such as names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, membership, program registration and purchases.
b) Collection of Information submitted by you – on a voluntary basis such as email subscriptions, contest information, etc.
c) Traffic Data – The CTSC Website may log IP addresses and browser details during your site visit.
d) Use of Cookies – CTSC may use “cookies” to track your web browsing and registration activities and preferences on the CTSC Website. Cookies are data files transferred to your computer’s hard-drive through your browser by a website to keep track of certain preferences or activities to streamline subsequent website visits.
e) Online and Mobile Advertising – CTSC may allow third parties to use cookies on the CTSC website to collect the same type of information for the same purposes as CTSC. These companies as well as data analytics companies who service them may collect information, such as your computer’s IP address, browser information, mobile device ID, and search queries as you use the CTSC website. These companies also may use cookies and other technologies to collect data about you when you visit our website. Cookies from advertising companies enable them to track your activity across various websites where they display advertisements and record and associate your activities, so they can show advertisements that they consider relevant to you. We do not have access to or control over the cookies that these third-parties use.
f) Use of analytics tools – The CTSC website may from time to time implement other third-party analytics services that also use cookies. We will ensure that no personally identifiable information is included in those cookies. If the use of cookies by any service provider differs materially from the practices already listed, we will revise this document accordingly and notify existing customers of the change(s). Other cookies created by the CTSC Website are used to secure your login session and to help ensure the security of your account. Such cookies are unrelated to the aforementioned traffic analysis and are never shared with third parties.
g) Location Data – When you access the CTSC Website using a web browser or other application, we may gather and store certain types of information including: traffic data from your browser, your IP address, location, GPS signals sent by a mobile device, cookie information, and the pages you visit. Traffic data is helpful in identifying and improving your online experience.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
CTSC will use personal information for the following purposes:
a) General Use
Communicate information relating to the operation and promotion of the club with our customers, members and skating program participants including, but not limited to, organization details, program information, club communications, member communications, fundraising, special events and volunteer information; arrange for instruction and encourage the practice and enjoyment of the sport; help organize and operate competitions, test days and performances; and communicate with prospective members about club information and promotions.
b) Third-party disclosure
Register your membership with club associated governing bodies that you consent to (e.g. Skate Canada)
c) Surveys
Conduct surveys designed to help us improve CTSC’s programs. Any Personal Information provided to the Company in connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey and as elsewhere set forth in this Policy.
d) Retaining Information
Enable CTSC’s administrative staff and board of directors to administer business activities, programs, registrations through the acts including, but not limited to, program registrations, responding to questions and member feedback, informing members or upcoming fundraising, special events and volunteer information.
Enable CTSC to provide better services and processes to better meet the needs of our membership.
CTSC does not store any credit card number and security information (e.g. CVV numbers) on the CTSC Website.
Photography and Video
CTSC will from time to time, take photographs or videos of its programs and/or special events. All content collected by CTSC remains the property of CTSC and may be used on the CTSC Website, social or other media channels for club promotion and communications. All other use requires the prior written permission of CTSC.
Accuracy of Information and Individual Access
CTSC relies on you to ensure that the personal information you enter into our system is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. You may make changes or corrections to your Personal Information at any time. You may review or update your personal information by clicking your settings tab in your business dashboard or in the menu located within your personal profile. You are responsible for ensuring that that the information you have entered into our system is accurate, reliable and complete.
Third Party Service Providers
For normal club operations, CTSC may disclose some information to service providers and suppliers for the operation of the CTSC Website, arrange instruction and to manage your membership, purchases and registrations. CTSC may also provide your personal information in good faith when required by law.
CTSC does not sell, rent or exchange any of the personal information collected in the manner described above with any third party except as described herein or as you may otherwise consent.
Links to other Websites
Links to sites controlled or operated outside of our domain (each individually a “Third-party Site” and collectively the “Third Party Sites”) are provided as a convenience to you only and do not imply an endorsement by us of a Third Party Site or the company it purports to represent. We do not assume any responsibility for information and materials found on, or the privacy practices of, a Third Party Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to a Third Party Site.
Security Measures
CTSC is committed to the protection of our members’ information. Sensitive and personal information is kept secure and strictly confidential. The CTSC Website has maintained using industry standard security measures to protect against loss, misuse, alteration and theft. Access to your personal information by CTSC’s administrative staff and board of directors is limited to a need-to-know basis.
Disclaimer
If you choose to access the CTSC Website, you do so at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the availability of the CTSC Website, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area and/or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. Our privacy policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies to serve and offer relevant advertisements.
Notifications
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we may notify you by the email address registered to your account.
We will never send email messages to customers requesting confidential information such as passwords, credit card numbers, or social security or social insurance numbers. Please do not act on any such emails as you may compromise your Personal Information by replying or by following links to a fraudulent website.
Miscellaneous
If any portion of this Privacy Policy is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, this Privacy Policy as a whole shall not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this Privacy Policy that is unlawful, void or unenforceable shall be stricken from this Privacy Policy. The insertions of headings are for convenient reference only and are not to affect the interpretation of this Privacy Policy.