http://centurycycles.com/about/policies-payment-returns-shipping-web-privacy-pg3232.htm
Skip to main content
WEB-ONLY SALE! 10% OFF Clothing, Parts, & Accessories on orders over $50! Discount will be shown in your cart (indoor trainers & car racks excluded). SHOP NOWOur stores are OPEN for sales & service with restrictions to keep you and our staff safe. Learn more about our COVID-19 policies & procedures.
Menu
x
Cart
Cart
Account
Account
Stores
Stores
About Us
The Century Cycles Difference
Our Stores
Medina
Peninsula
Rocky River
Our People
Meet Our Medina Staff
Meet Our Peninsula Staff
Meet Our Rocky River Staff
What We Ride
Where We Ride
Join Our Team!
Our Partners
Contact Us
FAQ
Define your life. Ride a bike.™
Customer Testimonials
Awards and Honors
Social & News Media
Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Century Cycles eNewsletter
Radio Century Cycles
Press Releases
News Archive
T-Shirt Timeline
Policies: Payment, Returns, Shipping, Web, Privacy
Online Catalog
Bikes
Bikes
Road
Mountain
Cyclocross
Commuter/Urban
Comfort
Cruiser
Fitness
Hybrid
Children's
BMX
Other
Parts
Parts
Bar Ends
BMX
Bottom Brackets
Brakes/Levers/Pads
Cables
Cassettes/Freewheels
Chainrings
Chains
Cranksets
Derailleurs
Forks
Groups
Handlebar Grips/Tape
Handlebars
Headsets
Pedals
Saddles
Seatposts
Shift/Brake Combinations
Shifters
Shocks
Stems
Other
Wheels
Wheels
Parts & Accessories
Wheels
Hubs
Rims
Spokes
Tires/Tubes
Tires/Tubes
Parts & Accessories
Tires
Tubes: All Sizes/Types
Accessories
Accessories
Children's-Bike Accessories
Body Care
Child Seats
Electronics
Eyewear
Fenders
Hydration
Lighting
Locks/Security
Media/Resources
Nutrition
Packs/Racks/Baskets
Pumps/Inflation
Safety
Storage
Tools/Maintenance
Trailers/Strollers
Travel Cases
Other
Indoor Cycling
Clothing
Clothing
Accessories
Gloves
Jerseys/Tops (Short Sleeve)
Outerwear
Protective/Armor
Running
Jerseys/Tops (Long Sleeve)
Shirts/Tops (Casual)
Shorts/Bottoms
Shorts/Bottoms (Casual)
Skinsuits
Socks
Triathlon
Undergarments
Wetsuits
Helmets
Helmets
Parts & Accessories
Adults
Kids
Shoes
Shoes
Casual Shoes
Parts & Accessories
Cycling Shoes
Car Racks
Car Racks
Accessories/Parts
Hitch-Mount
Pickup/RV/Spare-Tire Mount
Roof-Mount
Trunk-Mount
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Classes
Classes
Maintenance
Services
Bicycle Sales
Bicycles - Overview
Bike Gallery
Giant Bicycles
Liv Cycling
Jamis Bikes
Electra Bicycles
Salsa Cycles
Surly Bikes
Premium BMX
Day 6 Bicycles
Santana Tandems
Women's Bicycles
Kids' Bicycles
Adult Trikes
Unicycles
Closeout Bikes
Used Bicycles for Sale
Bicycle Rental
Bicycle Repairs
Tune-Ups
Pickup & Delivery
Clothing & Accessories Brands
Gift Cards
Trade In Your Used Bicycle
Tips & Help
Cleveland/Akron Bicycling Resources
Our Partners
Bicycle Types: How to Pick the Best Bike for You
How to do a Pre-Ride Safety Check
Bike Commuting Excuse Busters
How To Survive Road Hazards
How To Fix A Flat Tire
Dress For Success On Winter Rides
Tech Talk / 5 Tips
Events
Events Home
Bike MS Buckeye Breakaway
Bike To School Challenge
Century Days at Ray's!
Cycling Makes Sense Fitness Rides
Medina Sunday Road Bike Rides
Night Rides on the Towpath Trail
We Are Your Event Ride Headquarters
Calendar of Events
Events Archive
Where to Ride
RideSpot - Get the App!
Bike Paths
Mountain Bike Trails
Road Cycling Routes
Where We Ride
Bicycle Touring
Bike Aboard! on the Cuyahoga Valley Scenic Railroad
Find a Group Ride
COVID-19 Info
Payment OptionsIn our stores, we accept:CashVisa, MasterCard, and Discover credit/debit cardsCentury Cycles Gift CardsSorry, do not accept checks.We also offer a convenient lay-away program, where you can make payments on your merchandise, and then take it with you once it is paid in full.For purchases made on this web site, we accept:Visa, MasterCard, and Discover credit/debit cardsPayPalCentury Cycles Gift Cards
Return PolicyFor non-defective merchandise, new, unused merchandise may be returned within 30 days of purchase for a full refund or store credit when accompanied by the original receipt and packaging. Cycling shorts may not be returned since they are a next-to-skin item like a bathing suit. Used merchandise is not returnable. Gift cards may not be returned. No returns on any merchandise after 30 days. Labor fees are non-refundable.There are NO returns or exchanges permitted on Special-Order Items.If there’s a problem with something you purchased from us, please bring it back into one of our stores so that we can look it over. We like to see our customers happy with their purchases, and often problems are a result of just a misunderstanding about their proper use or setup. Hopefully, we can resolve the issue and help you make it work, and only do returns as a last resort.If necessary, you can return an item in one of our stores or ship it back. Ship returns via Ground UPS/FedEx or insured US Mail (we do not accept CODs).Please contact us before shipping any item back to us.
ShippingWe use USPS Priority Mail for shipping most online orders. This takes 2-3 days in most cases.We sometimes use UPS Standard Ground, which can take up to a week depending upon the destination.We will provide you a tracking number to keep tabs on the shipment of your order. We suggest that you provide a business address, if available, for your shipment, to ensure the security and reliability of your delivery.Please note that shipping time estimates are based on when your order leaves our store. We may need a few days before that to gather all of your items from our stores, and possibly between one and two weeks to obtain any special-order item(s) from our distributor(s).If you have an urgent need for a part or accessory, please call us, and we may be able to make special arrangements for overnight shipping or other options.We are only able to ship within the United States of America.
Web Site PoliciesCentury Cycles is primarily a bricks-and-mortar bicycle shop. Our first priority is to serve our in-store customers to the fullest extent possible in a friendly, face-to-face environment.We make our product catalog available on our web site so that our customers who like to do their product research online can have access to the information they need to make informed decisions. If you are in urgent need of a part or accessory, we recommend that you call us first to verify availability before placing an online order or making a special trip to one of our stores.We carry many more products in addition to what are listed here. Likewise, this site shows some products that are not in stock in our stores, but are available by special-order from some of our vendors. When looking at a specific product, remember to click on the "Check Store Availability" link to view stock status.Browse Globally, Buy LocallyLike you, we’re excited about all the changes happening in the world. And we recognize that the world we all live in, while still vast in a geographic sense, is much smaller today, mostly because of technology, such as the Internet that’s connecting us to you at this very moment.As you travel the World Wide Web in search of information, we hope you’ll remember that there are many businesses with addresses just a few steps or miles from yours, who value your business and support many of the local events and learning opportunities right here in your community.These businesses include the bike stores in our area. We know. We’re one of them. And all of us work hard to earn your business day in and day out. The next time you need something for your bike or just want to know about a good place to ride, we hope you’ll remember to check with us, in person, as well as exploring our website. We look forward to seeing you next time you’re riding through the neighborhood.Prices and InformationThis website is intended to help you. We make every effort to maintain current, accurate prices in our on-line catalog. And we strive for similar accuracy and timeliness with the other information we offer here. We appreciate your understanding should any of the prices or other information provided be incorrect and regret any inconvenience such mistakes may create. Please bring any errors you may find to our attention on your next visit or by sending us an e-mail to: webmaster@centurycycles.comOur DiscretionWe reserve the right to cancel any online order for reasons we see fit, such as stock status, supplier agreements, or pricing. This policy overrides any information that may be displayed elsewhere.
Your PrivacyThank you for reviewing our policies regarding any personal information you may choose to provide in our stores or on our website. We take your privacy very seriously and carefully protect any and all information entrusted to us. We only collect information that helps us serve you better and that you voluntarily provide. We do not share your information with anyone else unless you've approved of such sharing in advance.What Information We CollectThe following types of information may be collected in our stores and at this website  (if you volunteer it):your first and last nameyour street address, city, state and ZIP Codeyour e-mail addresspertinent information specific to an event or activity (where relevant)More About E-Mail & Postal AddressesIf you supply us with your e-mail and/or postal addresses, and do not specify otherwise, you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events.If, later, you decide you no longer wish to receive such email messages, all of them contain a "Safe Unsubscribe" link that lets you immediately opt of of receiving them. Note that if you do opt out of receiving marketing-related emails, we may still send you emails with information relevant to orders placed on this web site.If you would like to opt of our receiving postal mail from us, you may let us know by sending an e-mail, calling, or writing us. To ensure we correctly identify you (many names are similar), please be sure to include your complete name and address associated with your record. This helps us accurately locate your information in our file. Such information will only be used to comply with your request.If you would like to see your contact information we have on file, please call, email, or stop in or let us know. If you move and would like to continue receiving postal mail from us, please feel free to give us your new address; we'll be happy to update our files.Periodic UpdatesPlease check this page for periodic updates on our policies regarding any personal information you've provided to us via our website. Thank you for visiting us online. We appreciate the opportunity to serve you.
Permalink for this page: centurycycles.com/for/policies