https://charlestontriathlonclub.com/privacy/
Sequential Endurance Races
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy
Training Opportunities
Privacy
Charleston Triathlon Club is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Charleston Triathlon Club Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Charleston Triathlon Club website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Charleston Triathlon Club collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Charleston Triathlon Club also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Charleston Triathlon Club. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Charleston Triathlon Club for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Charleston Triathlon Club Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Charleston Triathlon Club public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Charleston Triathlon Club does not read any of your private online communications.
Charleston Triathlon Club encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Charleston Triathlon Club so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Charleston Triathlon Club is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Charleston Triathlon Club and Charleston Triathlon Club family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Charleston Triathlon Club collects and uses your personal information to operate the Charleston Triathlon Club Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Charleston Triathlon Club also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Charleston Triathlon Club and its affiliates. Charleston Triathlon Club may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Charleston Triathlon Club does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Charleston Triathlon Club may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Charleston Triathlon Club may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Charleston Triathlon Club, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Charleston Triathlon Club does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Charleston Triathlon Club keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Charleston Triathlon Club, in order to determine what Charleston Triathlon Club services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Charleston Triathlon Club to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Charleston Triathlon Club Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Charleston Triathlon Club or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Charleston Triathlon Club; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Charleston Triathlon Club, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Charleston Triathlon Club Web site use ‘cookies’ to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Charleston Triathlon Club pages, or register with Charleston Triathlon Club site or services, a cookie helps Charleston Triathlon Club to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Charleston Triathlon Club Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Charleston Triathlon Club features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Charleston Triathlon Club services or Web sites you visit.
Changes to this Statement
Charleston Triathlon Club will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Charleston Triathlon Club encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Charleston Triathlon Club is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Charleston Triathlon Club welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Charleston Triathlon Club has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Charleston Triathlon Club at webmaster@charlestontriathlonclub.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Aug
Search for:
Categories
Bicycle Care
Event Preparation
Sport Tips
Triathlon Booster
Uncategorized
© Copyright Charleston Triathlon Club |
2019