http://charlottepass.com.au/privacy/
Home
Resort report
Lift trail status
Resort accommodation
Equipment Hire
Lift passes
Getting Here
Lucy Lodge
Sign up for news
Contact
Kosciuszko chalet hotel
Home
Resort report
Lift trail status
Resort accommodation
Equipment Hire
Lift passes
Getting Here
Lucy Lodge
Sign up for news
Contact
Kosciuszko chalet hotel
Privacy
Commitment to privacy and responsible use of information
Privacy of individuals is of utmost importance to us. This concerns information or opinions about guests, customers, visitors and contractors that we collect and record and which could be used to reasonably identify them.
We view your privacy as a serious matter. We strictly adhere to the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988. This Privacy Policy Statement sets out our policies on how we manage personal information across our business. We undertake to promptly acknowledge and investigate any complaint about the way we manage personal information.
Type of personal information we collect
The kind of information we collect depends on your relationship with us. Generally this may include:
Name, address, phone/fax/email and other contact details, age and date of birth and proof of identity information (eg drivers   licence);
An assessment of your skiing/boarding ability;
Your use of our products and services, and any special requirements or preferences you tell us about;
Details of ski-related accidents and other incidents; and
Sensitive information (with your consent) concerning health and religion, so that we may make any special arrangements that  you require. Sensitive information is also usually collected when a person is injured and where necessary, is collected from     third parties if the injured person is unable to provide it or give their consent. It is our policy that sensitive information will be     used and disclosed only for the purposes for which it was provided, unless you agree otherwise or as allowed by law.
Why we collect personal information
Generally, we collect and use personal information to provide our products and services and carry on our business. Eg. to:
•book and sell accommodation, group mountain passes, ski/boarding school lessons, Winter Sports Club programs, child minding services, entry to events, ski and board hire and ski and board season passes;
•verify your identity for certain services we provide;
•investigate and report on ski-related and other accidents; and
•assist our internal administration and operations including accounting, risk management, record keeping, archiving, systems development and testing, and staff training.
How we collect information
Generally, we collect personal information directly from you, such as when you request a product or service, in the course of providing you with that product or service, or when you have other dealings with us.
We may collect and update that information over the phone, by fax, by email, in person (when you visit us), when you write to us or if you participate in our marketing surveys and campaigns.
We may also collect personal information about you through third parties such as:
•a travel agent or travel wholesaler that you book through; and
•business partners with whom we have joint marketing arrangements.
Wherever practicable we will provide you with the option of interacting with us anonymously.
How we store information
We store personal information in a combination of secure computer storage facilities and paper-based files and other records located at secure premises. In so doing, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Access to your personal information is restricted within Charlotte Pass Snow Resort to employees who have specific authorisation. Computer access is password protected and external access to data files is prevented via the use of a firewall.
We will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information when we no longer need it.
Consumer Data Policy
Charlotte Pass Snow Resort is dedicated to keeping your details private. Any information we collect in relation to you is kept strictly secured. We do not pass on, sell or swap any of your personal details with anyone. We use this information to identify your orders, provide you with our monthly newsletter (if applicable) and to personalise your shopping experience with us. Charlotte Pass Snow Resort uses cookies to allow you to login to your account, maintain a shopping cart and to purchase items in your shopping cart. Cookies sent to your computer from Charlotte Pass Snow Resort only last while you’re browsing our website. We do not store persistent cookies on your computer. Cookies also allow us to give you a more personalised shopping experience by displaying products that interest you throughout our product pages, thus providing you with a more friendly, interesting and enjoyable shopping experience. Whenever you use our web site, or any other web site, the computer on which the web pages are stored (the Web server) needs to know the network address of your computer so that it can send the requested web pages to your Internet browser. The unique network address of your computer is called its “IP address,” and is sent automatically each time you access any Internet site. From a computer’s IP address, it is possible to determine the general geographic location of that computer but otherwise it is anonymous.
We do not keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site except where you have specifically provided us with information about yourself, in which case we also record your IP address for security purposes. An example of this would be when proceeding to a checkout to finalise an order you may wish to make. After completing the form provided, your IP address will be stored along with a transaction number that allows us to track your order.
Security Policy
When purchasing from Charlotte Pass Snow Resort your financial details are passed through a secure server using the latest 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology.128-bit SSL encryption is the current industry standard. If you have any questions regarding our security policy, please contact us at ski@charlottepass.com.au
Other Organisation
Because your privacy is important we will not sell, rent or trade your personal information without your consent.
However, to ensure a high level of service, we may disclose information about you to outside contractors to carry out specialised activities on our behalf. In particular, contractors may provide us with a range of administrative, information technology and other services.
To better protect your privacy, we impose strict requirements of security and confidentiality on all third parties as to how they handle your personal information. Outside contractors are not permitted to use information about you for any purpose except to perform the services we have asked them to provide.
We may also disclose your personal information to insurers, courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities or otherwise as agreed by you or to meet our legal obligations.
We may also disclose your personal information if we consider it necessary to prevent a threat to an individual’s life, health or safety.
Promotional information
We may use your personal information and disclose it to Charlotte Pass Snow Resort’s related companies and to our other business partners, to give you information and offers about products and services offered by us or these companies which may interest you.
If you do not wish to receive promotional information from us or any of these companies, please contact us on the contact details below to update your preferences.
Internet – Email
When a person looks at Charlotte Pass Snow Resort’s website, our Web Host Provider makes a record of the visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
•The user’s server address and country of origin))
•The user’s top level domain name (eg .com, .gov, .au etc);
•The date and time of visits to the site;
•The pages accessed and documents downloaded;
•The previous site visited if the user has been redirected via a link from another site; and
•The type of browser being used.
Charlotte Pass Snow Resort will not make an attempt to identify users or their browsing activities.
Charlotte Pass Snow Resort will only record a person’s e-mail address if they send Charlotte Pass Snow Resort a message or otherwise communicate the e-mail address to Charlotte Pass Snow Resort. The e-mail address will only be used
for the purpose for which a person provides it and it will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without the consent of the person.
Charlotte Pass Snow Resort’s website does not have facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet. Users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet.
Updating and accessing information
We will take reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date. If your personal details change, such as your address or phone number, we encourage you to contact us on (02) 64 575 247 to update your details so we can continue to provide you with our services.
Following a request, we will provide you with a copy of any personal information that we hold about you in accordance with our obligations under the Privacy Act. We may charge a fee for providing you with this information, in which case we will inform you of the fee in advance of providing the information.
Our Privacy Policy
We may update our policies and this Privacy Policy Statement from time to time. The current statement is published on our web site at www.charlottepass.com.au.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about your privacy, if you wish to update information we hold about you, make a complaint or request a copy of our most current Privacy Policy Statement, please write to:
The Privacy Officer,
Charlotte Pass Village Pty Ltd
PO Box 79,
Charlotte Pass NSW 2624
You can also telephone us on (02) 64 575 247 or email ski@charlottepass.com.au.
Environment
Summer
Terms
Media
Sitemap
Privacy
Contact
Snow Report