http://chrispottergolf.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Contact Us Call nowCall us: 07469 230303 Get in Touch Today Call us or arrange a ring back for any enquiries. Alternatively, fill in your details and we will call you:Your Name* Your Phone Number* Your Email Address* Please leave this field empty. We take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.However, from time to time we would like to contact you with further information. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose please tick to say how you would like us to contact you: us.EmailPhonePostSMS Privacy PolicyWhat is this privacy policy for?This privacy policy governs the privacy of this website and its users who choose to use it.The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.The websiteThis website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.Use of cookiesThis website uses cookies to enhance the user’s experience while visiting the website.  Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within the website.Users are advised that if they wish to decline the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computer’s hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external service providers.This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and use of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].Other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.Contact and communicationUsers contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process, but users of such form to email processes are advised that they do so at their own risk.This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process.Your details are not passed on to any third parties without your prior consent.External LinksExternal linksAlthough this website only intends to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any consequence of or damage caused by visiting any external links mentioned.Social media platformsCommunication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are subject to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website or its owners will never ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.Shortened links in social mediaThis website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy url’s [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).Users are advised to exercise caution and good judgment before clicking any shortened url’s published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine url’s are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any consequences of or damage caused by visiting any shortened links.Resources & further informationData Protection Act 1998Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 – The Guide (easier to understand)Twitter Privacy PolicyFacebook Privacy PolicyGoogle Privacy PolicyLinkedin Privacy Policy
For more information or advice Call 01986 892337 ext 2 or 07469 230303
how to find your way around
learn about how we can help you
how to get in touch
where to start We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.