https://claibornefarm.com/privacy-policy
STALLIONS
Algorithms
Blame
Catholic Boy
Demarchelier (GB)
First Samurai
Flatter
Ironicus
Lea
Mastery
Orb
Runhappy
War Front
War of Will
OUR FARM
History
Daily Racing Reports
Stallions
Sales
Our Team
News
Aftercare
VISIT
Visitor Information
Book a Tour
Shop
Tour FAQ
Directions & Location
Blog
FORMS
Contact Us
Employment & Internships
Submit a Mare
Mare Information Form
Breeding Shed Requirements
Last Updated: April ___, 2019.
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through our website (http://www.Claibornefarm.com and/or http://www.claiborne-farm.myshopify.com) as well as information that you have provided to us in email and other related communications (the “Service”). Claiborne Farm, LLC, a Kentucky limited liability company, dba Claiborne Farm, the operator of the Service (“we”, “us”, “our” or “Claiborne Farm”), provides this Privacy Policy to disclose how we collect and use information that you provide as well as your rights to access, update and delete your data. We refer to our employees, directors, offices, contractors, equity owners, parents, subsidiaries and agents as our “affiliates” in this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us with any questions at any time. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Service. By accessing or using the Service, you agree to all of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
1.	Information You Choose to Provide
Claiborne Farm collects and stores any information that you enter on the Service or provide to us in any other way. Examples include:
Your name, mailing address and email address.Your phone number or fax number.Unique identifiers such as a user ID or password.Demographic information such as your date of birth or age.
2.	Information from Mobile Devices
If you access the Service on a mobile device or through a mobile application, we may receive information about your equipment, including without limitation, your mobile device identifier and/or IP address, the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country and geolocation. We use various technologies to determine IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Most mobile devices allow you to adjust location-based services and other information provided by your device.
3. Payment Transaction Information
If you purchase an item from the Service, we may collect information related to your payment transactions, including the payment instrument used, date and time, payment amount, payment instrument expiration date and billing postcode, IBAN information, your address and other related transaction details. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and Claiborne Farm.
4.	Automated Information Collection
We or our service providers may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your use of our Service. We may use analytics applications such as Google Analytics to help collect and analyze this information. The automatic data collection technologies we use to collect this information include, but are not limited to, “cookies” (text files placed by a Website’s server on a visitor computer hard drive) and similar technologies, such as “flash cookies” (local stored objects not managed by the same browser settings as browser cookies), “web beacons” (small electronic files also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs that permit us to count users who have visited a page or opened an e-mail), and other identifiers. These technologies collect and store information when you interact with the Service and personalize the Service for you based on your preferences and selections. These technologies are also used to track visitor traffic patterns and other information for marketing and business purposes. You can set your web browser to disable or delete cookie or other data, but by doing so, you may be preventing yourself from taking advantage of the convenience this technology offers. For more information on deleting or disabling cookies and other automatic data collection technologies, please visit the Your Rights Section of this Privacy Policy.
5.	Aggregate Information
We or our service providers may also use the automatic data collection technologies described above to collect information that is not personally identifiable, such as information about your online activities across third-party websites or other online services, advertising, demographic and other analytic data.
For more information about how to update your consent preferences, or how to access, manage or delete information that is associated with you, visit the Your Rights Section of this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use, store, and process information, including personal information, about you to provide, understand, improve, and develop the Service, to create and maintain a trusted and safer environment and to comply with our legal obligations as discussed in more detail below. We, our affiliates and third party service providers may use, store, and process information collected as follows:
1.	Provide, Improve and Develop the Site
To enhance or personalize your visitor experience.To process and manage your account on the Service.To fulfill orders where you purchase products or services.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it. To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contract entered into between you and us, including billing and collection.To notify you about any changes to our Service or any products or services we offer or provide through it.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Service.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.
We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving our Service and our customers’ experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you.
2.	Create and Maintain a Trusted and Safer Environment
To detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security incidents, and other harmful activity.To conduct security investigations and risk assessments.To verify or authenticate information or identifications provided by you.To comply with our legal obligations.To resolve any disputes with any of our customers and enforce our agreements with third parties.To enforce our Terms of Use and other policies.
We process this information given our legitimate interest in protecting our Service, to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable laws.
For more information about how you may review, change, or delete your information, or withdraw consent to have your information used in the manners described above, please visit the Your Rights Section of this Privacy Policy. To withdraw consent to receive email communications from us, please click on the unsubscribe link in any message you receive from us or simply contact us with your request.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As described below, we may share your information with others for various purposes:
1.	Service Providers
We employ other business and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store. For more information on how Shopify collects and uses your information, we recommend you review Shopify’s Privacy Policy. Shopify, as well any other service provider employed on our behalf, may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions. The typical functions a service provider may perform include, without limitation, fulfilling orders, site analysis, analyzing data, processing credit card payments and providing customer service.
2.	Aggregate Information
We may share aggregate information, such as demographics and site usage statistics, with third party service providers or our corporate partners. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information; however, we may maintain or associate this information with personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. For more information, visit the Your Rights Section of this Privacy Policy.
3.	Affiliates
We may share your information (including without limitation personally identifiable information) with our affiliates in order to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.
4.	Transfers
In the event that our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer. We will post a notice on the Site in the event of such a transfer.
5.	Legal Process and Compliance with Laws and Policies
We will disclose your personal information and any other information collected by the Service to law enforcement agencies and other third parties without notice to you if necessary to comply with applicable law, to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of applicable law or of our Service policies, to protect our or a third parties’ rights, or to protect the rights of other visitors.
6.	When You Consent
Other than as described above, your personal information will not be used or processed without your express written consent.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by sending us a communication with your request as discussed in the Contact Us Section of this Privacy Policy, or by following any specific instructions listed below. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.
1.	Managing Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following controls over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Service may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Communications from Claiborne Farm. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by us to send you informational newsletters, or to promote our products and services, you can opt-out from receiving such communications by sending us an email with you request to shop@claibornefarm.com. If we have sent you a newsletter or promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.
We do not control any third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. If you choose not to have your information collected or used in this way, in addition to disabling cookies and other tracking technologies as described above, you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from participating ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance.
2.	Rectification or Inaccurate or Incomplete Information
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your account settings). You may exercise this right by sending us an email with your request to shop@claibornefarm.com.
3.	Data Access and Portability
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your personal information held by us. You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible). For more information, or to request a copy of your personal information held by us, send an email with your request to shop@claibornefarm.com.
4.	Data Retention and Erasure
We generally retain your personal information for only as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information, you can request that we erase your personal information and close any accounts created through the Service by sending us an email with your request to shop@claibornefarm.com. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:
We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety.
We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, such as for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.
Because we maintain the Service to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
5.	Withdrawing Consent
Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by us, you may withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email specifying which consent you are withdrawing to shop@claibornefarm.com. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
6.	Objection to Processing
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require us not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling). If you object to such processing, we will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7. Lodging Complaints
You have the right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried out by Claiborne Farm to the appropriate data protection authorities.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.	Security
We are continuously implementing and updating our administrative, technical and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration. We incorporate reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect, including firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls. If you have reason to believe that your account credentials have been lost, stolen, misappropriated, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.
The safety of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
2.	Links to Other Websites
This Service may contain links to third party websites that we do not control. When you click one of these links, the collection and use of your information will no longer be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy. This may include links from advertisers, sponsors and marketing partners, and these third parties may use our logos as part of a sponsorship agreement. These other websites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a website that is linked to the Service, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. We do not have any control over third party websites and are not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your use of third party websites.
3.	Information You Make Public
The Service, including pages available on our websites through social networking sites such as Facebook, may have features that allow you to post information that can be viewed by other visitors, such as commenting, chat rooms, forums and message boards. You are not required to provide any personal information when using these features but you may choose to do so. If you post personal information online, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. In addition, when you post a comment to a mobile application, the user name with which you registered for the Service and your current location may be made publicly available on the Service and through the mobile application. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public using these features, and it may remain available indefinitely. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
4.	Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at shop@claibornefarm.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We store information about visitors on servers located in the United States. If you wish to have your information deleted from the Service, we will attempt to do so if we are not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
5.	Our Policies Concerning Children
Our Service is not intended for children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 18. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from a child under the age of 18, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.
6.	Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Service who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to shop@claibornefarm.com.
7.	Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend, modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this provision. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of the revised Privacy Policy on the Service and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may also provide you with notice of the modification by email before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective. If you disagree with the revised Privacy Policy, you may opt-out of any collection or use of your information as discussed in the Your Rights Section of this Privacy Policy, cease your use of the Service, or cancel any account you have registered through the Service. Otherwise, your continued access to or use of the Service will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
8.	Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Claiborne Farm
Attn: Visitor Center
703 Winchester Road
Paris, Kentucky 40361
shop@claibornefarm.com
Any user of this Service may, at any time, contact us directly with questions and suggestions concerning the terms of this Privacy Policy. In the event of privacy related issue or complaint, we will investigate and attempt to promptly resolve any issues and complaints regarding our collection and use of information under this Privacy Policy.
9. Terms
You acknowledge that our Terms of Use are incorporated herein by this reference and apply to this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, all rules of conduct, disclaimer of warranty, limitations of liability, indemnification and dispute resolution provisions.
004222.007754/7901449.3
CLAIBORNE FARM NEWSLETTER
Home
News
Sales
History
Submit a Mare
Visit
Tours
Shop
Our Team
Contact
Employment
Aftercare
STALLIONS
Algorithms
Blame
Catholic Boy
Demarchelier (GB)
First Samurai
Flatter
Ironicus
Lea
Mastery
Orb
Runhappy
War Front
War of Will
703 Winchester Road
/
Paris, KY 40361
Phone: (859) 987-2330
Fax: (859) 987-0008
© 2019 Claiborne Farm
Mare Information Form
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Photos on the website supplied by Bobby Shiflet, Jamie Newell, Waddell Hancock, Allison Bishop, etc.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.