http://community.cricket.com.au/privacy-policy
Login
My Account
Logout
Community
MyCricket
Community
Back
Community
Coaches
Back
Coaches
Join over 30,000 registered coaches.
Coaches
Home
Accreditation
Courses
Junior Cricket
Skills Videos
Umpire
Back
Umpire
Join over 5,000 registered umpires.
Umpire Home
Courses
News
Resources
Schools
Back
Schools
Join over 4,700 School Ambassadors.
Schools Home
Teacher Training
Ambassador Program
Mascots Challenge
Cricket Smart
Register
Clubs
Back
Clubs
Get resources to help run your cricket club.
Clubs Home
Protecting Your Club
Marketing Collateral
Running Your Club
Facilities and Fundraising
Policies and Guidelines
Premier Cricket
Back
Premier Cricket
Track your career or start playing today.
Premier Cricket Home
News
Videos
Premier Cricket Develop Program
Cricket Pathway
Back
Cricket Pathway
From the Backyard to Baggy Green
Cricket Pathway Home
Australian Cricket
Pathway Brochure
Play
Back
Play
Current Players
Need Help?
Online Registration
Live Scoring
MyCricket Apps
My Account
Logout
Login
Cricket Australia Privacy Policy
What is personal information?
Personal information is information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database) from which it is possible to determine your identity. Examples of personal information include your name, postal address, telephone number and email address.
How do we collect your personal information?
We collect personal information about you in a number of ways, including:
Your name, address, email address, age, gender, occupation, contact information;
Information about your favourite BBL club;
Information about dealings with Cricket Australia subscriptions for Cricket Australia services;
Details of cricket programs you have participated in and the organisations you have participated with;
Details of items ordered or purchased from us;
Background checks including police checks and working with children checked if you apply or employment, coaching and volunteer positions
Other information provided voluntarily by you, for example in response to surveys or competitions.
How do we use your personal information?
We and the State and Territory cricket associations, to whom we disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may use your personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected and secondary purposes related to the primary purpose. Such primary and secondary purposes may include, without limitation use of your personal information to:
Verify your identity;
Develop, run, administer and market competitions, programs, activities and other Events relating to cricket and other sports;
Market products, services, merchandise and special offers made available by us or the State and Territory cricket associations or our respective corporate partners, licensees, suppliers and sponsors;
Administer and manage our respective web sites and provide you with access to those web sites;
Keep you informed of news and information (such as advance notice of ticket sales) relating to cricket and other sports, including by distributing newsletters, publications and other communication via various mediums;
Research and develop new competitions, programs, activities and other events relating to cricket and other sports; and
Research and develop new products, services and merchandise relating to cricket and other sports.
If you do not wish to receive our newsletters, publications and other communications, please contact us (our contact details are set out below).
Health and sensitive information
In some circumstances we may collect:
Information about your health; or
Other sensitive information about you (for example, information about your racial or ethnic origin).
We may use health information about you to ensure that cricket programs in which you participate are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs you may have and for insurance purposes.
In addition, we may use de-identified health information and other sensitive information to carry out research, to prepare submissions to government or a government body or to plan events and activities.
De-identified information is information which has been aggregated or otherwise de-identified so that it cannot be used to identify you or any other individual.
When do we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose your personal information to:
The various State and Territory cricket associations;
Organisations (other than the State and Territory cricket associations) involved in cricket and sporting programs and initiatives in Australia;
Companies that we have engaged to carry out functions and activities on our behalf;
Our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers;
Our insurers;
The Australian Institute of Sport; and
Otherwise as required or authorised by law.
Our web sites
When you visit our web sites, our systems may record certain information about your use of those web sites (such as which web pages you visit and the time and date of your visit).
We use this information to help analyse and improve the performance of our web sites.
In addition, we may use “cookies” on our web sites.
Cookies are small text files that help a web site to remember your preferences and improve your experience of using that web site.
Using cookies is standard practice for most large web sites.
In some cases, the cookies that we use may collect some personal information about you.
We will treat this information in the same way as other personal information we collect about you.
If you prefer, you may be able to disable cookies on your internet browser.
However, if you do so, you will not be able to enjoy the enhanced user experience that our cookies offer.
We have engaged Nielsen NetRatings to help analyse how our web sites are used.
This analysis is performed using data collected from the web sites.
However, this information is not intended to and will generally not include any personal information.
If you would prefer that Nielsen NetRatings do not collect even any anonymous data about how you use our web sites, you can opt-out by visiting the following web page: http://www.netratings.com/privacy.jsp?section=leg_scs
Web beacons are images that originate from a third party site to track visitor activities.
We use web beacons to track the visiting patterns and browsing habits of individuals accessing our website.
This information is not intended to and will generally not include any personal information, and we will not use the information to identify any individual.
We may also collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses relating to you when you access and use the web sites.
IP addresses are assigned to computers on the internet to uniquely identify them within the global network of computers which makes up the internet.
We may collect and manage IP addresses for internet session management and security purposes.
Accuracy of your personal information
We take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
However, we rely on the accuracy of personal information as provided to us both directly and indirectly.
If you find that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately (our contact details are set out below) and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.
How can you access the personal information we hold about you?
Subject to some exceptions provided by law, you have the right to access your personal information.
For security purposes, if you would like to access personal information that we hold about you, we require you to put your request in writing.
If we do not allow you access to any part of the personal information we hold about you, we will tell you why.
We will not charge you for lodging a request to access your personal information, but we may charge you for our reasonable costs in supplying you with access to this information.
How to contact us
If you would like to access the personal information that Cricket Australia holds about you, have any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy or have a complaint, you can write to Cricket Australia's Privacy Officer at 60 Jolimont Street, Jolimont, VIC, 3002 or send an email to privacy@cricket.com.au.
Cricket Australia takes all privacy complaints seriously will investigate your complaint in a confidential manner and you will be informed of the outcome of the investigation within a reasonable period of time.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may need to change this Privacy Policy to reflect our changing business practices.
We will notify you of any amendments by posting an updated version of this Privacy Policy on our web site (www.cricket.com.au).
Home
Privacy Policy