http://corkharlequins.com/index.php/youths-admission-policy/
Home
Writer Log In
Covid-19
Covid-19 at Quins
Hockey Ireland Covid Protocols
Junior Health Questionnaire
Senior Health Questionnaire
About Club
Club Location
Club History
Committee Members
Policies
Child Safeguarding Statement
Code of Ethics
Code of Conduct for Coaches
Code of Conduct for Parents
Code of Conduct for Young Players
Youths Hockey Admission Policy
Code of Equity
Concussion Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Club Gear
Become a Partner
Honours Board
International Hockey Honours
Club Honours
Club Presidents
Honorary Life Members
Facility Hire
Cork Harlequins Pitch Project
Join Harlequins
Join Harlequins
Membership
Training Times
Latest News
Fixtures & Results
Links
Contact Us
MenuHome
– Writer Log In
Covid-19
– Covid-19 at Quins
– Hockey Ireland Covid Protocols
– Junior Health Questionnaire
– Senior Health Questionnaire
About Club
– Club Location
– Club History
– Committee Members
– Policies
– – Child Safeguarding Statement
– – Code of Ethics
– – Code of Conduct for Coaches
– – Code of Conduct for Parents
– – Code of Conduct for Young Players
– – Youths Hockey Admission Policy
– – Code of Equity
– – Concussion Guidelines
– – Privacy Policy
– Club Gear
– Become a Partner
– Honours Board
– – International Hockey Honours
– – Club Honours
– – Club Presidents
– – Honorary Life Members
– Facility Hire
– Cork Harlequins Pitch Project
Join Harlequins
– Join Harlequins
– Membership
– Training Times
Latest News
Fixtures & Results
Links
Contact Us
Youths Hockey Admission Policy
All requests for a place in Cork Harlequins must be made by email to facilities@corkharlequins.com, giving the child’s name, DOB, class in school and parent’s contact details. An application form will be sent out to the new applicant.
On receipt of a completed application form, a place will be offered to the child if available in the particular group they are looking to join. If the particular age group is full, the child’s name will be placed on a list until a place becomes available, the child who is first on the list for that group will be offered a place. As Cork Harlequins is a club with a strong family tradition, sons and daughters of club members will be given priority. Siblings will also be given priority if they are on the list for an extended period.
A new member can be accepted into a closed age group if there is a need for a particular position ie goalkeeper where there is already none available or a parent is available for coaching full time.
On acceptance, a new member must register online through the Clubforce link (also accessed through the website www.corkharlequins.com) giving all details asked by the Clubforce system. Please read the Cork Harlequins Privacy Statement at http://corkharlequins.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
All new members and guardians must attend a welcome meeting on registration day and sign the code of conduct for players/guardians. Registration will not be complete until the relevant codes of conduct are signed off.
All new members/families must pay a once off joining fee of €100 plus their subscription.
CURRENTLY THE GIRLS HOCKEY SECTION IS CLOSED FOR MEMBERSHIP. THE BOYS HOCKEY SECTION WELCOMES NEW MEMBERS.
Follow us on Twitter Tweets by Cork_Harlequins
Like Us On Facebook
Recent Posts
Covid-19 and visiting Cork Harlequins
Club Lotto
Categories
Cricket
Hockey
News
Partners
CLUB Newsletter
Name:
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Cork Harlequins Founded 1925
Address:
Harlequin Park
Farmers Cross Cork Republic of Ireland.
For general enquiries or if you wish to enquire about our facilities please phone 087-1953447 (Office Hours 11-1 Mon, Wed, Fri or email anytime facilities@corkharlequins.com
About Us Cork Harlequins founded in 1925 is a Hockey and Cricket Club based on the edge of Cork City. We offer hockey and cricket to men, women, boys and girls and like to call ourselves #themightyquins !
© 2015 All Rights Reserved:
www.corkharlequins.com
Grange Web
Ecommerce Web Design