http://corkharlequins.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Home
Writer Log In
Covid-19
Covid-19 at Quins
Hockey Ireland Covid Protocols
Junior Health Questionnaire
Senior Health Questionnaire
About Club
Club Location
Club History
Committee Members
Policies
Child Safeguarding Statement
Code of Ethics
Code of Conduct for Coaches
Code of Conduct for Parents
Code of Conduct for Young Players
Youths Hockey Admission Policy
Code of Equity
Concussion Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Club Gear
Become a Partner
Honours Board
International Hockey Honours
Club Honours
Club Presidents
Honorary Life Members
Facility Hire
Cork Harlequins Pitch Project
Join Harlequins
Join Harlequins
Membership
Training Times
Latest News
Fixtures & Results
Links
Contact Us
MenuHome
– Writer Log In
Covid-19
– Covid-19 at Quins
– Hockey Ireland Covid Protocols
– Junior Health Questionnaire
– Senior Health Questionnaire
About Club
– Club Location
– Club History
– Committee Members
– Policies
– – Child Safeguarding Statement
– – Code of Ethics
– – Code of Conduct for Coaches
– – Code of Conduct for Parents
– – Code of Conduct for Young Players
– – Youths Hockey Admission Policy
– – Code of Equity
– – Concussion Guidelines
– – Privacy Policy
– Club Gear
– Become a Partner
– Honours Board
– – International Hockey Honours
– – Club Honours
– – Club Presidents
– – Honorary Life Members
– Facility Hire
– Cork Harlequins Pitch Project
Join Harlequins
– Join Harlequins
– Membership
– Training Times
Latest News
Fixtures & Results
Links
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
For the purpose of the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (as amended) and GDPR, the data controller is Cork Harlequins Club, Farmers Cross, Cork. The club is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in compliance with the these acts.
We collect your information when you register as a member or receive our newsletter or when you contact us via our contact form on our website.
The club endeavours to collect, store and use your personal data only with your knowledge. The collated information will include your name, DOB, address, telephone number, email and relevant medical information which will be used to contact you regarding your participation with our service and help us to provide a safe environment for our members. If you choose to provide us with personal information it will be used in support of the intended purposes stated at the time at which it was collected, and subject to any preferences indicated to you. This information which we store (on the secure Easy Payments Database system) is to aid the efficiency of our service to you and is designed to be compliant with the disclosure requirements of the Data Protection Act 1988 and 2003 (as amended) and GDPR. Any letters of permission, codes of conduct etc. will be stored under lock and key in the club office. If you require any information or wish to obtain the personal data we have stored please contact us at facilities@corkharlequins.com
The reasons for collecting this information are
To record membership of the club
To assign members to a team/under age group
To communicate to members through email and text
To know relevant medical information of underage members to help provide a safe environment
The uses it will be put to are
To help compile team lists
To share club information through email
To convey match/game/training information through text/whatsapp/teamer
To assess medical information and it’s impact while playing hockey/cricket
To record membership payment
To register details with Munster Cricket, Cricket Ireland, Munster Branch Hockey Ireland and Hockey Ireland
Who will it be shared with ?
Lead coaches and team managers
Club Manager
Munster Cricket, Cricket Ireland, Munster Branch Hockey Ireland and Hockey Ireland
We do not sell or rent your information to any third-party organisation for marketing, fundraising of campaigning purposes. The information stored will not be transferred outside the EU.
How long will your personal data be retained for ?
The personal data will be retained for the duration of membership and/or for any period necessary to comply with legal obligations, and for the duration needed to manage relationships with existing and former members/guardians/parents.
At anytime you have the right to have your information erased.
When purchasing goods/services on our site your credit and debit card details are stored by Easy Payments who is our online payments provider. These payment details are stored in compliance with the PCI: DSS laws therefore they remain encrypted and are not passed on to any third party or used for any payments without your consent. All personal information is stored on our data base using the Easy Payment package. All information is password protected.
Our website may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Acts. You have the right under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (as amended and GDPR to know what information we hold about you and to ask, in writing, to see your records, to amend your records or to have your records erased. In certain circumstances we will be unable to delete data entirely for statutory purposes such as tax and accounting legislation, but in such cases we will remove your data from any other processing activities.
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change any of your personal details or any of the information we hold is inaccurate about you please email us at facilities@corkharlequins.com
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Cork Harlequins holds about you. We will comply with your request within 30 calendar days of receipt. To receive a copy of the information Cork Harlequins holds about you, please email facilities@corkharlequins.com
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 years or under. If you are aged 16 years or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, may be notified to you by e-mail.
You acknowledge that by providing data to us, you consent to the processing of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement.
Contact
You may contact us with questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy.
Follow us on Twitter Tweets by Cork_Harlequins
Like Us On Facebook
Recent Posts
Covid-19 and visiting Cork Harlequins
Club Lotto
Categories
Cricket
Hockey
News
Partners
CLUB Newsletter
Name:
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Cork Harlequins Founded 1925
Address:
Harlequin Park
Farmers Cross Cork Republic of Ireland.
For general enquiries or if you wish to enquire about our facilities please phone 087-1953447 (Office Hours 11-1 Mon, Wed, Fri or email anytime facilities@corkharlequins.com
About Us Cork Harlequins founded in 1925 is a Hockey and Cricket Club based on the edge of Cork City. We offer hockey and cricket to men, women, boys and girls and like to call ourselves #themightyquins !
© 2015 All Rights Reserved:
www.corkharlequins.com
Grange Web
Ecommerce Web Design