http://country.racing.com/privacy-policy
racing.com
g
{{ race.ShortTrack }} R{{ race.Number }} in - {{race.TimeUntil}}
o
M
N
{{siteResult.SiteUrl}} Results
{{result.CategoryIcon}}
{{result.EventName}}
{{result.ContentTitle}}
{{result.ContentDate}}
View all {{quickSearchTotalResults}} results
Log In / Sign Up
Welcome {{crvUserName}}
S
[Log out
Product Cart
t
{{totalCartItems}}
Calendar
Clubs
Racing
Explore
Fashion
Event Guide
About Us
Calendar
Month-view Calendar
Event-view Calendar
Feature Event Guide
Upcoming Race Days
Fri
11
Dec
Christmas Party Race Day
Geelong
Regular
We are off and racing!We are pleased to announce that this event will be welcoming back members, sponsors, owners and the general public to our dining rooms. This event will be a COVIDSafe event and will be run in accordance with the Public Event Framework.Please note that this event will be capped at 500 persons and limited ticketing will be available, so to secure your spot you must pre-book.
Fri
11
Dec
Twilight Christmas Party Race Day
Moe
Regular
We're excited to announce that the Twilight Christmas Party Race Day at Moe Racing Club is on Friday, 11th of December 2020, and a small crowd is permitted for this day.
Due to limited capacity allowed to attend this race day, attendance is restricted to Full Members, Owners and Sponsors only.General admission is not available.
This event will be a COVIDSafe event and will be run in accordance with the Public Event Framework.This
Sat
12
Dec
Insite Real Estate Christmas Race Day
Sportsbet Wangaratta
Regular
We are off and racing!
We are pleased to announce that this event will be welcoming back members, sponsors and owners.
This event will be a COVIDSafe event and will be run in accordance with the Public Event Framework.
Members and Sponsors must pre-register if they wish to attend and this can be done by emailing l.edwards@countryracing.com.au or calling the office 5722 1242 by 5pm on Thursday 10th December.
No general public or walk ups on the day will be permitted.
If
Country Clubs
Country Clubs
Picnic Clubs
Country Racing Awards
News
Club Memberships
Racing
News
Country Cups
Picnic Racing
Jump Outs
Jumps Racing
Owners' Privileges
Night Racing
Explore The Region
Great Ocean Road
Gippsland
Greater Melbourne
Grampians
High Country
The Murray
Goldfields & Macedon Ranges
Country Racing Fashion
Country Racing Fashion
Fashion Hub
Upcoming Events
Galleries
Frequently Asked Questions
View Melbourne
About Us
Contact Us
Our Sponsors
Our Mission
Governance
Board of Directors
Country Racing Victoria Privacy Policy
Country Racing Victoria Ltd. (“CRV”) has adopted this Privacy Policy to ensure that it handles private information about individuals responsibly. This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time.
It is important to CRV that individuals dealing with it are confident that CRV respects their personal information and does not interfere with their privacy when handling this information.
CRV abides by the National Privacy Principles (“NPPs”) under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
More information about the way CRV manages members’ personal information can be obtained by contacting CRV’s Privacy Officer.
Personal informationCRV holds and uses personal information about its customers and persons licensed by it under the rules of racing and other relevant rules. Typically this information includes a person’s name, address, date of birth, gender, occupation, income, tax file numbers and any other required information.
This information is needed to maintain CRV’s records in a format that identifies the person.
These records are held by CRV for the purposes of enabling CRV to provide services to its customers and, in relation to persons licensed by it under the rules of racing and other relevant rules, to supervise the Victorian racing industry.
Collection of informationCRV usually collects this information from the person directly.
We may collect, store and use information about your visits to and use of this website including any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services and information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.
We may collect, store and use non-personal data about your visits to and use of this website.
We may collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie, which may be stored on by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognize your computer when you visit our website, and to personalize our website for you. Our advertisers may also send you cookies.
We may use anonymous cookies to record non-personal information such as website activity, date and time of visit, and domain type. We may use this information for retargeting purposes.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
Use and disclosurePersonal information held by CRV will not be provided to any other organisation, nor used for any other purposes other than the purposes described above and related purposes except when the individual has consented to the use or disclosure, or the use and disclosure is required as authorised by law or relates to CRV’s supervisory functions.
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website;
(b) send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology;
(c) send to you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology.
(d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
Non-personal data is collected and shared with the service AdRoll to provide relevant and targeted advertisements through retargeting. All data is anonymous and cannot be used to identify the visitor. Retargeting recognizes that the internet browser has visited the website in the last 90 days. If you would like to not participate in retargeting, you may opt-out of AdRoll’s services.
Access to personal informationA person can access his or her own personal information by contacting CRV’s Privacy Officer.
A fee may apply.
If the information held by CRV is inaccurate, incomplete or not up to date a person may request CRV to correct the information.
There are some circumstances in which CRV is entitled to deny a person access to information.
These include circumstances where such information is confidential or in a commercially sensitive decision making process, where the privacy of others may be breached if the information was accessed or where the law requires or authorises such access to be denied.
CRV’s Privacy Officer will advise if any of these circumstances apply.
Third Party WebsitesThe website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
Resolution of privacy concernsIf a person is concerned about a possible interference with privacy, the person should contact CRV’s Privacy Officer.
If the person’s concerns are not resolved to the satisfaction of the person, the matter can be referred to the Privacy Commissioner on 1800 023 985.
Contact CRV’s Privacy Officer:Name: Scott McCallumAddress:
400 Epsom Road, FLEMINGTON
VIC
3031Telephone:
1300 139 402E-mail:
s.mccallum@countryracing.com.auDated: 25 May 2018 Issued by:
Country Racing Victoria Ltd, ABN 93 112 777 714
Country Racing Victoria
About
Country Cups
Calendar
Terms and Conditions
News
Spring Racing Carnival
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Sign-up
Thank you for signing up to our newsletter.