http://daleearnhardtinc.com/corporate/privacypolicy.php
Dale Earnhardt, Inc.
CONTACT
|
DE FOUNDATION
Taylor Earnhardt Putnam Newest National Champion In DEI Stables
DALE
Life
Photos
Videos
Statistics
CORPORATE
About
Executive Bios
Licensing/Sponsorships/Endorsements
Mission
Photos
FANS
STORE
NEWS
EVENTS
Photos
COMPETITION
Overview
Earnhardt Ganassi
Photos
TECHNOLOGIES GROUP
About
Capabilities Contact
Photos
VISIT DEI
Planning a Visit
Meetings and Events
Showroom/Store
Contact
Privacy Policy
COMMUNICATIONS WITH THIS SITE
Any
communication or other content that you transmit to this Site, whether by
e-mail, posting, uploading, or otherwise, will be treated as non-confidential
and non-proprietary. By transmitting content to this Site, you automatically
grant to Dale Earnhardt, Inc. a royalty-free, perpetual,
irrevocable and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit,
translate, distribute, perform and display that content alone and as part of
other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter
developed, and to sublicense such rights. You agree that Dale Earnhardt,Inc. and
its affiliates are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques
contained in any content that you transmit to this Site for any purpose whatsoever,
including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products,
and that Dale Earnhardt, Inc. need not provide any compensation
or acknowledgment to you in exchange for any such use. You agree not to
transmit to this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene,
scandalous, pornographic, or profane content, or any other content that could
constitute or encourage conduct that would violate any law.  Dale Earnhardt, Inc.
and its affiliates will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or
court order requesting or directing Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates to disclose
the identity of, help identify, or locate anyone transmitting any such content.  Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates may pre-screen
or monitor content transmitted to this Site by third parties. If
notified, Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates may
investigate an allegation that content transmitted to this Site is in violation
of the Terms and Conditions and determine whether to have the communication
removed from this Site. However, Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates are under no
obligation to remove content transmitted by third parties from this Site and
assume no responsibility or liability arising from or relating to any such content,
including but not limited to any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission,
falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained
therein.  Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates assume no
responsibility or liability for any actions or content transmitted by or
between you or any third party within or outside of this Site.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At our site, you may now or in the future be able to order products, enter
contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of
our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our
online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information
that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address,
telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about
your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. You may
also be able to submit information about other people. For example, you might
submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card
and, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you
might submit the recipient's name and address. The types of personally
identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these
pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
At certain parts of our site, only
persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information
will be able to order products, programs, and services or otherwise participate
in the site's activities and offerings. We also may collect certain
non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages
such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer),
the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 7 or Mac OS) and
the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast,
TimeWarner).
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests
for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about
our offerings, and to offer you other products, advertisements, programs or
services that we believe may be of interest to you. We sometimes use this information
to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our
contests or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a
request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account
with us. We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to
send them your gifts or cards. From time to time, we also may use this
information to offer our products, programs, or services to them. The
information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is
used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to
facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time
to time, to offer you products, programs, or services. If you choose to submit
content for publication (e.g., questions for an online chat guest), we may
publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us (e.g.
transcript of the chat, including your question). We sometimes use the
non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design
and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet
experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site
usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. We may disclose
personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example,
in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such
information in
response to a law enforcement agency's request. Agents and contractors of DaleEarnhardtInc.com
who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect
this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example,
not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services
they are performing for DaleEarnhardtInc.com. Although we take appropriate
measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we
cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that is collected
will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
We may also disclose personally
identifiable information to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Notice (e.g., other marketers,
magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations)
that want to market products or services to you. If our site shares personally
identifiable information, it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or
block such uses. For more information, please see the "Opt-Out"
provision listed below. We may on occasion combine information we receive
online with other information and outside records to enhance our ability to
market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. If you
prefer not to receive marketing information from this site, you may follow the
"unsubscribe" instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you
receive from this site. Finally, DaleEarnhardt Inc.com will not use or transfer
personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the
ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out
of these unrelated uses.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTY SITES
AND SPONSORS
Our site may contain links to other
sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should
consult the other sites' privacy notices
as we may not have control over information that is submitted to, or collected
by, these third parties. We sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests,
sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified
third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain
personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate
in the site activity. DaleEarnhardtInc.com does not have ultimate control over
these third parties' use of this information. DaleEarnhardtInc.com will notify
you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these
third parties will obtain such information. We may use a reputable third party
to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at its Web pages.
Our privacy policy does not cover any use of
information that a third-party ad server may have collected from you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are under no obligation to provide us with any personal information
requested by our Site, but without it we may not be able to fulfill some types
of requests. If you do not want your personal information collected, simply do
not submit it through the Site. In areas of the site where you are registering
for premium content we will ask you for personal information for authentication
and verification purposes. We may share anonymous aggregated data with other
companies that we do business with for market research purposes. For example,
we may report to an affiliate that a certain percentage of our Site's users are
between the ages of 21-25.
DATA COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
When you visit our Site, your Internet browser will automatically send us your
Internet Protocol ("IP") address and information such as the type of
browser you use, the date and time you accessed our Site, and the IP address of
the Web site from which you linked to our Site. We may use this information to
give you access to the Site, to tailor your experience on our Site, to display
content customized to your preferences, and to otherwise administer the Site. Like
many companies, we may store information on your computer in the form of a
"cookie". A cookie may tell us whether you have visited our Site before
and what pages on our Site you have viewed. The cookies we use do not collect
any personal information about you, provide us with any way to contact you, or
extract any information from your computer. With most Internet browsers, you
can erase cookies from your hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning
before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your Internet
browser's instructions or Help Screen to learn more about these options.
NO COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA FROM CHILDREN
DEI will not knowingly: (i) collect
any information from minors without their parent's or guardian's consent, or
(ii) provide any personal information collected from children to any third
party.
OPT-OUT
DEI may send you information that you request, or respond to your e-mails to
us. If you would prefer not to receive direct communications from us, you can
opt out of this at the time of information collection. Or, if you decide to
have your name removed from our mailing list at a later date, you may do so by sending
an e-mail to webmaster@daleearnhardtinc.com with the word "UNSUBSCRIBE" in the subject
line.
REVIEW AND CORRECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
If for any reason you are concerned
that the personal information about you that is maintained by DEI is incorrect,
please contact us by e-mail at webmaster@ daleearnhardtinc.com and we will be
happy to update or remove your personal information accordingly. We may
continue to retain your information in our files due to technical and legal
requirements, constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of
our Site or to resolve disputes.
LINKS
Our Site may offer links to other sites. These links are provided solely for
your convenience. Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates do not endorse
the content of any such third party Web site, have not reviewed all material
linked to any such site, and are not responsible for the content of any such
site. Your accessing and viewing of any such third party site is conducted at
your own risk.
We encourage our users to be aware
when they leave our Site and to read the privacy and other policies of the sites they visit. Please be
aware that we are not responsible for other companies' policies or practices.
SECURITY
DEI has taken steps to make all information received from our on-line visitors
as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. All information is
protected by our security measures, which are periodically reviewed and
updated. Please be aware, however, that it may be possible for others to read
messages that you send over the Internet, so do not send any information by
e-mail
that you would like to keep confidential.
AMENDMENT OF POLICY
DEI approaches Internet communications with a strong commitment to
individual privacy rights
and concerns. As the Internet evolves, our policy will continue to change and develop. We therefore
reserve the right to amend this Privacy
Policy at any time with or without notice. Please check this page periodically
for changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions of Use / Privacy Statement, and/or the
practices of this Site, please contact us at by e-mail at webmaster@daleearnhardtinc.com.
GENERAL
Dale Earnhardt, Inc. makes no claims that the content
of this Site is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States
of America. If you access this Site from outside of the United States of
America, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the
laws of the country or other territory in which you are located. References to
a particular product or service do not imply that Dale Earnhardt, Inc. and its affiliates intend to make
such products or services available in all countries. If any provision of the
Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent
jurisdiction, the invalidity of any such provision shall not affect the
validity of the remaining provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which shall
remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of the Terms and
Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of any such provision
or any other provision.
© 2009-2012 Dale Earnhardt, Inc. All rights reserved.
Dale Earnhardt Foundation
The Dale Earnhardt Foundation Dale Earnhardt Chevrolet ECR Engines
©2012 Dale Earnhardt, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact