http://dannycruz.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Blog
About
Why Hire
Contact
Services
Policies
Testimonials
FAQs
Portfolio
Catalogs
Logos
Magazine Ads
Packaging
Photo Editing
Product
Promo Cards
Surf Art
Websites
dannycruz.com
Art, creative design, music and a waterman lifestyle combined.
Privacy Policy
Hello, dannycruz.com is of course a Danny Cruz site. Let’s put it this way: I don’t mess around. I respect your privacy and your right to protect your information. I dislike getting SPAM and I’m sure you dislike it too. So, this website (and any of my sites for that matter) are set up in a safe manner. The little information collected is safe and will never be sold or used in any other manner but for running the site.
About information collected…
When you visit dannycruz.com, the webserver will automatically collect standard anonymous information. This information is used solely to understand how this website is used and to help improve it for the benefit of our users. This is standard stuff that just about every reputable website does in order to run properly. This information is very simple.
How did you find my site (Example – Google, Bing, or link from another site)
Your IP address
What pages you visited on dannycruz.com
The date and time of your visit
Your browser and version (Example – Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer)
You operating system (Example – Windows 7, Mac OS X)
Again, all this information is standard throughout the web and completely anonymous. There is no personal identifiable information in these logs. I don’t know who you are or anything personal about you.
Subscriptions
RSS subscriptions are private and anonymous. However, if you decide to subscribe to posts by email, or to the news mailing list,  you will be sharing your name and email address with me. This information is safe and will never, ever be shared or sold.
Advertising
I don’t do a whole lot of advertising on dannycruz.com, but the few ads I have are served only by respectable third-party vendors such as Google.
Google uses a Doubleclick DART cookie to enable it to serve ads to users based on their visit to dannycruz.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Other advertising partners include Commission Junction and Share-A-Sale. They may use cookies and web beacons to serve the site.
Questions, comments and suggestions
If you have any questions about this privacy policy please feel free to contact me here at any time. In order to help reduce SPAM I have incorporated the use of a contact form instead of displaying my email address here. However, please know I read every single message I receive. Thank you.
Be Sociable, Share!
Tweet
XML Sitemap | Privacy Policy | What I use to create this awesome site design: Thesis WordPress FrameworkCopyright © 2002–2020 Danny Cruz. All rights reserved.