https://dolorosa.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy-policy/
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
HomeTerms of Use and Privacy Policy
Dolorosa Arabians places respecting user privacy as a highest priority. This privacy policy describes the current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by Dolorosa Arabians through our website. The term “personal data” refers to personally identifiable information that being your name, e-mail address, mailing address, etc. In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself.
By using this Web site, you consent to our use of your personal data as described in this privacy policy. We are continually improving and adding new functions and features to this website. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, we may revise this privacy policy from time to time. If and when the policy changes, we will post a dated notice on our home page informing you that a change has been made. Information, including but not limited to personal data, that we collect will not be released by any individual or entity other than Dolorosa Arabians. This includes, for example, requests for other services or when you send us your comments or requests for information. We use the information you provide for the purposes for which it was originally collected, for example, to respond to your e-mail, or to provide news or services you requested. We may also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our website, to better understand the needs and interests of the people and organizations that use our website, and to improve our programs and services. Unless we have your permission or are otherwise required by law to release, the personal data provided by you online will be shared only with other entities of Dolorosa Arabians to enable us to contact you regarding updates, newsletters, etc. We, and others with whom we share your personal data, may retain your personal data on file to better serve you. Any destruction of personal data will be done in a manner consistent with the intent of this policy. This privacy policy applies only to this website which is owned and administered by Dolorosa Arabians.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way we use personal data, please contact the Webmaster, Dolorosa Arabians webmaster, at:
webmaster@dolorosa.com
SearchCategories
news (4)
Archive
March 2018 (4)
Dolorosa Arabians © 2020 All Rights Reserved Terms of Use and Privacy Policy