http://dorchestertownfc.co.uk/privacy/
Dorchester Town Football Club |
Privacy Policy
Dorchester Town Football Club
Home
News
Latest News
First Team
Squad
Fixtures
Fixtures 2019/20
Fixtures 2018/19
Fixtures 2017/18
Fixtures 2016/17
Fixtures 2015/16
Fixtures 2014/15
Fixtures 2013/14
League Table
Form Guide
Player of the Month
Under 23s
Squad
Fixtures
Youth
DTFC Youth
Club
Club Information
Club Officials
Season tickets and matchday admission
History
Download Centre
Safety Certificate
Vacancies
Commercial
Sponsorship
Match Sponsorship
Patrons Draw
Community
Supporters Club
Fans Association
Dorchester Lottery
Junior Magpies Soccer Schools
Magpies Football Festival 2020
Pitch for the Community
Your Club Needs You
Ability Counts Team
Kix Start
CBS
Information
Join Here
CBS Renewals
Shop
COVID-19
New data protection regulations, called GDPR was introduced by the EU and came into force on Friday 25th May 2018.
The new data protection regulations are designed to give you more control over your own data and how it is used.
Dorchester Town Football Club takes the privacy of all its members, customers and website users very seriously and takes great care with user information.
At Dorchester Town FC, we appreciate that when you share your data with us, you trust us to look after it.
That’s why we’ve made a few changes to our privacy policy to protect your rights and interests. The revised policy and terms are available to view and download using the link below.
Our privacy policy explains what information we will collect about you, how we will use it, and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure.
By using this website you consent to us collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with the terms set out in this policy.
Privacy Notice (pdf).
Data Protection Policy (pdf).
Dorchester Town Community Football Club Limited. Registered with the FCA under the Co-operative and Community Benefit Societies act 2014 as a Community Benefit Society. Company Registration Number: 7128
© Dorchester Town Community Football Club, 2015. All Rights Reserved.
All images are copyright of Dorset Echo or DTFC unless stated otherwise.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Contact the Club
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok