https://dreamteamtv.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
DREAM TEAM TELEVISION TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR WEBSITE USAGE
By using this website, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions which govern Dream Team Television’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “DREAM TEAM, DREAM TEAM TV, DREAM TEAM TELEVISION” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of this website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of this website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms:
Any content found on this website is for general information and use only and is subject to change without notice.
Neither we, nor any third parties, provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Any information or materials found on this website are used entirely at your own risk. It is your responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by, or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Any reproduction of these materials is prohibited.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by these terms and conditions of use. You should always exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without our prior written consent.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every effort is made to keep this website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, this website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Any dispute arising out of the use of this website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website you can be assured that it will be secure. In order to prevent any unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We may collect the following information about you: name and job title; contact information including email address; other demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests; and any other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers. This information is required to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular, for the following reasons: internal record keeping; to improve our products and services; to periodically send you promotional e-mails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting by using the email address that you have provided.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to any third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small administration fee will be payable upon application. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact Dream Team Television. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect, or incomplete, please write to us. We will promptly correct any information found to be inaccurate.
We take no responsibility whatsoever of content supplied within classified sales results, and cannot be held responsible for subsequent purchases.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 12/12/2019.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoView our Privacy Policy