https://dreamteamtv.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Dream Team Television Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Dream Team Television collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Dream Team Television with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?
Dream Team Television collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your account or respond to a specific business enquirey.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
When Dream Team Television processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Dream Team Television from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us and we will update your preferences promptly.
What are your data protection rights?
Dream Team Television would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Dream Team Television for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Dream Team Television correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Dream Team Television to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Dream Team Television erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Dream Team Television restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Dream Team Television’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Dream Team Television transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: info@dreamteamtv.co.uk
Call us at: 01285 862 822
Or write to us: Atkyns Manor, South Cerney, Cirencester GL7 5TT
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies .org.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Dream Team Television website may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Dream Team Television keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 12 December 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Dream Team Television’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Dream Team Television has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoView our Privacy Policy