https://edgbaston.com/terms-of-use/
Shop
Hospitality
Tickets
Conference & Events
Search
Menu
Matches
Warwickshire CCC
Bears
England
Finals Day
Teams
Warwickshire CCC
Bears
England
Birmingham Phoenix
Central Sparks
News
Commercial
Partners
Case Studies
Become a Partner
Bears Club
Foundation
About
Projects
Support Us
Fundraising & Donations
Bear & Ragged Staff Wall
Charitable Requests
AmazonSmile
Work With Us
More
Edgbaston App
Cricket Centre
Warks Cricket Board
Memberships
Visiting Us
Customer Services
Sustainability
Stadium Tours
Info
FAQs
Contact Us
Search
By continuing to use and visit our Sites, you are agreeing to these Terms. If you object to anything in the Terms, you should not visit or use our Sites.
These Terms of Use also incorporate the terms contained in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Users should be at least 13 years old to use Warwickshire County Cricket Club Limited website (our “Sites”). Users between the ages of 13 and 18, may use our Sites only if a parent or legal guardian has reviewed our Terms and has consented to your use of our Sites.
Our sites allow you to access content that we create or provide, such as articles and videos (our “content”). You may be able to access the same content on other platforms and services, or our official social media accounts. If you are viewing our content on a platform or service we do not control (“third party site”), then you will be subject to the third party site’s terms of use and privacy policy, and not to these Terms. We encourage you to review the policies of any third party site you visit.
Certain sites or parts of our sites may allow you to create a user account and login to access certain site features; i.e EdgbastonShop.com. These terms cover all of these activities as well as your access to and interaction with our content.
Our sites may link to or otherwise allow you to access third party sites. When you access a third party site, you are leaving our sites and these terms will no longer apply. The terms of use and privacy policy of the Third Party Site will apply to any activities you conduct while on the Third Party Site.
Our Content and Intellectual Property
Our sites, our content, any associated information, software, scripts or interactive features (collectively, our “Intellectual Property”) are protected by copyrights, trademarks, patents, or other proprietary rights under intellectual property laws. We, our affiliates, and our licensors own and control all right, title, and interest to our Intellectual Property, to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Third Party Content
Our sites may contain links to third party sites, services, and advertisements (collectively, “third party content”). We do not control third party content and are not responsible for any information or content contained within it. We provide third party content only as a convenience and may not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to it. If we do choose to review third party content, we do so at our sole discretion and do not have any liability towards you as a result of reviewing third party content.
You use Third Party Content at your own risk and remain solely responsible for any liability resulting from third party content. Third party content is not governed by these terms and is usually governed by the terms of use and policies of the third party that provides the third party content. You should review that third party’s terms of use and policies and carry out any other investigation you deem appropriate before using its third party content.
Access of Our Content Outside of the United Kingdom
We make no claims that our content or our sites may be lawfully viewed or downloaded by all individuals, or that it may be lawfully viewed or downloaded outside of the United Kingdom. Some content or site features may not be legally accessed or viewed by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access our sites or content from outside of the United Kingdom, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance.
Termination
If we shut down our sites or terminate your ability to access our sites, the most recent Terms you accepted will remain applicable to any further interactions you have with us, and to any questions, concerns, or disputes you have with us regarding your prior use of our sites and content. We may terminate these Terms at any time. If we terminate these terms, all provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, intellectual property ownership, warranty disclaimers, limitation of liability and indemnification.
Miscellaneous
Our terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding our Sites and Content, and supersede all previous agreements between you and us regarding our sites and content. You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these terms, there shall be no third party beneficiaries. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of our terms, or of your use of our sites and content.
Enter
Cricket
Enter
Conference & Events
We use cookies to enhance your experience. By using our website, you agree to our cookies use. Read more. AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.