https://edgbaston.com/privacy-policy/
Shop
Hospitality
Tickets
Conference & Events
Search
Menu
Matches
Warwickshire CCC
Bears
England
Finals Day
Teams
Warwickshire CCC
Bears
England
Birmingham Phoenix
Central Sparks
News
Commercial
Partners
Case Studies
Become a Partner
Bears Club
Foundation
About
Projects
Support Us
Fundraising & Donations
Bear & Ragged Staff Wall
Charitable Requests
AmazonSmile
Work With Us
More
Edgbaston App
Cricket Centre
Warks Cricket Board
Memberships
Visiting Us
Customer Services
Sustainability
Stadium Tours
Info
FAQs
Contact Us
Search
Warwickshire County Cricket Club Limited are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, together with our Terms & Conditions, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
By visiting edgbaston.com or edgbastonshop.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Warwickshire County Cricket Club Limited of Edgbaston, Birmingham B5 7QU.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
1) Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site or on our social media pages or profiles, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
2) Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information: technical information, e.g. about your browser or the device you use to access the site etc.; information about your visit, e.g. which website you clicked through to reach ours, lengths of visits to pages etc.
3) Information we receive from other sources. We work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners and sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the site and also allows us to improve our site. See also our Cookie Policy.
Uses made of the Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
1) Information you give to us. We will use this information to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us; to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about; to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please contact us at enquiries@edgbaston.com
2) Information we collect about you. We will use this information: to administer, operate and improve our site and ensure it is presented in the most effective manner; as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure; fulfil legal and regulatory obligations; to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
3)Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with “information you give to us” and “information we collect about you” and use it for the purposes set out above. We use the information we collect from all of our services and from third parties to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services, to develop new services and offerings and to protect us and our users. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other information in this Privacy Policy to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
Disclosure of information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
Data will only be shared with partners and sponsors if we have consent to do so.
Where we store your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA work for us or for one of our suppliers.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
COVID-19 – Personal Data
Data minimisation
We collect only the minimum amount of personal data needed. This is likely to be limited to name and contact information, for example telephone number or email address.
Fair use
Visitor information is being collected to assist national efforts to track infected individuals or those who may have come into contact with such individuals. Understand the information may only be used for these purposes. It might be tempting to re-use the information for marketing purposes for example, but this can only be done if you have obtained the correct permissions from those individuals.
Limits on disclosure
Data will only be shared with those bodies that are responsible for contact tracing.
Confidentiality
All personal data will remain confidential and is stored securely. Employees are trained and have a duty to keep all personal information confidential.
Retention
Guidance requests that personal data is held for a period of 21 days. We have processes in place to securely delete personal information beyond this point.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at enquiries@edgbaston.com
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link to of these websites, please note that those websites should have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Access to Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. You may request from us a copy of personal data we hold on you subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
We welcome questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy. They should addressed to Warwickshire County Cricket Club Limited of Edgbaston, Birmingham B5 7QU.
Enter
Cricket
Enter
Conference & Events
We use cookies to enhance your experience. By using our website, you agree to our cookies use. Read more. AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.