https://edgbaston.com/cookie-policy/
Shop
Hospitality
Tickets
Conference & Events
Search
Menu
Matches
Warwickshire CCC
Bears
England
Finals Day
Teams
Warwickshire CCC
Bears
England
Birmingham Phoenix
Central Sparks
News
Commercial
Partners
Case Studies
Become a Partner
Bears Club
Foundation
About
Projects
Support Us
Fundraising & Donations
Bear & Ragged Staff Wall
Charitable Requests
AmazonSmile
Work With Us
More
Edgbaston App
Cricket Centre
Warks Cricket Board
Memberships
Visiting Us
Customer Services
Sustainability
Stadium Tours
Info
FAQs
Contact Us
Search
What are cookies and how are they used?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites, which help to provide you with a more tailored experience whenever you visit the website.
We use cookies on across our websites to make the website easier for you to use, and to help inform us on how to improve our websites to make it easier for you to shop online and navigate our features.
We do not store any personally identifiable information about you in our cookies, and cookies cannot be used to harm your computer.
Cookies set by The Warwickshire County Cricket Club Limited
A list of cookies is shown below, along with a brief description explaining what we use these for.
Cookie Purpose
Session Cookie – These cookies are used to store your shopping activity throughout your individual session on the site, enabling us to maintain your basket across the site and checkout.
Locale Selection – These cookies are used to store information about your preferred shipping location, to ensure that we display the correct pricing and delivery options for all products on the website.
Remember Me – Keeps your Edgbaston Shop account logged in on your computer when you have selected the option to “Remember Me” when you log into your account.
Cart Abandonment – We use this cookie to store an encrypted key which we can use to reinstate your basket for up to 30 days.
Cookies set by third party services
Google Analytics
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Doubleclick
These cookies and tags are used to collect non-personal information about how visitors interact with advertising served on other websites before they arrive and which advertisements our customers prefer. This information helps us deliver ads that are relevant to your interests, control the number of times you see a given ad, and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. You can opt out of this service at youradchoices.com
Twitter
If you click a ‘Tweet’ link, Twitter sets a cookie to remember that you have ‘tweeted’ that information.
Google+
If you click a ‘+1’ link, Google sets a cookie to remember that you have ‘+1’ that information.
Facebook
If you click a ‘Like’ link, Facebook sets a cookie to remember that you have ‘Liked’ that information.
How do I manage cookies?
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the help function within your browser should tell you how.
Enter
Cricket
Enter
Conference & Events
We use cookies to enhance your experience. By using our website, you agree to our cookies use. Read more. AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.