https://edinburghac.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
News
Coaching Corner
Endurance
Ladies
Masters
Parents Group
Races
Race Reports
Results
Track & Field
Young Athletes
Training
Seniors Endurance Training
Throws Group Training
Track & Field
Gallery
Club Info
Annual Awards
Athlete Pathway
Club Coaches
Club Governance
Cross Country Grand Prix
Courses
Membership Documents
Fundraising
History / Roll of Honour
Kit Shop
Officials Group
Road Race Grand Prix
Parents Group
Rankings
Rules
Welfare
winningcadets
Events
Calendar
Membership Area
New Membership Enquiry
Membership info 2020
Membership Renewal 2020
Membership Documents
Contact
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Website is operated by Edinburgh Athletic Club, Registered charity in Scotland (SCIO) No. SC048693 2 Barberton Mains Way Edinburgh Midlothian EH14 3HF
The term “us”, “we” and “our” there after refers to Edinburgh Athletic Club.
As a user of the website (referred to as “you/your”) you acknowledge that any use is subject to this Privacy Policy.
The purpose of this statement is to set out the purposes for which, and the manner in which, we may collect and use personal information that we may obtain about you. There is no registration on the website so the only data collected is that from enquiry on contact page which includes name, email address and message.
We do not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you must not submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.
The Information we collect
We may collect the following information about you through our website:
Membership enquiry
Your name, email address, date of birth, age, contact number, events of interest. These options are on the website enquiry form. We currently use PaySubsOnline for collecting annual memberships and more detailed information will be kept there including postal address. PaySubsOnline operate on a secure server(SSL). They also have their own privacy policy which can be obtained on their website.
Your IP address (which is a unique identifier that computers and devices used to identify and communicate with each other) which is automatically recognised by the web server.
Online enquiry form is kept simple and we collect name, email address, subject and message. We encourage not to use the message box for personal information.
Use of your Personal Information
Records and results are stored on the public domain but these contain limited information. Name, Event, Performance. No reference to personal address of contact details are published.
Your membership details are used to operate your membership and to communicate with you via email bulletins of which you have agreed to opt in for.
How long do we keep your data
We keep data from a contact form only as long as required then deleted. These emails are not stored on the website database. Other data from memberships are kept for a maximum of six years after leaving the club and ongoing while a paid up member.
We DO NOT give any of your data to any third party.
Handling of your data
There are a limited number of people who have access to manage any data collected.
The website is kept secure and updates are regularly applied to ensure it has current safeguarding features.
Cookies
Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Cookie types
When visiting edinburghac.org.uk you may have the following cookies placed on your computer:
Session cookie
This cookie lasts for the duration of your visit. It is destroyed when you close the browser or navigate away from the Edinburgh Athletic Club site you are browsing.
Visit tracking cookie
These cookies are used by Edinburgh Athletic Club to track repeat visitors to our site. This is used to show how people use the site and areas that can be improved on.
By using this website, and mobile versions on smart devices, you are agreeing to our Privacy and cookie policies and consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by us. If you do not agree to such use, please see the Managing Your Cookies section for details on how to adjust your settings.
General
You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the new GDPR Data ruling) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request to gdpr@edinburghac.org.uk or in writing to the address at the start of this notice. After confirmation of identity you will be provide with any information held about you and if you request deletion this will also be carried out at your request.
If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us.
Please be aware that our site may link to other websites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.
Changes to Policy
We may amend and update this policy from time to time. Any changes in the future will be posted on this page. The date of the latest update to this privacy policy is set out below.
Privacy Policy updated 27th November 2018
FacebookTwitterGoogle+Pin ItEmail
Charity Information
Edinburgh Athletic Club (SCIO)
Registered charity in Scotland
No. SC048693
2 Barberton Mains Way
Edinburgh
Midlothian
EH14 3HF
Governing Body
Performances & Rankings
Support Edinburgh AC
Our Podium Award
Edinburgh Athletic Club – Scottish Athletics Club of the Year 2018 © (2020)
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Accept