https://ehosting.ca/privacy.php
Home
Plans
Domains
Customer Service
About Us
Design
Signup/Renew
ehosting.ca
Site2Go.ca
Store2Go.ca
Web Hosting
Basic
Starter
Pro
WordPress Optimized
VPS Servers
Dedicated Server
Dedicated ServersBackbone
Site2Go
Site2Go Biz
Store2Go
Ecommerce Hosting
Smart Seller
Giga Seller
Store2Go SEO
Search EngineOptimization
Current
Promotion:
Store2Go Cut Back Prices
Domain Registration
Domain Privacy
Free Domain Name!
Order/Transfer Domains
Bulk Order/Transfer
WhoIS
Accounts
Domain Control Panel
Hosting Panel
VPS Panel
Account Renewals
Rebate Centre
Referral Centre
LiveHelp
LiveChat
Self Serve
Webmail
FAQs
Tutorials
Server Settings
System Status
Spam Control
Contact Us
About Us
eHosting.ca Contests
No contests at this time
JuditGueth.com Case Study
About ehosting.ca
Client Testimonials
Why choose Us?
Dedicated
Server Backbones
Press Releases
Community Relations
Contacts
Contact Us
Careers
Thunderbird
New Signup
Signup Now
New Hosting and Domain
Domain Registration Only
Dedicated Server
Renew
Account Renew
Home > About Us > Privacy Statement
Version
1.1.053100
Mecca
is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy
of visitors to our web sites as well as the privacy
of our actual customers.
For
visitors, we've structured our web sites so that, in
general, you can visit us on the web without identifying
yourself or revealing any personal information.
For customers, once you choose
to provide us personally identifiable information (any
information by which you can be identified), you can
be assured that it will only be used to support your
customer relationship with Mecca.
What
information do we collect?
Your
privacy is important to us at Mecca. We may request
personal information from time to time in order to enable
you to participate in and enjoy various Mecca offerings.
We will keep your personal information in secure data
storage in order to safeguard it from unauthorized access.
We will keep your personal information for as long as
it remains necessary or relevant for the identified
purposes or as required by law.
When
you sign up for Mecca's services, you provide us with
both contact and payment information. Contact information
typically includes your name, address, phone number,
email address, and login information. Payment information
typically includes your credit card number.
While
you are a Mecca customer, we manage information with
regard to your account status, choice of services, and
customer logs. In addition, we may store customers'
electronic mail and other communications as a necessary
incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
How
do we use the information we collect?
We
use the contact information you provide us to establish
our service for you. Below are usages of the collected
information:
(i) to consider initiating and to initiate, maintain
and develop our relationship with you in connection
with our offering and servicing of products and services;
(ii) to administer billing and accounting services
and security measures in relation to your business with
us;
(iii) to monitor your customer history, evaluate your
credit standing, to share or exchange credit reports
and information with credit reporting agencies and credit
bureaus and to collect any unpaid amounts owing to us;
(iv) to promote and to market additional products,
goods and services offered by us, including by means
of direct marketing;
(v) to provide personalized features and services;
(vi) to analyze traffic and use of the Mecca Portal
Web site in order to determine which features and services
people like and don't like so that we can improve what
we do;
(vii) to prepare aggregated user statistics or information
summaries in order to describe our services to third
parties such as prospective business partners and advertisers
and for other lawful purposes (a Mecca Portal advertiser
will never have direct access to your Personal Information);
(viii) to present Web page advertisements that we hope
will be of particular interest to you. Mecca may also
use customer information to provide customers with system
information or information about new or upgraded products;
(ix) to comply with any legal and regulatory requirements,
including requirements or requests of government agencies
or pursuant to a subpoena or other legal proceeding.
Disclosure
of information we collect
You consent to our collection from, verification with,
communication to, any third party and our use of, Information
for these purposes. You authorize these parties to give
us the Information. You acknowledge that your name,
address, telephone number, email address are not considered
confidential Information and may be disclosed by us.
Mecca will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose
to third parties the contents of any information or
other electronic communications that Mecca stores or
transmits for its customers. The circumstances under
which Mecca will disclose such electronic customer communications
are when:
(i) any person who, in our reasonable judgement, is
seeking the Information as your agent; or
(ii) a person involved directly or indirectly in supplying
the Service to you, including, without limitation, our
sales agents, to the extent the Information is required
and used only for such purposes, including the efficient
supply of Services to you, and provided that person
is required to keep such Information confidential; or
(iii) a person retained by us to collect amounts which
you owe us or to enforce our rights under these Terms
and Conditions, if the Information is required for,
and is to be used only for that purpose and that person
is required to keep such Information confidential.
We may also use Information in our records for as long
as it is needed for the purposes described above and
your consent remains valid after the termination of
our relationship with you. You understand and agree
that, unless we are notified in writing (letter, email
or facsimile) to the contrary, we are further authorized
to disclose, on a confidential basis, to any party with
whom we have business relations all relevant information
relating to your dealings with us and our Service.
Maintenace of Information
we collect
We reserve the right to conduct statistical
analyses of your behavior and characteristics in order
to measure interest in and use of Mecca's Services,
Mecca's proposed services, the Mecca Portal Website
and the Internet and to provide advertisers with information
such as the number of users that have been exposed to
or clicked on their advertising banners. We will provide
only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties
Mecca will review, delete, or block access to communications
that may harm Mecca, its customers or third parties.
The grounds on which Mecca may take such action include,
but are not limited to, actual or potential violations
of Mecca's Terms of Use.
.You are also advised that we may permit third parties
to offer subscription and/or registration-based services
through the Mecca Portal. We are not responsible for
any actions or policies of such third parties and you
should check the applicable privacy policy of each such
third party when providing personal information. We
are also not responsible for any actions of any third
party sites which you access through the Mecca Portal
and the Internet and you are responsible for checking
the applicable privacy policy of such third party sites.
You should also be aware that when personal information
is voluntarily disclosed (i.e. user name, e-mail address,
etc.) in the discussion areas or other public areas
of the Mecca Portal and the Internet, that information,
along with any information disclosed in your communication,
can be collected and used by third parties and may result
in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities
are beyond our control.
At your request, we will:
(a) allow you to decline receiving further electronic
advertising from us at any time;
(b) provide you with reasonable access to your information
that is in our records;
(c) use reasonable efforts to allow you to update/correct
personal information which you state is incorrect to
the extent such updating/correction will not compromise
our privacy or security interests, subject to the understanding
that it may be impossible to completely delete your
information without some residual information because
of backups.
You may opt out of receiving promotional and/or marketing
information from us. Notwithstanding your wish to cease
receiving such promotional and/or marketing information,
we reserve the right to contact you regarding account
status, changes to your Internet service agreement and
other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or
the personal information collected. Please send your
request to admin@mecca.ca,
you must identity your domain name and contact information
along with your request.
Any submissions to discussion areas or other public
areas on the Mecca Portal and the Internet are accepted
with the understanding that they are accessible to all
third parties. If you do not want your comments to be
viewed by third parties, you are advised not to make
any submissions.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy
at any time and you are advised to check this page periodically
for any changes. Your continued use of Mecca's Services,
the Mecca Portal and the Internet will constitute your
acceptance of such changes.
Please
note that Mecca reserves the right to send bulletins
and other important information regarding our services
at our discretion.
Type in your question here!
[]
[]
Mecca
Policy
Terms and Conditions
Billing Policy
Mecca Position
in .ca
Domain Registration
Copyright © 1999-2013,
Mecca Internet Solutions.  All rights reserved.  604-273-2077
Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | FAQ
Free
Domain Name | Canadian
Dedicated Servers | Signup
Now | Server
Settings | System
Status | Hosting,
Domain Renewals | Domain Registration Agreement | ICANN Policy | ICANN Registrant Rights & Responsibilities