http://en.eufo.de/site/terms
Stay updated
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
EUFO
About us
FAQ
Contact
Contributors
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site info
Terms of Use
Read these Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy Policy carefully before using this web site or any of the services!
Acceptance of Terms
These terms and conditions of Use ("Terms") apply to and govern your use of EUFO's web sites (the "Site") and the services ("Services") both as an anonymous visitor or as a registered member ("Member").
For purposes of these Terms, the words "you" and "your" shall refer to any visitor to the Site, as well as any Member, as defined above.
Your use of the Site or the Services signifies your agreement to be bound by these Terms.
If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not access or otherwise use the Site or receive the Services.
EUFO's current Privacy Policy describes EUFO's use and release of information collected from your use of the Site and receipt of the Services.
Changes to Terms
EUFO reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms, in whole or in part, if laws, judiciary, or technical development require it.
Changes in these Terms will be announced on the Site at least four weeks before they become effective and Members will be asked for their acceptance upon signing into the Service.
If a Member explicitly objects to changes to these Terms, his access rights will be revoked from the date when the changed Terms become effective and subsequently the membership can be terminated without notice by either the member or EUFO.
Copyright
EUFO owns, unless indicated otherwise, the rights to all material on the Site, including without limitation text, images, articles, photographs, illustrations, audio and video clips (collectively the "Content").
The Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to the Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases.
EUFO owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of the Site.
You agree to abide by any and all copyright notices, information or restrictions displayed on the Site.
Rights to Use the Site
EUFO grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use and display the Site and the materials thereon for your personal use only, provided that you comply fully with these Terms.
You shall not interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation of the Site in any way through any means or device including, but not limited to, spamming, hacking, uploading computer viruses, or the means expressly prohibited by any provision of these Terms.
You may not exploit, sell, use, modify or reproduce the Site, the Services or any portion thereof for any public or commercial purpose without the express written permission of EUFO.
Rights to Use the Content
You may download copies of Content from the Site for your personal use, provided that you maintain all copyright, attribution and other notices contained in or on such Content.
No other permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the Content contained on this Site.
You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
You are responsible for complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding your use of any such downloaded Content.
In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of Content from the Site, no changes in or deletion of author attribution or copyright notice shall be made.
Change to Site or Content
EUFO shall have the right for any reason, in its sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site or Services, including but not limited to Content, features, or hours of availability. EUFO may also impose limits on certain features and Services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Site without notice or liability.
Membership
The basic membership is free of charge.
Upon a Member's registration on the Site, EUFO will create an online account for the Member containing information provided by the Member (the "Member Account"), which account shall be accessible and modifiable by the Member thereafter at the Site using a password and user name or a third-party account.
The username can be your real name or a pseudonym, but must not be offensive, deceptive, or obscene and it may not infringe upon the rights of third parties.
For more information about how EUFO collects, maintains and uses Member information, please consult the Privacy Policy.
Acceptable Use Policy
As a condition of your use of this Site and the Services, you warrant to EUFO that you:
Will only use this Site and Services for lawful purposes in accordance with these Terms;
Agree and consent to our Privacy Policy;
Agree not to infringe the proprietary rights, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy rights of EUFO or third parties in connection with your use of the Site;
Agree to provide us with accurate information, and to update such information in the event that it becomes outdated or inaccurate, as necessary for provision of the Services to Members through our Site, and to take responsibility for the information you provide;
Will be responsible for creating and maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and for all activity occurring under your password and Member Account;
Will not intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable national or international law, including but not limited to any regulations having the force of law, while using or accessing the Site or the Services;
Will not harvest, gather or otherwise collect contact information of other users of the Site or Services, for any purpose including, without limitation, transmitting any unsolicited advertising, junk mail, spam, or chain letters;
Will refrain from using unlawful, tortuous, profane, vulgar, harassing, abusive, threatening, inflammatory, libelous, defamatory, fraudulent or similarly harmful or discourteous language in any e-mail or form entry created through this Site
Will not access or attempt to access unauthorized areas of the Site, breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures, tamper with other users' postings, or unreasonably load or burden the Site's servers; and
Will not use automated programs or scripts to collect information and/or interact with the Site and its Services or manipulate its Content.
Members who violate these Terms, at EUFO's sole discretion, may have their Member Account suspended or terminated, and may be prohibited from receiving Services thereafter.
Monitoring, Editing and Disclosure of User Material
You agree that EUFO has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor all material on the Site at any time for any reason in its sole discretion to determine compliance with these Terms and any other operating rules that EUFO may establish from time to time.
Notwithstanding this right of EUFO, EUFO does not and cannot review all materials posted to the Site by users, and EUFO is not responsible for any such materials posted by users.
EUFO reserves the right at all times to edit, disclose, refuse to post, request removal of or remove any material or information as may be necessary to comply with any law, regulation or government or agency request or if, in EUFO's sole discretion, such materials are objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
EUFO does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed or distributed through the Site.
You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk.
EUFO reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Site.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Your access to and use of the Site, the Services or any Content is at your own risk.
The Site, including all Services and Content made available on or accessed through the Site, is provided to visitors, Members, and any other third party on an "as is" and "as available" basis without representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose.
EUFO does not warrant that the Services and Content contained in the Site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that any Site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components.
EUFO does not make any warranty or representation as to the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, meaningfulness, or reliability of the Site and its Content or Services, any products or services of or hypertext links to, third parties or for any breach of security associated with the transmission of sensitive information through the Site or any linked site.
Under no circumstances shall EUFO be liable for any damages that are directly or indirectly related to the use of, or the inability to use, the Site and the Content and Services in the Site, including but not limited to EUFO's negligence.
EUFO will not be responsible or liable for any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your use of the Site, the Services, or any Content.
EUFO's Rights to Content Provided by Users
Any or all material and information provided by you to the Site, including without limitation the information contained in your Member Account, if any, may be included in a database owned by EUFO in which we have rights and interest, including but not limited to, the compilation copyright.
EUFO reserves the right to use any materials or information you provide to the Site or that we obtain through your use of the Site or Services to the fullest extent permitted by law.
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data or engaging in any other form of communication (individually or collectively "User Content") to or within the Site, you grant to EUFO a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, copy, license, sublicense, adapt, distribute, display, publicly perform, reproduce, transmit, modify, edit and otherwise exploit such User Content and any ideas or original materials contained in such User Content, in all media now known or hereafter developed, without any compensation to you.
This grant shall include the right to exploit any and all proprietary rights in such User Content.
You waive all rights to any claim against EUFO for any alleged or actual infringements of any proprietary rights, rights of privacy and publicity, and rights of attribution in connection with such User Content.
You agree and understand that EUFO is under no obligation to use any material or ideas submitted by you in any User Content in any way whatsoever.
You acknowledge that transmissions to and from this Site are not confidential and your User Content may be read or intercepted by others.
EUFO shall not be responsible for the payment of any monies to any party in connection with EUFO's use of User Content submitted by you to the Site.
Termination
You understand and agree that EUFO may, in its sole discretion and at any time, terminate your Member Account, if any, and discard and remove any content or information contained therein, for any reason.
EUFO may also, in its sole discretion and at any time, discontinue any Services, or limit or restrict any user's access to the Site or the Services, for any reason.
You understand and agree that EUFO may take any one or more of these actions without prior notice to you, but shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of such termination.
You understand and agree that EUFO shall not have any liability to you or any other person for any termination of your Member Account or access to Services and/or the removal of such information.
As a Member you may terminate your Member Account at any time in your Account Settings.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Site may contain links to third-party web sites.
You acknowledge and agree that EUFO is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such web sites or the content, products, or services on or available from such web sites.
Links to such web sites do not imply any endorsement by EUFO of such web sites or the content, products, or services available from such web sites.
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such web sites.
Copyright Infringements
EUFO respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same.
If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us at copyright@eufo.de and we will review the claim.
We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice and at our sole discretion.
Final Provisions
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Finland.
If one or several provisions of these Terms were rendered invalid for any reason, the remaining provisions would not be affected or impaired thereby.
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and EUFO, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties.
Effective: October 2, 2010
Printable version