http://en.eufo.de/site/privacy
Stay updated
Twitter
Facebook
RSS
EUFO
About us
FAQ
Contact
Contributors
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site info
Privacy Policy
As of July 20, 2011
Principles
You can use our web site without disclosing your personal data.
Sharing your personal data is entirely voluntary.
Your personal data will not be made available to third parties in any form by us.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Log File Information
When you access our website, anonymous usage data is collected automatically in a log file on the web server. The web servers that are used store data by default:
Your IP address, the web site that directed you to our site, the pages visited, your browser type and the date and length of your visit. This information cannot be used to personally identify visitors.
This information is analyzed in anonymized form. It is used solely for the purpose of improving the attractiveness, content and functionality of our website.
Cookie Information
A cookie is a text file stored on your computer.
Cookies are only used for registered users and created after a successful login.
By default a session cookie is created which contains only a randomly generated session ID. This cookie is deleted when you terminate the browser application, or when you log out from the website.
If you select the "Remember me" option at login time, a persistent cookie is created which contains only a randomly generated access code. This cookie is deleted when you log out, but not when the browser application is terminated. This allows you to login automatically when you return to the site later.
Webtracking Information
This Webseite uses Piwik for local analysis of visitor data. No webtracking services of third parties are in use.
Personally Identifiable Information
You are welcome to visit our websites while remaining anonymous and not disclosing any personal data, regardless whether you decide to register with our website or not.
Collecting and processing your data
Sharing your personal data is entirely voluntary. After registering with our website, you can enter personal data such as your full name, date of birth or place of residence but this is not required for using our services. The database and your information remain with us and our provider. Your personal data will not be made available to third parties in any form by us or by persons instructed by us.
Usage and retention of your data
Personal data have entered voluntarily at our website will be displayed in your user profile according to your profile's security settings. By default your personal data can be viewed by other registered users only.
We store your personal data for as long as you revoke your permission to do so, providing that no legal requirements exist to the contrary such as in the case of current legal proceedings.
View, modify and delete your data
You have the right to check and correct all data relating to your person stored with us, if it is in your opinion out-of-date or incorrect. All your personal data stored in our database can be viewed, modified and deleted on your own user profile page after you sucessfully logged in to our website. If you have further questions, please direct your enquiry to privacy@eufo.de.
Third-party services
EUFO uses services by third parties as follows: Google +1 (Privacy Policy)