https://excalibur-gymnastics.com/privacy-policy/
Register Client Login
Home
Calendar
Classes & Programs
Recreation Programs
Camp Programs
Girls Gymnastics
Boys Gymnastics
Policies and Procedures
Become a Member
Why Excalibur?
Facility
Olympic Week
Staff
The Legend of Excalibur
Directions
Teams
Competition Schedule Uploads
Girls Competitive Team
Boys
Scholarships
Results
Other Important Gymnastics Links
Meets / Events
Gymnastics Meets
Excalibur GALA
Seattle Top Flight Gymnastics Camp 2020
Virginia Beach Top Flight Gymnastics Camp 2020
Blog
Contact Us
World class Gymnastic Training is Offered at Excalibur
Privacy Policy
Your privacy matters to us. We promise to respect your contact preferences and to guard your private information. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us. By using our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personally Identifying Information Does Excalibur Gymnastics Collect?
The level of information Excalibur Gymnastics collect depends on the level of your use. If you participate on our blog, you are required to enter your email address and name.
For your protection, Excalibur Gymnastics does not store any billing information on its servers. Excalibur Gymnastics routes all online transactions through a secure third-party provider to provide a safe, secure payment procedure.
Excalibur Gymnastics uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provisioning, billing, identification and authentication, event promotion (for events which we are materially-involved in only), services improvement, contact, and research.
Excalibur Gymnastics does not share your email address or other personally identifying information with any third parties, except our service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
What Tracking Information Does Excalibur Gymnastics Collect?
Your browser installs a cookie on your computer when you visit our site. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are required to use the Excalibur Gymnastics Member services. They facilitate access to our website and personalize your online experience.
We use cookies to record current session information, encrypted users’ login information, provide services, and compile analytics about our users.
In addition, our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users’ movements around our site and understand trends.
We also use standard internet tools, such as third-party analytics tools from Google, to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Excalibur Gymnastics uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provisioning, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, enforcement our Terms of Use, and research.
How we store our data
Excalibur Gymnastics uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Excalibur Gymnastics. The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks, and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
We take appropriate physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
When we will disclose our data
Excalibur Gymnastics may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas, warrants, other valid legal processes, or when your actions violate the Terms of Service. In addition, Excalibur Gymnastics may disclose certain information to our service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
It may be necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, including without limitation, fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Email Contact
Excalibur Gymnastics does not share your email information with third parties, except our service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
If you sign up for an account, Excalibur Gymnastics collects your email address. We may occasionally use this email to contact you for site-related issues. If you do not want us to contact you for commercial purposes, you can change your account settings by clicking on the "Edit Profile and Settings" link on your My Account page (you must be logged in to view this page). Excalibur Gymnastics complies with the Federal Can-Spam Act (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.).
We need your help in discovering illegal or inappropriate email conduct perpetrated by impostors. In the event that you receive an email that you feel is spam and it appears to be sent by or affiliated with Excalibur Gymnastics, please forward the email to our webmaster at valerie@computerdesigngraphics.com.
Visiting Our Website From Outside the U.S.
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those service providers with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy.
Class Schedule
Promotions
Birthday Parties
School Day Off Camp
Summer Camp 2020
Team Camps
Field Trips
Follow us
facebook
twitter
instagram
Home
Contact Us
Directions
*old* Classes & Programs page
Class Schedule
Calendar
Become a Member
Meets / Events
Privacy Policy
© 2008-2020 Excalibur Gymnastics. All Rights Reserved.
Virginia Beach Website Design by CDG Marketing & Web Design.