http://farwestnordic.org/aboutold/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
PURPOSE: The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain how Far West Nordic Ski Education Association uses personal information. We use personal information for a variety of purposes, such as:
Communicating with members and e-mail subscribers.
To fulfill and confirm orders.
Displaying race and race series results on our website, www.farwestnordic.org, at which we may identify your name, age, age range, and/or sex.
Analyzing membership trends and to improve the programs that we offer.
Personal information provided to us will be used to conduct the business of Far West Nordic Ski Education Association and for no other purpose.
INFORMATION SHARING: We will not to share any of the information you provide to us with any third party. We do not sell, rent, or exchange our member or e-mail subscriber lists, although we may from time to time contact you about third party events or offerings we believe may be of interest.
E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS: Anyone can subscribe to our e-mail list, you don’t have to be a member. Individuals who provide their e-mail to us at any Far West Nordic event or program may be added to our e-mail list. We make every effort to be in compliance with Anti-SPAM laws; e-mails you receive from us include detailed unsubscribe information.
SECURITY AND CREDIT CARD INFORMATION: we use a secure credit card processor in our online store for all credit card purchases. Credit card information provided through our online store goes directly to the credit card processor using secure SSL technology; we do not receive or store personal credit card information provided in online transactions. For paper transactions, credit card information is destroyed after the credit card transaction goes through.
CONTACT INFORMATION: If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, you can contact us in any of the following ways:
Email: info@farwestnordic.org
Telephone: 530-582-0879
Mail: P.O. Box 10046, Truckee, California 96162
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.