http://fencor.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Fencor Girls Basketball Internet Privacy Policy
Privacy Commitment
Fort Washington AA-Fencor Girls Basketball (“Fencor”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers. As Fencor strives to offer its customers new products and services, Fencor remains sensitive to privacy issues, including those associated with the Internet. This Privacy Policy, which reaffirms Fencor’s commitment to maintaining customer privacy, discloses the privacy practices governing this web site, including how Fencor collects, protects, and uses Customer Information. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Customer Information” means any information gathered by Fencor about an identified individual, including, but not limited to, e-mail address, name, street address, telephone number, Social Security number, and credit card and bank account information. Customer Information does not include information that is publicly available.
Scope of Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of this web site (“Users”). By accessing the web site, the User consents to this Privacy Policy and to the collection and use of information by Fencor as specified herein.
Collection of Customer Information
The primary reason that Fencor collects and maintains Customer Information is to provide services to its customers. As explained below, information made available to Fencor falls into two general categories: (1) Customer Information voluntarily supplied, and (2) generic information recorded as Users navigate through the web site.
Voluntarily Provided Customer Information. Users of the web site may choose to provide Customer Information directly to Fencor by a number of means, including through the web site services registration process. Such Customer Information is stored in a secure database and may be retrieved and changed at the User’s request. The web site will remember some of this Customer Information for the next time a User logs in and uses the web site. Fencor may additionally obtain Customer Information from consumer reporting agencies in order to determine a User’s creditworthiness and credit history.
Generic Information. When a User accesses the web site, Fencor’s web servers automatically record the User’s Internet service provider, IP address, domain name, browser type, and operating system. This generic information does not reveal the User’s identity and is used in an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form to improve the web site.
Use of Customer Information
It is Fencor’s general policy to treat Customer Information as confidential and use it in a limited number of ways. When a User provides Customer Information when ordering services or requesting information on the web site, Fencor uses that information for the purpose for which it was provided. Fencor may use Customer Information between various departments within Fencor to effectively provide the services the customer desires. Fencor may additionally provide such information to specific non-affiliated third parties who are providing services for the benefit of the customer on behalf of or jointly with Fencor. Except as expressly set forth herein, Fencor does not sell or otherwise intentionally disclose Customer Information obtained on-line to non-Fencor entities unless the customer specifically authorizes such disclosure, it is required by law, or it is necessary to protect the safety of Fencor’s customers, employees or property. If a User desires to remain completely anonymous, the User may take advantage of the publicly available content on the web site without registration. Fencor reserves the right to transfer all such Customer Information in connection with the sale of all or part of Fencor’s capital stock or assets.
Retention of Customer Information
Subject to limits imposed by applicable law, Fencor retains Customer Information as long as it believes such information will be useful. Fencor reserves the right to eventually remove any such Customer Information from Fencor’s records.
Security
Fencor maintains reasonable electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect Customer Information from loss, unauthorized access and disclosure. Although Fencor believes these procedures are adequate, no method of storing or transmitting information over the Internet, including email communications, is completely secure. Accordingly, Fencor cannot guaranty or warrant the absolute performance of such safeguards. If a User does not want Fencor to know any particular Customer Information, the User should not include it in anything submitted to this web site.
In using certain services offered on this web site, a User may be assigned a user ID and password. The User is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of his/her user ID and password, and is responsible for all activities that occur under his/her user ID and password. Each User agrees to immediately notify Fencor of any unauthorized use of his/her user ID, password or Customer Information, or any other breach of security regarding the web site. Fencor will not be liable for any loss arising from a User’s failure to comply with these security requirements and each User agrees to hold Fencor harmless from any and all losses that arise from any such failure to comply.
Fencor is not responsible for any information, including Customer Information, which may be gathered at a linked or other third-party site. Although Fencor has taken precautions to ensure that linked sites follow a similar privacy policy, Fencor cannot guarantee their policy or practices and urges Users to review the individual policies of each site they visit. In no event will Fencor be responsible for any third-party web site policies or actions.
Changes to Policy
Fencor is continuously working to improve its Privacy Policy to remain in compliance with evolving laws pertaining to the Internet and customer privacy. Fencor accordingly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such change will be effective upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy at the web site. If such changes are made, Fencor will revise the “Last Updated” date on the top of the Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the web site after the posting of any such changes, you accept and agree to the Privacy Policy, as modified.
Compliance with Laws
Fencor will comply with applicable federal and state laws regarding its collection and use of your Customer Information and will limit any disclosures accordingly.
Fencor does not knowingly collect nor does Fencor desire to collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen without verifiable parental consent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, visit the FTC web site at www.ftc.gov.
Questions
If you have questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy, please write to us at fencor@fencor.org.
Back to top
Home
ABOUT & FAQ’s
HISTORY
ALUMNAE
PROUD PAST
TOURNAMENTS
TOURNAMENTS & REGISTRATION
FENCOR / PHILLY CLUB BALL SHOWCASE
EAST COAST CHAMPIONSHIPS
SCHEDULES & TEAM LISTS
GYM LOCATIONS & DIRECTIONS
PLAYER & TEAM INFO
TRYOUTS & REGISTRATION
COACHES
PHOTO GALLERY
CLOTHING & UNIFORM ORDER
PARENT SURVEY
LINKS
CONTACT
Search
X