https://festaseattle.com/about/privacy/
Locations
About
Sponsors
Volunteers
Board
Local History
Organizations
Privacy
News
Contact
September 26 & 27, 2020
Privacy Policy How we use information about our visitors and patrons
Committed to protecting the privacy of our patrons
Information We Collect
We may collect and maintain certain information about you if you elect to provide it to us. For example, you may provide information to us when you order tickets or make purchases or donations on our website; when you purchase tickets; or when you request to receive email communications about our performances and programs. The types of information we might collect include, but are not limited to: name, address, city, zip code, email address, phone number, credit card number & expiration, and your interests relating to Festa Italiana.
Cookies
Festa Italiana’s website uses browser “cookies” in order to conduct its online transactions. Cookies are sets of information stored on your computer that help you interact with the website. Cookies can store tracking data about your browsing activity (such as registration, shopping cart contents, or web pages visited), but cannot access any personal information from your browser and do not allow third parties to access any of your customer information. If you do not want your computer to receive a cookie, or if you want your browser to notify you before receiving a cookie, you can configure your browser to do so by changing the cookie options in your browser’s “Options” or “Preferences” menu. Please note that disabling cookies may limit your ability to use all of the features of Festa Italiana’s website. More information about deleting and controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org.
We and our advertising partners, including advertising networks, use information gathered through cookies and other similar technologies, as well as other information we or they may have, to help tailor the ads you see on our sites and to help make decisions about the ads you see on other sites. For example, if you visit Festa Italiana’s web site, you may later see a related ad from us on a web site you visit. To opt-out of targeted advertising from many other ad networks click here.
We are committed to providing you with more control and transparency about the use of cookies and other tools used to provide you with online advertising. We are working with our advertising partners and other online companies to make those improvements, and hope soon to be able to provide you additional options for managing how your data is used.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to, the following: completing your online purchases or other transactions; providing you with information you request; notifying you of Festa Italiana performances, events, or programs we think you might find of interest.
Phone Numbers and Email Addresses
We will not trade or sell your phone number or email address to any other business or organization. Your email address and phone number are collected only for ticket and merchandise processing and tracking purposes, and to communicate with you about your tickets or other offerings. If you provide your email address and opt-in to our list, you will receive periodic email newsletters with advance performance and ticket information, special offers and event opportunities, and Festa Italiana news. You may also receive occasional special-subject emails.
Mailing Address Information
Festa Italiana collects mailing address information primarily to inform our patrons about performances, ticket purchasing opportunities, and special events and offers. We may also use our mailing and phone lists to ask for your support for our Annual Fundraising campaign. We do not rent or sell our mailing lists to commercial businesses. Occasionally, we trade our mailing lists with other arts or non-profit organizations. We do not trade phone numbers or email addresses.
Other Uses
Festa Italiana may disclose information about you as required to comply with any law, regulation, or legal request; to protect the rights, property, and safety of Festa Italiana, our customers, or others; and/or to cooperate with any law enforcement investigation.
Opting Out
If you do not wish to receive updates and information from Festa Italiana, you may opt out by emailing us at: info@festaseattle.com. You may also call us at: 206.282.0627. Or you may write to us at:
Festa Italiana
P.O. Box 9549
Seattle, WA 98109-0549
When you contact us, please let us know if you do not wish to receive mail, phone calls, or emails or have your mailing information traded to other arts or non-profit organizations.
Updating Your Information
If you would like to update or correct any information you previously provided to Festa Italiana, please send us an e-mail at info@festaseattle.com detailing your requested changes.
Security
Festa Italiana makes every effort to ensure the security of its network and systems. For your Internet security we use industry standard RSA-signed Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, with 2048-bit RSA keys, for all financial transactions that take place on our site.
Seattle Center 305 Harrison Street,
Seattle, WA 98109
Festa Italiana Office P.O. Box 9549
Seattle, WA 98109-0549
(206) 282-0627
© 2020 Festa Italiana Seattle.
All Rights Reserved. "Taste of Italy" is a registered trademark of Festa Italiana, Inc.
Entertainment & Activities
Bingo Italiano
Musical Performances
Chef Demos
Learn Italian
Learn Bocce
Grape Stomp Review
Food & Drink
Chef Demos
Recipe Collection
Vendors
Exhibits
Classic Vehicles
Art & Photography
Italian Dogs
Historic Photographs
Locations
About
Sponsors
Volunteers
Board
Local History
Organizations
Privacy
News
Contact
September 26 & 27, 2020
Italian Food Quiz and Presentation from the Dante Alighieri Society
Quiz and Presentation
For the past several years, Domenico Minotti has prepared a quiz for Festa Italiana, an annual celebration of Italian culture, food and music held each year at the Seattle Center at the end of September. Since this year’s Festa Italiana will be virtual, Domenico has prepared a virtual quiz to go along with that. The quiz was premiered September 9th 2020 at the Dante Alighieri Society’s English Language meeting held virtually on Zoom. Links to PDFs of the quiz and the answer key along with the presentation are available below.
Presentation
English / Italian
Virtual Festa Italiana Quiz
English / Italian
[Festa Quiz 2020 Answer Key]
About Domenico (“Nick”) Minotti
In the late 1920s, Nick’s parents emigrated from Sant’Angelo, Limosano, a small hilltop town in Molise. The population at that time was about 1000 but is now 345 as Nick learned on a visit last year. The family spoke their dialect at home. Nick studied Italian at Columbia University and Perugia and got lots of practice while on Fulbright study grants in Milan in the mid 60’s. Nick returned to the states and to his first love, medicine, at Georgetown University and came to Seattle in 1976 to work at the US Public Health Hospital on Beacon Hill, better known as the Marine Hospital. He and his father Pasquale would attend Dante meetings back then but took a break until retirement a few years ago. Nick serves as a Consigliere for our Dante group.
×
Roberto Mario Tacchi, memorial collection
A special memorial collection of works has been added to “Le Arti della Festa Italiana” Art Exhibit at the Italian Festival this year in honor of  Roberto Mario Tacchi whose elegant woodcarvings adorn Seattle public spaces and personal collections and who passed away May 15, 2019 at the age of 80. Born in Florence Italy, Roberto learned his craft from his father, becoming the seventh generation of woodcarvers in the Tacchi family.
As opposed to his large public works, this collection will be of “chamber pieces” that he carved primarily for family, friends and private collectors. They will be on display in the Armory on Saturday and Sunday, September  28 & 29, 2019 from 10 AM – 5 PM each day. Admission is free. Patrons of the “Taste of Italy” Wine Tasting on Friday night, September 27th will also be able to view the collection.
His public works present in the Seattle area include the exterior doors of the First Presbyterian Church in downtown Seattle, the chapel at Providence Marianwood in Issaquah and a memorial display in the Bell Harbor Conference Center. Surely even more treasured are the frames, sea shells and other carvings found in the homes of the many people who sought out his work for its elegance and sensuous beauty. When the Henry Art Gallery at the University of Washington obtained the loan of Leonardo da Vinci’s Salvator Mundi painting in 1982, they commissioned Roberto to carve a Late Gothic altar and triptych in order to properly display this revered work.
×
Galbani’s Celebrity “Chef Marco” Mark Sciortino
Mark Sciortino “Chef Marco”, owner of Marco’s Italian Restaurant, in Buffalo, NY, has been creating and serving traditional, family–favorite, Italian dishes for over 30 years. He also owns the locally famous Marco’s Italian Deli, tagged as “Home of the Original SANGWICH!” which is a term used by many Italian communities in place of “sandwich”.
Lactalis American Group, Inc., headquartered in Buffalo, NY, is a subsidiary of Parmalat S.p.A., an Italian public entity majority-owned by France-based Groupe Lactalis – the world’s largest producer of premium cheese. They hired Chef Marco in 2008, to be their spokesman for Sorrento® and Precious® Cheeses. He demonstrated creative and fun cooking tips using their products for three national TV shows. Due to his immense success as a TV personality, Chef Marco continues to make appearances. He performs cooking demos from coast to coast, for the cheese company’s many sponsored Italian festivals, under their new name Galbani® Cheese – Italy’s #1 cheese brand. Along with the festival cooking demos, Marco has appeared on numerous morning shows in Los Angeles, South Florida, and New York. He was also the featured chef for many years on “Come Dine with Me WNY!” and “Winging it Buffalo Style,” local TV shows in Western New York.
To find out more information about Chef Marco visit www.galbanichefmarco.com
About Galbani®
First crafted in Italy by Egidio Galbani in 1882—Galbani® has long been the #1 cheese brand in Italy. For over 130 years, Galbani has been delighting families all over Italy. Today the Galbani brand brings its timeless tradition from Italy to the American table with the delicious taste of mozzarella, ricotta, fresh mozzarella, and snack cheese made and sold in the United States. Galbani® cheese is a leading brand of Lactalis American Group, Inc. (“LAG”). Headquartered in Buffalo, NY, LAG is a subsidiary of Parmalat S.p.A., an Italian public entity majority-owned by France-based Groupe Lactalis – the world’s largest producer of premium cheese. LAG produces a wide array of cheese products, including a variety of specialty cheese available to retail, foodservice and industrial customers.
For more info on Galbani, please visit www.galbanicheese.com. Galbani is a ® of Egidio Galbani S.r.l. ©2019 Lactalis American Group, Inc., Buffalo, NY 14220.
×