https://floorball.sport/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The collection of information and how we use it
The main reason why IFF collects information is to provide and improve the IFF digital platforms, services, or IFF content, their features, to administer your membership, and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the IFF digital platforms.
The information we collect from you
IFF collects information when you register for an account and when you enter into transactions, promotions or sweepstakes. The information collected may include, but is not limited to, the following personal information: email address, last name, first name, country of residence, date of birth, gender, screen name, password, and opt-in for game and IFF Content preferences. This is collected in order to process some of your transactions through the IFF Digital Platforms.
Cookies
When you visit the IFF digital platforms, we will use “cookies” to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are transferred to a computer’s hard disk in order to memorise information like registration IDs and passwords. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie and various values.
We further utilise session ID cookies to enable certain features of the IFF digital platforms to better understand how you interact with the IFF digital platforms and to monitor aggregate usage by IFF digital platforms’ users and web traffic routing on the IFF digital platforms. Session ID cookies are, unlike persistent cookies, deleted from your computer when you log off from the IFF digital platforms and close your browser or IFF App.
Please note that you can always choose to block cookies by updating your web browser privacy settings. To do so, you will have to access the “Help” menu in your browser’s menu bar and search for the term “cookies”. Please, however, take note that, if you block cookies, you may not be able to use all sections of the IFF digital platforms or all functionality of the services.
Other third parties that are presenting advertisements on or within the IFF digital platforms may also set and use cookies to access your computer. Please refer specifically to each third party website and statements of privacy to understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal information through their cookies.
Automatic Information
IFF automatically collects some information about your computer when you visit the IFF digital platforms, regardless of whether you have registered for an account or not by just browsing our servers. For example, IFF will collect your IP address, Web browser software, and referring website. We also may collect information about your location or your online activity on the IFF digital platforms. Collecting this information helps IFF customise your user experience and to monitor and analyse your use of the IFF digital platforms and the services. This information is also used for the IFF digital platforms’ technical administration and for the optimisation of the IFF digital platforms’ usability and functionalities.
How we use your information
We use other information about you for the following general purposes: to provide you with the services you request; to manage your account, including processing bills; to communicate with you in general; to respond to your questions and comments; to notify you about special offers that may be of interest to you; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
Aggregate information shall also be used to customise the advertising. In using the IFF digital platforms you expressly entitle IFF to collect and process your information in particular for such marketing and customisation of the services. You may always revoke Your consent by deleting your account.
Phishing
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to IFF. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not, and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.
Information sharing and disclosure
IFF may send information about you to third parties when:
a) we have your consent to share the information; or
b) we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; or
c) we provide the information to companies who work on behalf of IFF under confidentiality agreements; or
d) we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
e) we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Security
We want wou to feel confident about using the IFF digital platforms. For that reason, We have implemented reasonable technical and organisational measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, the internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your information for improper purposes.
If yyu communicate with IFF by email, You should note that the secrecy of internet email is uncertain. By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted You accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the internet.
Your right to access information
You are entitled to see the information held about you. If you wish to do this, please send an email to office(at)floorball.org. We may require you to provide verification of your identity and to pay an administration fee to provide a copy of the information we hold. Please note that in certain circumstances we may withhold access to your information where we have the right to do so under current data protection legislation.
Updating/deleting your information
You may review, correct, update, change or delete your personal information at any time by accessing your account on the IFF Digital platforms. We will accommodate your request for deletion, if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record.
Links to other sites
If any part of the IFF digital platforms link to other websites, those websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. If you choose to visit an advertiser or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. We do not exercise control over third party websites and therefore recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on these other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using and disclosing personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. If we amend this Privacy Policy, we shall place an updated version on this page on the IFF website. The IFF website and/or the IFF app may also provide notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on or within the IFF digital platforms.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
This Privacy Policy and all matters arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the substantive laws of Switzerland, without regards to conflicts of laws and principles thereof.
Any controversy, claim or dispute between you and IFF arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Commerce (Handelsgericht) of Zurich, and each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of such court.
Close
Search for...
Search