http://fortpiercebowl.com/privacy-policy/
A Roofing Blog
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Fort Pierce Roofing ("Fort Pierce Roofing") operates fortpiercebowl.com and may operate other websites. It is Fort Pierce Roofing's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fort Pierce Roofing collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Fort Pierce Roofing's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Fort Pierce Roofing's visitors use its website. From time to time, Fort Pierce Roofing may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fort Pierce Roofing also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on fortpiercebowl.com blogs/sites. Fort Pierce Roofing only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fort Pierce Roofing's websites choose to interact with Fort Pierce Roofing in ways that require Fort Pierce Roofing to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fort Pierce Roofing gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at fortpiercebowl.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Fort Pierce Roofing are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Fort Pierce Roofing collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Fort Pierce Roofing. Fort Pierce Roofing does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Fort Pierce Roofing may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Fort Pierce Roofing may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Fort Pierce Roofing does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fort Pierce Roofing discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Fort Pierce Roofing's behalf or to provide services available at Fort Pierce Roofing's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Fort Pierce Roofing's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Fort Pierce Roofing will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Fort Pierce Roofing discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Fort Pierce Roofing believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Fort Pierce Roofing, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Fort Pierce Roofing website and have supplied your email address, Fort Pierce Roofing may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Fort Pierce Roofing and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Fort Pierce Roofing takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fort Pierce Roofing uses cookies to help Fort Pierce Roofing identify and track visitors, their usage of Fort Pierce Roofing website, and their website access preferences. Fort Pierce Roofing visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Fort Pierce Roofing's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Fort Pierce Roofing's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Fort Pierce Roofing, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Fort Pierce Roofing goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Fort Pierce Roofing may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Fort Pierce Roofing and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fort Pierce Roofing may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fort Pierce Roofing's sole discretion. Fort Pierce Roofing encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a fortpiercebowl.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Categories
General
Roofing Companies
Roofing Suppliers
Recent Posts
Top Shingles to Use on Florida Buildings
Factors to Consider When Looking for Superior Commercial Roof Products and Materials
Best Commercial Roof Designs and Materials
What Are the Advantages of Using Tile Roofing?
The Best Siding for a Humid Climate
Tagscommercial roofer Orlando
commercial roofing Dallas
metal roofing Aurora
roofing companies in Houston
Proudly powered by WordPress.
Theme: Coraline by WordPress.com.