https://fortrosegolfclub.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies
Skip to primary navigation Skip to contentHome
FIXTURE BOOK 2021
The Club
Club Information
Apply for Membership
Club History
Club Facilities
Our Location
Club Champions
Club Achievements
The Course
Holes 1-18
Comments
Fees
Booking Info
Book and Pay Online
James Braid
Scorecard
Pro Shop
Competitions
Open Competitions
Fixtures
Club News & Results
Club and Open Competition Draws
Dining
Chanterelle Restaurant
Sample Menus
Visitors
Visitor Information
Where to stay
Where to play golf
Where to visit
Sponsors
Contact Us
Links
Online Booking
Members Area
Greens Blog
Club Newsletters
Junior Clubgolf
Junior Golf from 2013
Gallacher Award
RBS Junior Club of the Year
ClubGolf
Welcome to Fortrose & Rosemarkie Golf Course
Links Golf Since 1793
Special Golf Packages
Online Booking
Weather
FORTROSE AND ROSEMARKIE GOLF CLUB PRIVACY POLICY
The policy: This privacy policy is for this website: www.fortrosegolfclub.co.uk and served by Fortrose and Rosemarkie Golf Club, Ness Road East, Fortrose IV10 8SE and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations).
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details; how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA & PECR are adhered to. Additionally it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer / device in order to serve it to you. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The DPA & GDPR May 2018
We and this website comply with the DPA (Data Protection Act 1998) and with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) which comes into effect from 25th May 2018. We will update this policy accordingly after the completion of the UK's exit from the European Union.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. As required by legislation, where applicable this website uses a cookie control system, allowing the user to give explicit permission or to deny the use of /saving of cookies on their computer / device.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files saved to the user's computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors or use the cookie control system if available upon their first visit.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software, Google Analytics, to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, who may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting this us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named in 'The policy' above.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We will only contact you if you specifically agree to receiving information. We will never add your information to a mailing list without your express permission.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
Shortened URL's; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL's (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media and looks similar to this (example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo). Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conducts themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
MEMBERS
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we will never release your personal details to any third party without your express consent. When you complete an application to join Fortrose and Rosemarkie Golf Club certain personal information is collected from you (for example: your name, email address, gender, golf handicap, type of  membership sought). You can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and surname
Date of Birth
Current Address
Phone numbers
Email address
Gender
Occupation
Handicap ability
Membership Category
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to administer your membership and to provide the products and services you have requested from us, and provide you with a better service for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Sending subscription notices to you.
Recording financial transactions to your subscription account.
Contacting you with relevant club correspondence.
Maintaining a record of any competitions you play in.
Maintaining a record of your handicap and related CDH Number.
Providing you with a Member’s Card for gaining access to the club and discounted bar facilities.
Confirm your handicap to other Golf Clubs if they request confirmation of your handicap for any competitions you have entered with them.
Fortrose and Rosemarkie Golf Club will retain your personal information on our club membership database for the duration of your membership.
We take your privacy seriously and all such information is held on secure servers. Fortrose and Rosemarkie Golf Club complies with all applicable Data Protection Regulations. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this policy and will notify you accordingly.
Fortrose and Rosemarkie Golf Club.
Regular Open Competitions
Play amidst breathtaking scenery & adjacent dolphin colony
Experience one of the oldest original Scottish links courses
See our accommodation at Penta Hotel, Inverness