http://foxfire247.com/privacy-policy/
General
Foxfire Golf Course respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web site or responds to our interactive advertisements. This privacy policy outlines the information Foxfire Golf Course will collect and how we will use that information. This statement also will instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit Foxfire Golf Course Web site or respond to our advertisements.
Individually Identifiable Information
Foxfire Golf Course will not collect any individually identifiable information about you such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
If you do not want your individually identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the phone number listed at the bottom of this policy. We will delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with individually identifiable information, we may use that information in the following ways unless stated otherwise: we may store and process it to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services; we may use it to contact you; and we may provide statistical but non-identifiable data to third parties. We will never share your email address or personal details with anyone.
Children
Foxfire Golf Course has no intention of collecting any individually identifiable information such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address from individuals under the age of 13. Where appropriate, Foxfire Golf Course will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our Web site or in response to advertisements. If a child has provided us with individually identifiable information, that child’s parent or guardian should contact us at the phone number listed at the bottom of this policy if they would like this information deleted from our records.
Non-Individually Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not individually identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer’s Hard Drive
When you view one of our Web sites or advertisements, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor a Web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Whom to Contact
If you have submitted individually identifiable information through the Foxfire Golf Course Web site or interactive advertisement and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us at 315-638-2930. We will delete this information from our existing files.
Rates & SpecialsTee TimesScorecardTournamentsReciprocalPhotosContact