https://freestylemx.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us at Freestylemx.com. Through this website, www.freestylemx.com (the “Site”), FreestyleMx.com and its affiliated companies (collectively, “Freestylemx.com” or “we”/”us”/”our”) provide information about Freestylemx.com Marc Burnette and other projects and various products and services, access to the community of Freestylemx.com fans and links to other websites. We collect information from you and use this information to improve your experience in using the Site and our various products and services; this information also aids in communications among Freestyle MX, you and other Site users and to notify you of products and services that we think may be of interest to you.. Please read on for more details concerning our Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information Does Freestylemx.com Collect?
Automatic Collection of Information: Like many websites on the Internet, we employ the use of “cookies” in certain areas of our Site to allow us to provide information which is targeted to your interests and to make your online experience more convenient. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most cookies we may use will be “session cookies,” meaning that they will be automatically deleted at the end of a Site visit. You are always free to decline any cookies we use if your browser permits.
Who is Collecting Your Information?
When you provide information through the Site, the information is transmitted through the Internet and stored on servers owned and maintained by our third-party Internet Service Provider (“ISP”). Our ISP shares the information collected only with us through our marketing agency, unless you are informed otherwise. You will be informed if any other party is involved in collecting information from you through use of the Site. In such situations, you can elect not to share the information requested.
FreestyleMX.com affiliates and partners and other entities that have links on the Site may also collect information about you when you visit their websites or otherwise communicate with them. Although we encourage such third parties to adopt and follow their own consumer privacy policies, we are not responsible for their collection and use of user information. The information practices of those websites linked to the Site are not covered by this Privacy Policy. You should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective Webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information collection, use and disclosure policies.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Contact information we collect may be used to send (1) orders, (2) information about our company, and (3) promotional material from some of our partners to our users. A customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with that customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section immediately below.
To Opt-out of receiving future mailings and/or promotions:
1. You can send email to contact@freestylemx.com.
In addition, we will share the personal identifying information we collect from you under the following circumstances:
Protection of rights. We will release user information: (1) if we believe the law requires it or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities or to comply with legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, (2) if we believe such action is appropriate to enforce the Terms of Use for the Site, or (3) if we believe such action is appropriate to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Freestylemx.com, its employees, other Site users or others.
Asset transfers. If we should choose to sell some or all of our assets, user information, including the information collected from you through this Site, could be included in the transferred assets.
Independent Contractors. We may share user information with independent contractors that we hire from time to time in connection with the operation of the Site or other operation(s) related to our business.
In all other circumstances, if we disclose any user information to a third party it will be in the form of aggregated statistical data that doesn’t identify any user individually. This non-identifying information may include, for example, the purchasing patterns, trends, preferences, and other collective characteristics of our users. Disclosure of this information serves to help us, our affiliates and others evaluate and tailor our communications, advertisements, products, services and general business practices to the needs of users of the Site.
Control of Your Information
You can correct, update or delete the information you provide Freestylemx.com by contacting our Webmaster by sending an email to info@freestylemx.com.
Bulletin Boards and Chat Rooms
We provide chat sessions and rooms, forums, message boards and/or bulletin boards for users to receive information about Freestylemx and related topics. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas may be viewed by other users of the Site. If you post on any of these areas, please use care not to disclose any personal identifying information. We are not responsible or liable for the uses that others may make of the information you post on any of these areas.
Security
The personal identifying information that you provide to us is stored on servers, which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, all Freestylemx.com’ personnel who have access to such information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information, and we limit access of such information by our employees to the information reasonably required in order to provide prompt, high quality service. However, no server, computer network or system, or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our Site and you provide such information to us and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our, and our ISP’s, systems.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is a general audience website and no portion of the Site is directed to children under the age of 13. We do not collect personal identifying information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
Summary
At Freestylemx.com, protecting your privacy is important to us. By accessing and using the Site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information by West Coast Choppers as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time and we will post all changes on this page. If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please send an email to our Webmaster at contact@freestylemx.com.