http://globike.net/viewprivacy
Active Topics
Active Posts
Unanswered Posts
Search
Advanced
en Español?
Register User
Calendar
Active Topics
Search
FAQ
[Log In]You are not logged in.
International Bicycle Travel Forum
»
Privacy statement
Who's Online
10 registered (Schamel, cyclerps, Hartmut.L, gatzek, Bicyclista, FordPrefect, 4 invisible),
30
Guests and
367
Spiders online.
Details
Search
Advanced
About this forum
Rules
The Rules for this forum
Terms of use
Agreements for the use
The Team
Who's behind the forum?
Involved Homepages
Bicycle-travel sites already using the forum
Participate!
Use this forum in your Homepage
RSS feeds
Overview of public RSS feeds
Shoutbox
A small chat area
Partner Sites
Betzgi's VeloreisenMountainbike Expedition TeamImpetus In MundumAustralia by PushbikeGrenzenlosGlobetreterReiseleben.deVelo-TraumreisepedalglobalT&T on tour
more...
Statistics
27599 Members
92947 Topics
1438716 Posts
During the last 12 months 3137 members have been active.The most activity so far was at 23.01.20 13:09
with 2187
users online.
more...
Privacy statement
Privacy policy of the International Bicycle Travel Forum.
Last updated: 25.5.2018
General Information and Mandatory Information
Appointment of the responsible body
The responsible body for data processing on this website is:
Mathias HoeschenAlte Jakobstraße 8910179 BerlinGermany
The controller alone or together with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, contact data, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Some data processing procedures are only possible with your express consent. A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. An informal notification by e-mail is sufficient for the revocation. The legality of the data processing up to the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
As the person concerned, you have a right of appeal to the responsible supervisory authority in the event of a breach of data protection law. The responsible supervisory authority with regard to data protection issues is the State Data Protection Commissioner of the Federal State of Berlin, Germany. The following link provides a list of data protection officers and their contact details: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Right to data transferability
You have the right to have your personal data, which we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfilment of a contract, handed over to you or to third parties. It is provided in a machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only take place if it is technically feasible.
Right to information, correction, blocking, deletion
You have the right to free information about your stored personal data, the origin of the data, its recipients and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correction, blocking or deletion of this data at any time within the scope of the applicable legal provisions. In this regard and also for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time via the contact options listed in the imprint.
SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as the site operator, our website uses SSL or TLS encryption. This means that data that you transmit via this website cannot be read by third parties. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the "https://" address line of your browser and the lock symbol in the browser line.
Server log files
In server log files we automatically collect and store information that your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Time of the server request
IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources. Data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
Registration on this website
You can register on our website to use certain functions. The transmitted data is used exclusively for the purpose of using the respective offer or service. Mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise we will refuse the registration.
In case of important changes, for example for technical reasons, we will inform you by e-mail. The email will be sent to the address you provided when you registered.
The data entered during registration will be processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. An informal notification by e-mail is sufficient for the revocation. The legality of the data processing already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
We store the data collected during registration during the period you are registered on our website. Your data will be deleted if you cancel your registration. Legal retention periods remain unaffected.
Storage period of contributions
Contributions and related data, such as IP addresses, are stored. The content remains on our website until it has been completely deleted or had to be deleted for legal reasons.
Contributions are stored on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. An informal notification by e-mail is sufficient for the revocation. The legality of data processing processes already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
Subscribing to articles
As a user of our website, you can subscribe to contributions once you have registered. With a confirmation e-mail we check whether you are the owner of the given e-mail address. You can cancel the subscription function for contributions at any time via the menu item "My equipment > Watch lists". Data entered to set up the subscription will be deleted in the event of cancellation. Should these data have been transmitted to us for other purposes and elsewhere, they will remain with us.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. These are small text files that your web browser stores on your device. Cookies help us to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure.
Some cookies are "session cookies." Such cookies are deleted automatically at the end of your browser session. However, other cookies will remain on your device until you delete them yourself. Such cookies help us to recognize you when you return to our website.
You can use a modern web browser to monitor, restrict or prevent the setting of cookies. Many web browsers can be configured so that cookies are automatically deleted when the program is closed. Deactivation of cookies may result in limited functionality of our website.
The setting of cookies, which are necessary for the exercise of electronic communication processes or the provision of certain functions desired by you, takes place on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. As the operator of this website, we have a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and smooth provision of our services. If other cookies are set (e.g. for analysis functions), these are treated separately in this data protection declaration.
PayPal
Our website allows you to make a donation via PayPal. The payment service provider is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.
If you pay with PayPal, the payment data you have entered will be transmitted to PayPal.
Your data will be transmitted to PayPal on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO (consent) and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO (processing to fulfil a contract). A revocation of your already given consent is possible at any time. Data processing operations in the past remain effective in the event of a revocation.
Source: This is the english translation of the Privacy Configurator from mein-datenschutzbeauftragter.de
Imprint
·  Privacy statement
·  Terms of use