http://gloucesterwomenshockey.ca/privacy-policy/
Home
Registration
Leaders
Contacts
News
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Menu Not Found
Skip to content
HomeContacts
Hockey Blog
Leaders
News
Privacy Policy
Registration
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy:Gloucester Womens Hockey ("Gloucester Womens Hockey") operates http://gloucesterwomenshockey.ca/ and may operate other websites. It is Gloucester Womens Hockey policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Gloucester Womens Hockey collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Gloucester Womens Hockey purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Gloucester Womens Hockey visitors use its website. From time to time, Gloucester Womens Hockey may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Gloucester Womens Hockey also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://gloucesterwomenshockey.ca/ blogs/sites. Gloucester Womens Hockey only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Gloucester Womens Hockey websites choose to interact with Gloucester Womens Hockey in ways that require Gloucester Womens Hockey to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Gloucester Womens Hockey gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://gloucesterwomenshockey.ca/ to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Gloucester Womens Hockey are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Gloucester Womens Hockey collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Gloucester Womens Hockey. Gloucester Womens Hockey does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Gloucester Womens Hockey may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Gloucester Womens Hockey may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Gloucester Womens Hockey does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Gloucester Womens Hockey discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Gloucester Womens Hockey behalf or to provide services available at Gloucester Womens Hockey websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Gloucester Womens Hockey websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Gloucester Womens Hockey will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Gloucester Womens Hockey discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Gloucester Womens Hockey believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Gloucester Womens Hockey, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Gloucester Womens Hockey website and have supplied your email address, Gloucester Womens Hockey may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Gloucester Womens Hockey and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Gloucester Womens Hockey takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Gloucester Womens Hockey uses cookies to help Gloucester Womens Hockey identify and track visitors, their usage of Gloucester Womens Hockey website, and their website access preferences. Gloucester Womens Hockey visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Gloucester Womens Hockey websites, with the drawback that certain features of Gloucester Womens Hockey websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Gloucester Womens Hockey, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Gloucester Womens Hockey goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Gloucester Womens Hockey may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Gloucester Womens Hockey and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Gloucester Womens Hockey may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Gloucester Womens Hockey sole discretion. Gloucester Womens Hockey encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://gloucesterwomenshockey.ca/ account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Follow us
RSS url
Atom url
Search Form
Last Articles
Adorable Attitude – Douglas Campbell
Amazing Stratagems – Gary Wood
Seductive Originality – Adam Henderson
Enterprising Views – Jose Young
Industrious Proposal – Ethan Bailey
Wise Impression – James Rogers
Marvelous Invention – Brian Cooper
Pleasing Creation – Billy Robinson
Admirable Principle – Keith Miller
Valuable Theme – Brandon Richardson
Last Galeries
Recent PostsBrian Pearl, RHP, University of...Although 90 percent of the race is in the woods, there are several road...The Barclays Premier League returns to action tomorrowFinding the best crossfit shoes for flat feetSo Japan 70.3 has been run and wonWeight Training For Soccer PlayersGetting Ready to Race"On Paper"Was This Supposed to be Easy?Forest Green Rovers 8-0 demolition of Hyde on the opening day of...Wildflower was my first hit out for the seasonPlymouth DE Brennen Beyer will hold off for nowMany people like the summer...Bike Commute Tips for the Beginner CyclistIs it Time to Trade Steve Nash?Does Having the Best Player in Football Correlate to Wins?Cape Tribulation For The Charlie Hall ChaseHedge Your Bets
World Cup 2014