https://gocedarhillfarm.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy Policy
Homeprivacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) applies to the Cedar Hill Farm website located at www.gocedarhillfarm.com (this “Site”), which is owned and operated by Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. (referred to in this Privacy Policy as the “Farm”, “The Barn”, “Cedar Hill”, “Cedar Hill Farm”, “Cedar Hill’s Haunted Farm”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes the Farm’s collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies whether you access or use this Site via personal computer, mobile device or otherwise. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through this Site and does not cover any information collected by any websites to which we link. In addition, please review the Site’s Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Site.
This Site is a general audience website that does not knowingly collect information from children younger than age 17 (“Children”, and each, a “Child”). However, the Site allows parents to register their Children for various educational programs by providing Cedar Hill Farm with a Child’s name and birth date. Please review our Children’s Privacy Policy to learn about the information this Site collects about Children, how that information is used, and additional information for parents and legal guardians (collectively, “Parents”) with regard to information collected by Cedar Hill Farm.
The Farm reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice and, unless otherwise indicated, such changes will become effective immediately; therefore, please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. This Privacy Policy was last revised on August 9, 2018.
Information Collected
Cedar Hill Farm only collects personally identifiable information (i.e., information that individually identifies you, such as names, mailing addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, and tax exempt numbers) when you submit it voluntarily. There may also be times when you submit information about someone else, such as when you make a donation in memory of someone, or register or request a program.
At the time you conduct a purchase on this Site, make a donation, agree to participate in a promotion, or register for any of our educational programs we may collect and store your name, address, credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information. We need this information to provide services that you request and to let you know of additional services about which you may be interested. In addition, we use your personally identifiable information to improve our marketing, development and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content offerings and to customize this Site’s content, layout and services. We may also use your information to deliver additional information to you that is intended to target your identified interests; in particular, we may use your email address, phone number or mailing address to contact you regarding administrative notices, offerings and communications relevant to you on this Site.
We may also use or disclose information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce the Terms of Use for this Site. In addition, we may disclose or access information when we believe in good faith that the law requires us to do so.
In addition, to make this Site more useful to you, we automatically gather general statistical information about this Site and its visitors, such as IP addresses (and information tied to IP addresses, such as screen size, color depth, language, java enabling, flash version, page title, host name, referring source, and page path), browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, services purchased, etc. In doing so, we do not reference you by name, email, mailing address, or any similar personally identifiable information. We use this data in the aggregate to learn about our visitors and to improve our ability to cater to their needs. We may use third party vendors to gather general statistical information about this Site and its visitors as well as to perform certain services on behalf of this Site, such as hosting this Site, designing or operating this Site’s features, enabling you to register for or purchase tickets to events, enabling Cedar Hill Farm to send you e-mail alerts, or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to your personally identifiable information to carry out the services they are performing for you or for Cedar Hill Farm.
As part of our service, we also use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are, to give you easier access to repeatedly used account information, to gather statistical information about usage, to research visiting patterns, and to help target advertisements based on user interests. In some instances, our partners and advertisers appearing at this Site may use their own cookies. Your web browser settings, which you may change at any time, determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. By changing those settings, you can accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or simply reject all cookies. If you decide to reject all cookies, please be aware that you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of this Site may be unavailable to you.
Contests and Promotions
We may offer contests and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”) through this Site that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion or as required by law, such as in connection with winner selection or prize fulfillment or in accordance with the Promotion’s official rules.
Employment
If you apply for a job with us via this Site, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status) in connection with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (“OFCCP”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies. Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies for business-related purposes, including, but not limited to responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
Information You Disclose Publicly
This Site may permit you to submit materials, participate in forums, blogs, message boards, and may provide you with the opportunity to submit, post, display, transmit, publish, distribute or broadcast such content and materials, including your personally identifiable information, to Cedar Hill Farm or this Site (collectively, “Submissions”). Your Submissions may be published online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or later developed). In addition, we may publish your name, voice, likeness and other personally identifiable information in connection with publishing your Submissions or a portion of your Submissions, and we may use your Submissions and any excerpt from your Submissions in connection with our advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. Please also see the Submissions to this Site section of our Terms of Use, which governs any content or materials you submit through this Site or to Cedar Hill Farm.
Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including personally identifiable information, in connection with your Submissions. Please note that we do not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you disclose publicly, share with others or otherwise upload onto this Site. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any content, materials, or information that you disclose or receive through this Site.
Security
We employ commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your personally identifiable information, such as “Secure Socket Layer” encryption to protect your credit card numbers. However, no transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure so we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. Please note that you are using this Site and providing us with your personally identifiable information at your own risk.
Rights to Opt-Out
At times, we will use the voluntarily submitted personal information, including email address and phone numbers to contact users who us this site about offers, educational programs, and specials we feel obtain to the user. The user may at any time contact us to opt-out of any marketing material submitted to the user. Furthermore, email and “texting” programs will also provide opt-out options applied within the marketing material or message. Standard text messaging rates will apply.
Transfer to the United States
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and that by providing your personally identifiable information, you consent to this transfer and storage of data in the United States.
Cedar Hill Farm Tickets
Tickets purchased are valid for the date/s you specify you would like to visit. Please check our operating hours for opening & closing times. Children aged 2 and under are FREE for admission. Children up to and including the age of 16 must be accompanied by an adult. Once payment has been confirmed, tickets booked online are reserved for collection at the park when you bring your confirmation number with you. Proof of age and/or I.D. may be required upon entry for faculty, senior, public service and/or any other discounts.
Cedar Hill Farm operates a policy of no refunds or exchanges for tickets bought at admissions, booked online or by telephone. Tickets are valid only for the date/s they are booked and cannot be transferred to another date. We cannot refund tickets for the reason of adverse weather conditions. Credit/debit card transactions are made on a separate secure server, with full encryption of all credit card data. Your credit card details and personal information will not be shared with any other company or organization. Use of the ticket implies agreement with our farm guidelines. The ticket remains the property of Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. and is not for re-sale and is non-refundable. Management reserves the right to refuse admission to any ticket holder and, in the interest of the public and for safety reasons, we also reserve the right to request guests to leave the park at any time.
Links to other websites
We use links to improve your experience of our web site. We will always seek to make these links clear, so that you know you have left our web site. However, please be aware that these web sites are owned and run by other companies and organizations and we cannot accept responsibility for any information you choose to divulge to a linked web site.
Website Terms & Conditions
The copyright and other intellectual property rights of all material on this site is owned by Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. unless otherwise stated. You are permitted to print or download extracts from this site providing they are for your personal use only and are not used for any commercial purpose.
No part of this website can be used for any other purpose including transfer to another website without the prior permission of Cedar Hill Farm, Inc.
Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. works to ensure that all information on this website is correct and accepts no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of this site. Everything on this site is provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. accepts no liability for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing on this website or your downloading of any data from the site.
While we strive to ensure that this site is available 24 hours a day, we will not be liable if for any reason the site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to this site may be suspended temporarily and without notice.
By using Cedar Hill Farm’s website you shall be deemed to have accepted these terms in full. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions, please do not use the website.
Contact Us
Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. is the operator of this Site and questions regarding this Privacy Policy and use of personal information should be directed to us via any of the following methods:
E-mail address: cedarhfarm@yahoo.com
Mail: 008 Love Road Hernando, MS 38632
Agrikole - Creative Multipurpose WordPress Theme.
Cedar Hill Farm, inc 2020.
WORK HERE
Terms of Use
privacy-policy