https://gocedarhillfarm.com/terms/
Search
Terms of Use
Hometerms
What is this about?
We like your Instagram/Facebook/Twitter “Social Media” photo you posted showcasing our farm. Because we thought your photo was so great, we’d love to get your permission to feature your photo on our web-pages, email marketing and social media pages to showcase your image. By responding to the message from our Cedar Hill Farm Media account with “#YesCHF” you represent and warrant that:
ou are eighteen (18) years of age or older,
You own all rights in and to your photos,
You have permission from any person(s) appearing in your photos to grant the rights herein,
Our use of your Social Media photo(s) does not infringe the rights of any third party or violate any law, and
That you have read and that you agree to the following terms and conditions:
What happens if I respond with (#YesCHF)?
You grant us rights to present your Social Media photos in Cedar Hill Farm Inc. marketing content, or more precisely: you grant Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. an unlimited, non-exclusive, assignable, sublicenseable, perpetual, worldwide right of utilization of the photos you post or have already posted on Social Media. This means by responding with (#YesCHF) in the Social Media message, Cedar Hill Farm gets an unlimited right to use the photos with the relevant hashtag as digital and non-digital content. The utilization includes for example the use of the photos in the Cedar Hill Farm, Inc. website, newsletters, e-mails, postings on our social media accounts, sponsored (paid advertisements) posts, or the use on billboards, or posters. However, Cedar Hill Farm shall have no obligation to use your photo.
What’s in it for me?
Your photos will possibly be used on Cedar Hill Farm social pages, e-spots, e-mails, and gocedarhillfarm.com to showcase your photo. In return you release and discharge Cedar Hill Farm from all and any obligation to pay you for any use of your photos, using required watermarks and any of the intellectual property rights contained therein in connection with the uses described above when you respond with (#YesCHF).
What if I change my mind after a while?
You can always change your mind and revoke the granting of rights by contacting the farm directly and asking us to discontinue the use of your work. However, Cedar Hill Farm is not responsibile for work already printed, in production or further. This will accommodate future use.
Privacy Policy
Please see our full Privacy Policy to see how Cedar Hill Farm handles and protects data.
Photography on the farm
From time to time we and third parties to whom we have provided authority may take photographs and/or video recordings of the Farm premises, including the parking lot and surrounding areas which may feature visitors. By purchasing a ticket, making a reservation, paying admission and/or by attending a private, public or free event at our Farm, you agree that the Farm or any authorized third party may use such images in perpetuity in any promotional or publicity material in any format whatsoever. You further agree that all copyright and any other intellectual property rights that subsist in or arise out of these materials shall be absolutely owned by us or such authorized third party (subject to our agreement) as the case may be.
Agrikole - Creative Multipurpose WordPress Theme.
Cedar Hill Farm, inc 2020.
WORK HERE
Terms of Use
privacy-policy