https://golf.com/privacy-policy/
EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified October __, 2020
ATTENTION:  PLEASE READ THIS EB GOLF MEDIA LLC PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) CAREFULLY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY PERTAINS TO YOUR ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, OR USING THE HTTPS://GOLF.COM/ WEBSITE (THE “WEBSITE”), AND YOUR ACCESSING ANY ASSOCIATED CONTENT, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE.
IF YOU HAVE RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT, PLEASE SEE THE CCPA SUPPLEMENT BELOW. IF YOU HAVE RIGHTS AS A RESIDENT OF NEVADA, PLEASE SEE THE YOUR NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS SECTION BELOW.
The Website is operated by EB Golf Media LLC, 6 E 43rd St, 12th fl, New York, NY 10017 (“We” or “Golf.com”). This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through your (“Your”) use of the Website, how We use it, how We share it, how We protect it, and the choices You can make about Your information.
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE. ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN FULL. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE. You acknowledge (a) that You have read and understood this Privacy Policy; (b) that this Privacy Policy shall have the same force and effect as a signed agreement; and (c) that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy, You consent to receive notifications regarding security incidents to the email address We have on file for You.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Website shall be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Please review the Privacy Policy each time You use the Website. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY. If We materially change this Privacy Policy, We will let You know by sending an email notifying You of the changes to the email address We have on file for You.
Information We Collect
We collect information from You when You use the Website, contact or interact with us, and voluntarily provide us with Your comments and other content in connection with using the Website.
When You create or log in to Your account, We may collect Your first name, last name, email address, and password.
When You place an order, We may collect Your email address, shipping information (including first name, last name, company, address, and telephone number), shipping method, payment information (including credit card number, name on card, expiration date, and security code), and billing address (including first name, last name, company, address, and telephone number).
When You subscribe to GOLF magazine, We may collect Your full name, address, email address, and payment information (including credit card number and expiration date).
We may collect information about You from third-party sources, including social media platforms, payment processors, advertising and marketing providers, analytics providers, and providers of third-party plug-ins.
We automatically collect information regarding each user of our Website, including Your IP address, the domain name of Your Internet service provider, the Website features You use and the time of Your use, Your device information (e.g., device model and operating system version), and aggregated information that cannot be used to specifically identify You when You use the Website. Additional information collected is described in the Analytics and Cookies sections below.
We may combine all of the information We collect from You and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Information
We use the information that We collect for several purposes, including:
The purposes for which it was provided;To provide information and respond to requests for products and services;To process and respond to customer inquiries and comments;To provide the products You order;To process payment transactions (Your information will be used to submit Your payment information to our payment processor);To create or add to Your registered account;To display relevant advertising;To administer, operate, and improve the Website;To personalize and enhance Your experience using the Website;To send periodic emails. If email recipients choose, the email address they provide may be used to send them occasional news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note:  If at any time email recipients would like to unsubscribe from receiving future commercial emails, We include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Website usage patterns;To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Website;To compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;To prevent fraud and abuse of the Website and to otherwise protect You and our business;To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas; andTo perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, personal information We collect may be processed by our partners in providing services related to the Website (such as administration services, technical services relating to the maintenance, servicing, and upgrading of software, hosting services, customer service, data migration services, and analytical services, among others).
How Information is Disclosed
Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please note that a user may choose not to share certain information as described in the Analytics section below.
Third-Party Service Providers and Business Partners. We may use third-party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with the Website, such as social sharing, marketing, site analytics, relationship management, functions related to analyzing and improving the Website usefulness, reliability, user experience, and operation, storing data, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We also may share personal information with these providers and partners for their direct marketing and promotional purposes and so they can provide services to You.
Advertising and Marketing Providers
We may share Your information with third-party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with advertising and marketing, including for the purposes of remarketing, affiliate marketing, and behavioral targeting.
These third-party advertising and marketing service providers and business partners may collect information related to Your device and browser, online identifiers, cookie identifiers, browsing history, website preferences, IP address, location (including precise location data), preferred language, time zone, email address, mobile telephone number, age range, gender, annual income, buying preferences, unique Index Exchange User IDs, mobile device identifiers, advertising IDs, people identifiers, audience segment identifiers, associations between identifiers, information related to Your Google account, information related to Your email opens and clicks, commercial information (including information related to purchased products and whether You purchased a product after viewing an advertisement), and information related to Your use of the Website (including the content You view on the Website, the advertisements served to You through the Website, the website from which You came, the duration of Your visit, Your number of visits, and the time of Your access).
To learn more about third-party online advertising and to opt out of certain types of advertising, please see: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Customer Relations Management Platforms
We may share Your information with third-party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with customer relations.
E-Commerce Platforms
We may share information with e-commerce platforms, including information related to Your name, email address, telephone number, billing address, shipping address, payment information, and information related to Your interactions with the e-commerce websites, Your account, and the e-commerce platforms (including information related to Your device, browser, network connection, IP address, and how You navigate the websites and platform).
Online Audio Distribution Platforms
We may share information with online audio distribution platforms.
Social Media PlatformsThrough buttons on the Website, We may share information with social media platforms, including information related to Your IP address, browser, operating system, cookie information, device, the websites and webpages You visit, the purchases You make, the ads You view, and how You use the Website.
Video Hosting and Sharing Platforms
We may share Your information with third-party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with video hosting and sharing, including Your name, email address, address, title, industry, IP address, user ID, device ID, browser and device information, time of visit, pages visited, geolocation, queries searched, ads viewed, videos watched, and user names.
Advertisers.  We may share information with advertisers on the Website for use in their advertising and marketing.Payment Processing.  Information You provide through the Website may be shared with and may be stored by our payment processors, and is subject to their privacy policies, including in the case of data breach. Business Changes. If We become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction, or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, We may transfer Your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith. Affiliates. We may also share Your information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our affiliates will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Investigations and Law. We may disclose information about You to third parties if We believe that such disclosure is necessary to:Comply with the law or guidance or cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties;Investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, the rights, reputation, safety, and property of us, users, or others, or violations of our policies or other agreements with us;Respond to claims and legal process (for example, subpoenas); and/or Protect against legal liability.
Aggregated Information. We may share aggregated information relating to users of the Website with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. This aggregated information does not contain personal information about any user.Analytics. We use third-party analytics tools to better understand who is using the Website and how people are using it. These tools may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about Your use of the Website and Your preferences and activities. These tools collect information sent by Your device or the Website and other information that assists us in improving the Website, such as Website pages visited, places where users click, time spent on each Website page, Internet Protocol address, type of operating system used, language preference, location-based data, device ID, search traffic, gender, and age. This information may be used to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand Your online activity. Our analytics providers may track Your activity over time and across websites.Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We, along with third parties, use cookies, local storage objects, Web beacons, and other technologies. These technologies are used for tracking, analytics, and personalization and optimization of the Website.
Cookies are small files that are transferred to and stored on Your computer through Your Web browser (if You allow it) that enable the website’s or service provider’s system to recognize Your browser and capture and remember certain information. You can instruct Your browser to stop accepting cookies. But, if You do not accept cookies, You may not be able to use all portions of all functionality of the Website.
Persistent cookies remain on the visitor’s computer after the browser has been closed.
Session cookies exist only during a visitor’s online session and disappear from the visitor’s computer when he/she closes the browser software.
Flash cookies (also known as local shared objects) are data files that can be created on Your computer by the websites You visit, and are a way for websites to store information for later use. Flash cookies are stored in different parts of Your computer from ordinary browser cookies. You can disable the storage of flash cookies. For additional information about managing and disabling flash cookies, please visit: http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. You can disable the ability of web beacons to capture information by blocking cookies.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies on the Website to help us understand and save Your preferences and interests, so We can personalize Your future visits and compile aggregate data about Website traffic and Website interaction to offer better Website experiences and tools in the future.
Some of our business partners, such as our analytics providers and advertising networks, also use cookies and other tracking technologies on our Website, some of which may track users across websites and over time.
For example, we and our third-party vendors use cookies and device identifiers to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on Your past visits to our Website and the products You previously viewed on the Website.
You can opt out of some third-party vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, and You can use Your device settings to control the use of device identifiers.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to protect the safety of Your personal information when You enter, submit, or access Your personal information.
While We take reasonable measures to protect the information You submit via the Website against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. No Internet, email, or mobile application transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Email or other messages sent through the Website may not be secure. You should use caution whenever submitting information through the Website and take special care in deciding with which information You provide us.
We cannot guarantee that transmissions of Your personal information will be fully secure and that third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or the security measures of our partners.  WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION DUE TO TRANSMISSION ERRORS, THIRD-PARTY ACCESS, OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
If you use our Website outside of the United States, You consent to having Your data transferred to the United States.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Your information for as long as You use the Website and for a reasonable time thereafter. We may maintain anonymized or aggregated data, including usage data, for analytics purposes. We may retain and use Your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or for the period required by laws in applicable jurisdictions. Please note that some or all of the information We have collected may be required for the Website to function properly.
Links to Other Services or Applications
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website. The Website may contain links to other websites or apps or may forward users to other websites or apps that We may not own or operate and to which this Privacy Policy does not apply. The links from the Website do not imply that We endorse or have reviewed these websites or apps. The policies and procedures We describe here do not apply to these websites or apps. We neither can control nor are responsible for the privacy practices or content of these websites or apps. We suggest contacting these websites or app providers directly for information on their privacy policies. Nonetheless, We seek to protect the integrity of our Website and welcome any feedback about these linked websites and mobile applications.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information
You have choices regarding the use of information by the Website.
Changing Your Information – To change Your information, You may email us at dpo@golf.com.  Closing Your Account – You may close Your account by contacting us at dpo@golf.com.  If the email account associated with Your email address is not active, We may close Your account without notice.
Children
Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from an individual under age 18. If You are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information through the Website. If You have reason to believe that We may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 18, please contact us immediately at dpo@golf.com.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before You provide any information. This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated above.
How to Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us by email at dpo@golf.com, or by writing us at EB Golf Media LLC, 6 E 43rd St, 12th fl, New York, NY 10017, if You have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
The Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS 603A.300 et seq.) permit a Nevada consumer to direct an operator of an Internet website or online service to refrain from making any sale of any covered information the operator has collected or will collect about that consumer. You may submit a request pursuant to this directive by emailing us at dpo@golf.com.  We will provide further information about how We verify the authenticity of the request and Your identity.
Supplement for California Residents- Last Updated October 2020
California residents have the following additional rights.  You will not need to create an account to exercise Your rights. To exercise one of these rights, please provide a verifiable consumer request by calling us at 1-800-876-7726, or emailing us at dpo@golf.com.  While We do not “sell” your personal information in the traditional and common understanding of selling or providing information in exchange for monetary compensation, California has defined ‘sell’ much more broadly to mean sharing Your information to any third party under circumstances where We may derive some benefit.  Accordingly, the following incorporate this much broader definition of the word “sell.”
Request that We delete personal information about You that We may have collected.  Request that, for personal information that We have collected in the preceding 12 months, We disclose, free of charge (unless Your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive), the categories of personal information that We have collected about You, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom We share personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information We have collected about You.  Request that, for personal information that We have sold or disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months, We disclose, free of charge (unless Your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive), the categories of personal information that We have collected about You, the categories of personal information that We have sold about You, the categories of third parties to whom each category of personal information was sold, the categories of personal information that We have disclosed about You for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom each category of personal information was disclosed. Direct us, at any time, not to sell Your personal information. We may sell Your personal information within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Under the CCPA, “sell” means sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. The law contains exceptions to this definition which may limit how We respond to your direction. To exercise this right to opt out, You may call us at 1-800-876-7726 or email us at dpo@golf.com.  You may also go to our Do Not Sell My Personal Information form at: https://golf.com/offline-privacy-option-instructions/.  We do not have actual knowledge that We sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Before We can fulfill the requests to know and delete noted above, We must verify Your identity. If You have a password-protected account with us, We can verify Your identity through our existing authentication procedures for Your account. However, We will require You to re-authenticate Yourself before We can disclose or delete any of Your information.
If You do not have a password-protected account with us, We will require You to provide us with Your name, telephone number, home address, and email address, together with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that You are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. We will match this information to the personal information We maintain.
You can also authorize another person, called an agent, to exercise Your rights on Your behalf. You must provide the authorized agent written and signed permission to act on Your behalf. We may deny requests to opt out from an authorized agent who does not submit proof that he or she has been authorized to act on Your behalf. Furthermore, We may require You to verify Your identity directly with us. We may also require You to directly confirm with us that You have provided the authorized agent permission to submit a request on Your behalf. An authorized agent can make a request on Your behalf by either calling us at 1-800-876-7726, or by emailing us at dpo@golf.com. Additionally, an authorized agent can make a request to opt out of the sale of personal information on Your behalf by accessing our Do Not Sell My Personal Information form at: https://golf.com/offline-privacy-option-instructions/.
We may not discriminate against You because You exercised any of Your rights under the CCPA, including, but not limited to, by:
(A) Denying goods or services to You.
(B) Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
(C) Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You.
(D) Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
To the extent that anything in this Supplement for California Residents conflicts with the Golf.com Privacy Policy, this Supplement for California Residents shall govern.
Categories of personal information collected in last 12 monthsPurposes for which personal information will be usedIdentifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiersProcessing or fulfilling orders and transactions; creating, maintaining, and servicing accounts; providing customer service; verifying customer information; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; processing payments; undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstrationCategories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 (California Customer Records statute, Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), such as name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial informationProcessing or fulfilling orders and transactions; creating, maintaining, and servicing accounts; processing payments; providing customer service; verifying customer information; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activityCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal lawUndertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic servicesCommercial information, including records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesProcessing or fulfilling orders and transactions; creating, maintaining, and servicing accounts; processing payments; providing customer service; verifying customer information; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstrationInternet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, information regarding Your interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisementProcessing or fulfilling orders and transactions; creating, maintaining, and servicing accounts; providing customer service; verifying customer information; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstrationGeolocation DataProcessing or fulfilling orders and transactions; creating, maintaining, and servicing accounts; providing customer service; verifying customer information; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstrationInferences drawn from Your personal information to create a profile reflecting Your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, etc.Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by Golf.com; providing advertising or marketing services; providing analytic services; undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Categories of sources from which personal information is collectedAdvertising/Marketing ProvidersAnalytics ProvidersConsumersPayment ProcessorsSocial Media PlatformsThird-Party Plug-ins
Categories of third parties with which We share personal informationAdvertising/Marketing ProvidersAffiliatesAnalytics ProvidersAudio Distribution PlatformsCustomer Relationship Management PlatformsE-Commerce PlatformsHosting ProvidersOnline Audio Distribution PlatformsPayment ProcessorsSocial Media PlatformsThird-Party Plug-insVideo Hosting and Sharing Platforms
Categories of personal information that We have ‘sold’ (as defined by CCPA)  in last 12 monthsCategories of third parties to whom the information was ‘sold’ as defined by CCPAIdentifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiersAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsCategories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 (California Customer Records statute, Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), such as name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial informationAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal lawAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsCommercial information, including records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsInternet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, information regarding Your interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisementAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsGeolocation DataAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsInferences drawn from Your personal information to create a profile reflecting Your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, etc.Advertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing Platforms
Categories of personal information that We have disclosed for business purposes in last 12 monthsCategories of third parties to whom the information was disclosed Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiersAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsCategories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 (California Customer Records statute, Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), such as name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial informationAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsCharacteristics of protected classifications under California or federal lawAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsCommercial information, including records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsInternet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, information regarding Your interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisementAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsGeolocation DataAdvertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Hosting Providers; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing PlatformsInferences drawn from Your personal information to create a profile reflecting Your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, etc.Advertising/Marketing Providers; Affiliates; Analytics Providers; Audio Distribution Platforms; Customer Relationship Management Platforms; E-Commerce Platforms; Online Audio Distribution Platforms; Payment Processors; Social Media Platforms; Third-Party Plug-ins; Video Hosting and Sharing Platforms
Information Collected From Other Websites and Mobile Applications and Do Not Track Policy
Your browser or device may offer You a “Do Not Track” option, which allows You to signal to operators of websites, web applications, mobile applications, and services (including behavioral advertising services) that You do not wish such operators to track certain of Your online activities over time and/or across different websites or applications. The Website does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that We or our analytics providers or other third parties with which We are working may collect information about Your online activity both during and after Your use of the Website. If at any time You would like to opt out of online tracking or behavioral advertising, please contact us at dpo@golf.com.
Shine the Light Notice
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at dpo@golf.com, or by writing us at the address listed at the end of the Golf.com Privacy Policy.
Data Privacy OfficerEB Golf Media LLC6 E 43rd St12th flNew York, NY 10017