https://golfescapesinc.com/terms-conditions/
Golf Escapes of the Sandhills - Golf Packages designed specifically for you!
Privacy & Use:  Golf Escapes, Inc. (GEI) is dedicated to providing our clients with the best products & services and has designed its business practices and procedures to safeguard your privacy.  You are invited to visit our web pages with complete anonymity.  GEI does receive information from your browser that includes IP address, cookie information, pages visited and length of visit – this information is used to improve the website and the services provided but your personal identity remains anonymous. However, to process online requests and payment submissions, you elect to submit personal information and other pertinent data and GEI protects your information by using secure technology for all personal data.GEI never shares nor sells client information, including email addresses or any other personal information, with anyone, that’s our policy & our personal promise!Website:  By accessing or using this site, www.golfescapesinc.com, and all accompanying pages you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Golf Escapes, Inc. and its suppliers from any liability, loss, claim and expense (including attorneys’ reasonable fees) related to your violation of this Agreement. Golf Escapes, Inc., its agents, employees, partners & vendors assume no responsibility for any consequence relating directly to any action or inaction that you may or may not take based on the material included on www.golfescapesinc.com.  GEI and its partners cannot guarantee and will not be responsible for any damage or loss related to the accuracy, completeness or other content.  As a condition of your use of our website, you warrant to Golf Escapes, Inc., that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited. By accessing www.golfescapesinc.com, you agree to indemnify, defend, & hold harmless GEI, its agents, employees, partners, & vendors from liability, loss, claim or expense, including attorney fees.Protecting Children:  Golf Escapes, Inc. does not knowingly solicit data from, or market to, children. As a member of the online industry, we recognize the important of protecting the identities and privacy of children. Golf Escapes, Inc. understands that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.Links to Other Sites: This site contains hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Golf Escapes, Inc. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. Golf Escapes, Inc. does not control such web sites, and is not responsible for their contents. You access and use such sites, including information, material, products and services therein, solely at your own risk.Fulfilment:  Golf Escapes, Inc., books lodging, course reservations and issues all confirmations in the capacity of an agent for only our clients, on the express condition that Golf Escapes, Inc., shall not be held liable for any claims, losses, personal injury, damages, expenses or loss of enjoyment of any nature of which may be occasioned by acts, omissions or negligence of the persons or companies rendering any services.  Golf Escapes, Inc does not accept responsibility for losses or additional expenses due to changes or delays in any mode of transportation, sickness, weather, or other cause.  Golf Escapes, Inc. shall not be liable for expenses caused thereby and the client hereby expressly waives any such claim for loss, damage, or injury.  Golf Escapes, Inc. cannot guarantee weather conditions nor will Golf Escapes, Inc. be responsible for any shut down of the operation of accommodations or golf courses.Packages:  Lodging & tee times are based on availability at time of booking. Package price is based on the number of players & double/quad occupancy –– if group size changes so may the lodging costs & package price.  Price is per person includes green fees, cart fees, lodging & taxes.Deposits:  At least a $50 deposit per person is expected within 14 days of booking, deposits and/or payments may be submitted by ndividual players or in entirely by the Group Leader. In lieu of security deposit, condo & house rentals require rental agreement on file.Payment:  Final payment(s) must be received 30 days prior to arrival, late fees with be imposed. We accept VISA & MasterCard payments and offer the discounted price when both deposit & balance are made by check or money order and in US Funds.*Inclement Weather:  If a dangerous weather event is forecast during your booked trip, GEI will do all possible to reschedule your trip, realizing that a change in dates may result in increased costs or refunds depending on seasonal golf course and lodging rate changes.  Rainy Day Policy:  GEI does not issue rain checks. Courses set their policies & the Group Leader is responsible for contacting the course before tee time.  If the course agrees not to charge GEI instead of giving “rain checks” to the group, the course must notify GEI and refund(s) will be issued.  Cancellations:  $25.00 per player administrative fee, remaining monies will be refunded if GEI can cancel any rounds or accommodations. Condo or house rentals: prior to 14 days of arrival date, will incur a $250 fee per property, 14th day or later, forfeits entire rental monies.Refunds:  Based on verification of monthly course & lodging billings, usually after the 10th of the month following your trip.Hotel Policies:  Hotels require identification & a valid credit card upon arrival in the event of incidental charges (long distance, movie rentals, etc.) and property damages or losses.Dress Code:  Denim and Cargo shorts are not allowed. Men: collared shirts with sleeves, Bermuda shorts or hemmed slacks and tucked-in shirt. Ladies: golf shirts may be sleeveless & collarless, Bermuda shorts, skirts, skorts or slacks.Cooler Policy:  Courses set their cooler & bevy policies – please call ahead before taking your own.Submission of deposit/payment denotes acceptance of GEI’s policies.