https://goremountain.com/the-mountain/safety-policies/
View
Snow
Report
Thursday
Dec 10
2020
Weather
44°F
Mostly Sunny
Lifts
2
of 14
View Report
Search for:
Search
Connect with us on Facebook
Connect with us on Twitter
Connect with us on Instagram
Connect with us on YouTube
Belleayre |
Whiteface |
Olympic Sites
Safety & Policies
Keep these items in mind for a fun and safe day on our slopes!
Safety is a top priority at Gore. We’ve loaded this page with great tips for you to review in advance and reference while you’re here- make it a great snow day!
Responsibility Code
Know The Zone
Helmet Safety
Lift Safety
Glade Safety
Terrain Park Safety
General Safety & Mountain Policies
Safety Awards & Recognition
Safety Videos
Responsibility Code
Always remind yourself of the Responsibility Code below-
These basic tips make for a fun and safe day out on the mountain.
1. Always stay in control, and be able to stop or avoid other people or objects.
2. People ahead of you have the right of way. It is your responsibility to avoid them.
3. You must not stop where you obstruct a trail or are not visible from above.
4. Whenever starting downhill or merging into a trail, look uphill and yield to others.
5. Always use devices to help prevent runaway equipment.
6. Observe all posted signs and warnings. Keep off closed trails and out of closed areas.
7. Prior to using any lift, you must have the knowledge and ability to load, ride, and unload safely.
Responsibility Code - NSAA
New York State Skier's Code
Know The Zone
Every skier and rider gets 15 feet.
While on the hill, avoid collisions by giving others 15 feet of space on all sides.  If kids are present, go slower and give them more room.  Know that skiers and riders can turn suddenly, so stay in control to obey the 15-foot zone.
Helmet Safety
Helmets are always a smart idea!
Please ski and ride as though you are not wearing one.
As part of our commitment to safety, we include a free helmet with every rental package. We urge skiers and riders to wear a helmet but to also remain safety-conscious, skiing or riding with care. Skiing and snowboarding in a controlled and responsible manner is the best way to ensure your safety. Helmet’s however, do make a difference in reducing or preventing injury from falls or other impacts. So cover that head!
The National Ski Areas Association (NSAA) supports the use of snow sport helmets. With the encouragement of resorts and parents as well as helmet education, snow sport helmet use has increased year after year. Visit www.lidsonkids.org for more information, safety tips, and research to help better understand the benefits of helmet use and snow sports safety.
Lift Safety
Practice Lift Safety
Riding a chairlift is one of the safest forms of transportation available, but there are risks involved when people and moving machines come together. Your personal behavior is critical for overall chairlift safety. Need assistance? Ask the lift attendant for help if needed, that is what they’re here for!
It is best that a parent or adult ride in the middle of the chair seat, with the child and/or children on either side of the adult. Smallest kids should load closest to the attendant.
You should load onto a chair seat when you are ready. It’s okay to allow an empty chair to go by if you or your child is not prepared to safely load the lift.
Before loading, remove and hold packs as straps may become entangled. Holding packs will reduce the likelihood of this happening.
Remove ski poles from your wrists and hold your poles in one hand. Parents, it may be helpful to hold your child’s ski poles, as well as your own, while loading the chairlift.
When loading, watch for the approaching chair. Then sit back as far as possible and never lean forward toward the edge of the seat, nor rest on the restraint bar.
Sit still, hang on, and absolutely no horseplay while riding the lifts!
Drop something? Let it fall. Ask ski patrol or the lift attendant for help once you have unloaded.
Glade Safety
Heading into the Glades?
Remember these tips for a safe and enjoyable adventure.
Keep your goggles on and pole straps off.
Don’t go into the glades alone.  Always bring a buddy.
New to the glades?  Ask about our specialty lessons and tree clinics.
Start with blue square glades and shorter routes.  Work your way up!
Terrain Park Safety
Using our Freestyle Areas?
Please note the quick points below and spend a moment watching the Smart Style video.
START SMALL – Work your way up. Build your skills.
MAKE A PLAN – Every feature. Every time.
ALWAYS LOOK – Before you drop.
RESPECT – The features and other users.
TAKE IT EASY – Know your limits. Land on your feet.
General Safety & Mountain Policies
Friendly Reminders
Bringing the kids? Have a plan should you get separated. If they get lost, children should go to the base of the nearest lift and let the attendant know.
Safety first. Orient yourself to our patrol station locations and program our daytime emergency number into your phone: (518) 251-3838.
Please be aware of construction, maintenance vehicles, and heavy equipment and obey all posted warnings.
Mountain Policies
Uphill travel is prohibited.
Drones are not permitted on the mountain.
No transporting a child on your person when skiing or snowboarding (no baby packs, kids on shoulders, etc)
Safety Awards & Recognition
We were recently presented with two safety awards from the National Ski Areas Association (NSAA)- Best Guest Safety Program 2018 & Best Overall Safety Program 2020!
2020 BEST OVERALL SAFETY PROGRAM
Theses safety awards highlight the creative, innovative, and tried-and-true methods that keep guests and employees safe on the mountain. At Gore we invested in new lift catch nets, children’s vests with safety handles, an interactive safety kiosk, and RFID ticketing. Guest communications are consistently infused with safety tips and reminders. Behind the scenes, employees receive expanded CPR and defensive driving training, and mandatory ski and snowboard inspections. Our new safety products vending machine dispensed over 1,000 items and worker’s compensation claims decreased significantly.
2018 BEST GUEST SAFETY PROGRAM
Theses safety awards recognize exceptional resort initiatives to educate guests and employees about skiing and snowboarding responsibly. Our award was due in part to our consistent and frequent integration of guest safety information in promotional literature, on our website, in our lodges, and during special events.
Safety Videos
Cookies are used for measurement, ads, and optimization. By continuing to use our site you agree to our privacy policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.