https://goringgolf.co.uk/privacy-policy
‹ ›
Privacy Policy & Terms of UseWhat is this Privacy Policy for?This privacy policy is for this website and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.The WebsiteThis website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.What information do we collect?We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation)(b) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newslettersHow we use this dataCollecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.Specifically, we may use data:• For our own internal records• To improve the products and services we provide• To contact you in response to a specific enquiry• To customise the website for you• To send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you• To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you• To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons.Controlling Your Personal InformationWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.Data StorageThe personal data we collect from you may be stored on secure servers, and processed by individuals based inside the European Economic Area. You agree to this storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy and our Cookie Policy.Transmitting information via the internet is never completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, the security of your personal data transmitted to us cannot be guaranteed. Any transmission is at your own risk. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any unauthorised use, distribution, damage or destruction of personal data, except to the extent we are required to accept such responsibility under data protection laws.Retention of Personal InformationYour personal data shall be kept for no longer than is neccesary for the purpose for which it is being processed.You have various rights in respect of your Personal InformationAt any point whilst Goring & Streatley Golf Club is in possession or processing your personal data, all data subjects have the following rights:Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right of erasure – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.Right to restrict of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing of personal data.Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling. In the event that Goring & Streatley Golf Club refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge. Goring & Streatley Golf Club at your request can confirm what information it holds about you and how it is processed.You can request the following information:Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation (Goring & Streatley Golf Club) that has determined how and why to process your data.Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Goring & Streatley Golf Club or a third party such as one of its clients, information about those interests.The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.How long the data will be stored.Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority (ICO).Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.Use of cookiesThis website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. As required by legislation, where applicable this website uses a cookie control system, allowing the user to give explicit permission or to deny the use of /saving of cookies on their computer / device.What is a cookie?A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website.Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.How we use cookiesWe may use cookies to:• Analyse our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions.• We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: www.google.comprivacypolicy• Store information about your preferences. The website can then present you with information you will find more relevant and interesting.• To recognise when you return to our website. We may show your relevant content, or provide functionality you used previously.Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.Controlling cookiesYou can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies.However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you.Downloads & Media FilesAny downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti- virus software or similar applications.We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third-party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.External linksThis website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest that you eview the privacy policy of every website you visit, whether or not they are linked to by our own site.Our website may contain links to other websites.Please note that we have no control of websites outside the goringgolf.co.uk domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.Adverts and Sponsored linksThis website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.Clicking on any such adverts may send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.Social Media PlatformsCommunication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.Social Media Policy & UsageWe adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.Contact and communicationUsers contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk.  Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.Email Mailing List & Marketing MessagesWe operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.Our EMS (email marketing service) provider is; Mailchimp and you can read their privacy policy in the resources section.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.