http://grahamwatson.com/pages/privacy-policy/
HOMEAboutPrint Gallery40 Years of CyclingStoreGraham's ViewImage DatabaseContact TwitterPrivacy Policy
About Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to Graham Watson. This statement discloses the information practices for Graham Watson web sites, including what type of information may be gathered and how the information is used.
We have implemented these practices for Graham Watson home page at www.grahamwatson.com. We include information on these privacy practices wherever personal information is collected on Graham Watson web site.Information CollectionWe only will collect personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, addr
ess, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website or e-mail correspondence. We will collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our Web site and better meet your needs.Use of InformationBefore we collect any personally identifiable information, we will provide an explanation for the possible use of your data. The information you supply will be used by us to supply you with requested information about our products and services and respond to your inquiries. We may also use the information to inform you about new features, products or services if you explicitly instructed us to do so.Children's DataWhile our web site is not directed towards children, we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements, such as the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).Privacy Technology Technology will increasingly help you to have more control over your personal information. It will also help organizations manage their privacy practices and policies. Graham Watson actively supports the development of privacy technologies to help achieve these goals, and to help create greater trust and confidence in the way personal information is handled.Other Important InformationThis website may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our Web pages may contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to "recognize" you when you visit our Web site in the future. Most Web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you. It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information. We are reserving the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications in these Web pages.Notification of ChangesThis privacy statement was last updated on January 3, 2011. A notice will be posted on our web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed.E-mailsYou will receive promotional e-mails from us only if you have asked to receive them. Each time you receive an e-mail from Graham Watson, you will be given the opportunity to "opt-out" or stop receiving them. If you choose to "opt-out," we will stop sending you e-mails.Questions regarding this statementQuestions regarding this statement should be directed to Graham Watson for clarification by contacting us.