https://grovefarmstud.com/grove-farm-stud-cookie-policy/
+44 (0)1440 820395
Twitter
Twitter
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient. We use some cookies for certain functions of our website and others to help us improve our website and to help us make your visit more efficient and useful. When you visit our website we ask for your consent to use cookies. Please take a few moments to find out more about how we use them and what benefits they bring.
Types of Cookies
Necessary – we set a cookie to establish whether you use areas of our website that require a login. We also set a cookie which relates to the security system we use to protect our website, this cookie records you IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device.
These are session cookies which do not contain a set expiry date and unless deleted earlier, will expire when you close your browser. Our external web host may also automatically log your IP address.  Please view our Privacy Policy for information on how this information is used.
Functional – These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make and to enable certain functions on our website
We set a persistent cookie called “viewed_cookie_policy” and is set for 365 days. It is used to remember whether the visitor has “accepted” our cookie policy. If set it contains the word “yes”.  It does not track anybody’s personal data.
Analytical – we also collect information for statistical purposes using Google Analytics, which helps us understand how you use our website and how we may improve it. We have adopted the Google option to anonymise IP addresses, which is carried out as part of the collection process before Google store them on their servers in the USA and elsewhere, including the EEA. IP anonymisation means that no individual can be identified from a stored IP address.  You can find out more about Google’s Analytics Policy here.
Although Google collects and processes information from our use of Google Analytic, the following cookies are classified as first party cookies as they are set by our website domain. This information is collected by both session and persistent website cookies. Persistent cookies are stored on a users’ device in between browser sessions which allows the preferences or actions of the user across a site (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered and expire on a set date.
_ga : First Party persistent cookie – duration 2 years – Google Analytics cookie used to distinguish users
_gid : First Party session cookie – duration 24 hours – Google Analytics cookie used to distinguish users
_gat : First Party session cookie – duration 1 minute – Google Analytics cookies used to throttle request rate
Marketing – We embed our Tweets in some of our web pages. Twitter sets these cookies. Third Party cookies are set on any domain other than the domain currently being visited and are placed by the relevant third party.  We have no control over these cookies (other than allowing them to be served).  For more information, please see the Twitter Privacy Policy.
personalisation_id : Third Party cookie – duration 2 years – Twitter cookie used for Twitter integration and sharing capabilities.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Updated 27 July 2018
More Cookie Options
The browsers of most devices you use to view the internet (computers, smartphones, etc) are typically set up to accept cookies. You can amend your cookie preferences for this website or any other websites through your browser settings by referring to their help section.
More information about how to disable cookies can be found on allaboutcookies.org
Privacy Policy
Please view our Privacy Policy for information on how use and process information.
General
Should you have any concerns or queries in relation to our website, the content our our policies outlined above, please do not hesitate to contact us.
OUR STUD TERMS
Please see our Terms for our Boarding Agreement and General Terms and Conditions.
OUR THANKS GOES TO
Julian and Anne would like to extend their thanks to Colin Turner Photography for providing the photographs of the horses and Grove Farm Stud.
NSFA
On the NSFA website you will be able to find details of all Newmarket Stud Farmers Association members with links to their Thoroughbred Studs and the resident Stallions in the Newmarket Area together with up to date information about Breeding Regulations.
Twitter
©
Grove Farm Stud – All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy & Disclaimer | Cookies Policy | website by mdsign
This website uses cookies, we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.