https://hanoverian.org/ahs-email-privacy-policy/
You are here: Home › AHS Email Privacy Policy
AHS Email Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive a mailing from us?
Our email marketing is permission based. If you received a mailing from us, our records indicate that (a) you have expressly shared your address for the purpose of receiving information, or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
If you believe you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to admin@hanoverian.org for review.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us. If you wish to do this, simply click on the unsubscribe link at the end of any email.
How we protect your privacy
We use appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone for their promotional use without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information, and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Use of Web Beacons
When we send you emails, we may include a web beacon to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails. When you click on a link in an email, we may record this individual response to allow us to customize our offerings to you. Web beacons collect only limited information, such as a cookie identifier, time and date of a page being viewed, and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides (the URL).
Web Beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive Web Beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images or refuse HTML (select Text only) emails via your email software.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was updated on July 7, 2010.
Stay informed! Join the AHS email list!
Server SSL Certificate
Website by The Design Werks Creative Group
The American Hanoverian Society • 4067 Iron Works Parkway • Lexington, KY 40511
(859) 255-4141 • Fax: (859) 255-8467 • Email: ahsoffice@hanoverian.org • Hours: 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time.
Copyright © 2001
The American Hanoverian Society. All rights reserved.
Close
Enter the site
Login
Password
Remember me
Forgot password?
Skip to toolbar