https://happyaikido.com/index.php/contact-us/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
We want you to know that we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. That’s of no interest to us.
But, to further reassure you, in this Privacy Notice we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we ever collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. Now read on.
When someone visits our website, we use services such as WordPress to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We refer to this (on the rare occasions we use it) to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
In addition, we may (if we ever get around to it) add in other clever services such as Google Analytics, If we did, we would not make, and would not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our site.
We may also retain any messages you send, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post.
If you register to receive notification of new posts to the AKA blog, or make any comments or pingbacks, the site will record your email address but we won’t use it for any other purpose than to contact you for specific reasons, such as if there’s a problem. Your email address is needed for security reasons, but will not be shown to the public or added to our planned email newsletter list unless you register for that separately.
Any User Content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to our website, eg as comment or reply becomes available to the public and cannot be removed. Once published your content, username and/or real name may not be able to be removed. If you ask us to remove it, we’ll do our best but it may not be possible to remove instances which have already been copied elsewhere.
As part of the registration process for our planned email newsletter, we will collect personal information that you give us. We’ll use that information for a few reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to send you articles and updates about what we’ve been doing; to tell you about relevant interesting things, such as martial arts principles, techniques, self-defence, meditation or Aikido events; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied and how your own development is going.
We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We’ll use a third-party provider to deliver our newsletter. We’ll gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our emails. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of my emails or by emailing us
Did we mention, we don’t share personal information with other organisations.
By law, you are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to me.
Following termination of your subscription, we may retain your private profile information for a reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, any information that you choose to make public on the service may not be removable.
We care about the security of your information, and use reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or our site or guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. We are not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
We may embed code from third parties on the Service. Examples of such parties may include Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google, YouTube, Howcast, VideoJug, AOL, and others. These third parties may collect information about you including IP address, cookies in ways we do not control.
This privacy notice does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of third-parties. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such third parties or contact such third parties for more information.
Similarly it does not cover the links within our site linking to other websites. Do read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Best wishes
AKA
AKA
Training
Costs and payment
Albert Gross Bursary
Free introductory class
Events – 2020
Gallery
Bokken and Jo Katas
Blog
Resources
Links
Contact us
Privacy notice
Charteris Sports Centre
24 Charteris Road Kilburn, NW6 7ET
Thursday Beginners 7:00-8:00pm
Advanced 8:00-9:00pm