https://help.snowpak.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038828911-Privacy-Policy
SnowPak Help Center
Terms and Policies
Terms and Policies
Privacy Policy
Sarah Crouse
January 15, 2020 05:46
Your privacy is important to us. Please read below to learn how we at SnowPak Reservations Ltd BC1245155 (“SnowPak”, "we", "us" or "our") collect, use, and secure your personal information. Our goal is to provide you with the best booking experience possible and we are committed to protecting your privacy and creating a safe and secure online environment for anyone who visits and books on our website, located at www.snowpak.com, www.snowpak.com.au or www.snowpak.co.uk (each a "Site"). Finally, it describes your choices regarding the use, access and correction of your personal information. By using the Site you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data as described herein.
Information SnowPak Collects From You
We collect information from you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you ("Personal Data"), to provide you with better services. In some cases, the information we request may be Personal Data in order to fulfil an order and enable you use certain services on this Site. For example:
When you place an order for lodging, tickets, rentals, lessons or other products, we request certain Personal Data from you on our order form. You must provide contact information such as first and last name, email address, phone number and billing address, and financial information such as credit card number, expiration date and security code, and personal information such as date of birth and age. We use this information for billing purposes and to complete the transaction. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
If you create an account, you must provide your first and last name, email address and a password. In some cases you might also provide a mailing address, phone number, and a photo. We retain information on your behalf, such as itineraries or other files that you store using your account.
In addition to information we collect to complete a purchase, when you use our Site we automatically collect information which helps us improve our Site. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. We gather this information to analyse trends and performances over time to make our Site and services more useful to you. SnowPak uses third-party service providers to help us gather and analyse information about our customers. These service providers are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available on our Site. For example:
We collect the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID"). We collect your location based information for the purpose of locating a ski resort that you may be searching for in your area.
For all SnowPak visitors — not just registered users — our servers collect information about your Site visit, such as IP address, browser type, domain names, operating system, access times, duration of visit, referring URL, platform, new/repeat information, timestamp and exit page information. We associate this information with Personal Data about you if you have registered on the Site.
Cookies
We, along with our marketing service providers use automatic data collection tools, which may include web beacons, cookies, embedded web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools to analyse trends, administer the site, track users' movements around the site and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. For specific instructions on how to control the use of cookies, select the browser you use to access this site and follow the instructions to update or restrict the use of cookies at the browser level. Additionally, if you would prefer to prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on by clicking here.
We may also collect Personal Data at other points in our Site that state that Personal Data is being collected.
If you add guests to your account we will collect information from you about additional guests such as their first and last name in order to facilitate the booking. When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided. Added guests or users whose personal information was provided may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database.
How We Use the Information You give Us
The data we gather is used to process your purchase, respond to your requests, contact you if problems arise and send you promotional messages. We use this information to:
Enable you to use our website
Identify you as a user in our system
Provide improved administration of our Site and services
Send you administrative email notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories
Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, and other harmful activity
Conduct risk assessments
Personalize or customise your experience in a number of ways, for example, by displaying search results near you or showing ads based on your search and booking history
Provide customer service
Send you promotional messages, marketing, or other information that may be of interest to you
Target content on our Site to more closely match your interests.
SnowPak collects, processes, stores, discloses and disposes of Personal Data that you submit to us in accordance with applicable United States law, which may be less stringent than the laws of your country. Please note that the Personal Data you submit to our Site may be transferred internationally to be processed by SnowPak for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement. If you are not a resident of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect, use and store your Personal Data, as discussed in this Privacy Statement, outside of your resident jurisdiction.
How Your Information is Protected
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our website, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). When credit card details are collected, we simply pass them on in order to be processed as required. We never permanently store complete credit card details. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Your Account information will be protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorised access to your Account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account.
We seek to protect Account information to ensure that it is kept private; however, we cannot guarantee the security of any Account information. Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
We otherwise store all of our information, including your IP address information, using industry-standard techniques. We do not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorised access to information about you that we store, Personal Information or otherwise.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us.
With Whom Your Information May Be Shared
Service Providers
When you make a purchase with SnowPak, the Personal Data you provide will be shared with the third parties necessary to complete your purchase transaction, all of which are required not to use your information other than to provide the services requested by SnowPak. For example: we provide your name, address, email address and phone number to the resort for which you purchased your lift tickets.
To charge you for your transaction, we share your name, billing address, and credit card number with the credit card authorisation company.
SnowPak may also share your Personal Data with third party service providers to conduct quality assurance testing, to facilitate the creation of accounts, to provide technical support (including through live chat software) and to provide other services to SnowPak.
Sharing Non-Personal Data
From time to time, we may share general statistical information about our Site and visitors — such as number of visitors, aggregate and non-personally identifiable demographic data, number and type of goods and services booked, etc. — with our third-party advertisers and partners. However, we do not reveal your name, address or other Personal Data for anything other than the use it was originally intended without giving you the opportunity to opt-out of the disclosure.
Sharing Personal Data by Law
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data, In certain situations, SnowPak may disclose information about you to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process or in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of SnowPak or others. This includes, but is not limited to, customer fraud, technical malfunctions or abuse of our network or systems. We also may provide customer information to third parties, such as credit card companies, for the purpose of resolving disputes that arise in the normal course of business. Except as otherwise stated above, SnowPak will not disclose your Personal Data to any third party without your consent.
This Site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by SnowPak. Please be aware that when you click on a link to any other website or location, such as a payment processing site, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data from you. SnowPak does not control or review these outside sites or content and is not responsible for the privacy practises of such sites. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by this Site.
User Content
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, such as written comments. All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your account. We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates and Acquisitions
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with: (a) our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control ("Affiliates"), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honour this Privacy Statement, and and (b) potential purchasers or investors in the company subject to confidentiality obligations by such entities. In the event that SnowPak or substantially all of SnowPak's assets are acquired, customer information may be transferred to SnowPak's successor company. In the event such a transfer occurs, your Personal Data will be subject to the same protection as it was prior to the transfer.
What Choices Are Available?
You can use many of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You can delete your Account. Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the Account, and activity generated prior to deletion will remain stored by us and may be publicly accessible.
If your Personal Data changes, you may update it by making the change on the My Account section of the Site.
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our web site includes social media features, such as the Facebook button and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Children
Children are not eligible to make purchases on our Site and we ask that anyone under the age of 13 not submit any Personal Data to us. SnowPak does not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Statement is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an email to the last email address you provided to us. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an email notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your account to provide us with your most current email address. In the event that the last email address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Statement may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of our Site or service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Opt Out Opportunity
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Data used for certain purposes. If you no longer wish to receive free newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included at the bottom of each communication. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to your account or your use of the Site.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy or security on our Site, feel free to contact us Our Ski Travel Experts are available to answer your questions or address your concerns.
Articles in this section
Price Guarantee
Terms and Conditions of Booking Travel Products
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Commonly Asked Questions
2020/21 Winter Experience
What you need to know
This season, your safety is more important than ever.
All of SnowPak's part...
Why can't I find Lift Tickets, Equipment Rentals and/or Transfers availability?
If you are unable to add Non-Lodging (Lift Tickets, Equipment Rentals and/or Transfers) products ...
Do you include airfares in your Package? Can I purchase flights with you?
We do not currently offer airfares as part of our Ski Packages. If you would like to purchase fli...
I'm having issues checking out/paying with my credit card
There are a number of reasons why you can't check out:
Incorrect credit card number, expiry dat...
Can I pay off my package in installments? Do you offer payment plans?
Unfortunately, we do not offer payment plans.
Your Ski Package may have a payment schedule where ...
I've been charged incorrectly or before payment was due
Occasionally, the hotel will fail to update their Payment Policy with us, resulting in the discre...