https://hetra.org/about/informational-resources/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
About
Meet the Team
Staff
Horses
Board of Directors
Tack Shack
Resources (Videos, Newsletters, Annual Reports etc)
The Mane Message
COVID-19 Resources
Programs
HETRA University
Coloring Pages
Educational Videos
Worksheets
Story Time with the Minis
Register for Upcoming & On-Demand Webinars
Services Offered
Adaptive Riding
Therapy Services
Adaptive Carriage Driving
Veteran/Service Member Programs
Life Skills
Equine Assisted Learning
Equine Facilitated Psychotherapy
Public Riding
Getting Started
Frequent Questions
Participant Resources
PATH, Intl. Workshop & Certification
Volunteer
Individual Opportunities
Group Opportunities
Internships
Frequent Questions
Volunteer Resources & Links
Donate
Horse of the Year Campaign
Make a Donation
Drive To Ride
HETRA Volunteer Olympics
Drive To Ride Family Registration
We Walk So They Can Ride
Program & Facility Expansion Campaign
Horse Donation
Karat Club - Horse Sponsorship
Karat Club Members
Planned Giving
Wish List
Events
Calendar
Blue Jeans & Dreams
2020 Course Schedule
Contact Us
Heartland Equine Therapeutic Riding Academy
Privacy Policy
Policy on Collection and Use of Personal Information
Heartland Equine Therapeutic Riding Academy (HETRA) values and respects an individual’s right to keep certain Personal Information private. Likewise, HETRA values the need to collect and use Personal Information which will enable HETRA to effectively deliver products and services. “Personal Information” is information that identifies a specific individual with a minimal degree of effort. “Demographic Information” includes name, address, city and other similar information. “Medical Information” includes diseases, treatments, lifestyle behaviors, family history, and other similar information. “Transactional Information” is data collected on an individual based on the individuals’ interactions with HETRA. “Aggregate Information” is information in summary form which does not contain data that would permit the identification of a specific individual.
A.  HETRA Collection of Personal Information
HETRA will collect Personal Information on an individual only if the individual provides the information to HETRA.
B.  HETRA Use of Personal Information
When an individual provides Personal Information to HETRA, HETRA may use the Personal Information for its programs, research and fund raising.
Unless an individual gives permission, HETRA will not allow any third party to use Personal Information collected by HETRA.
HETRA does not allow third parties to use Aggregate Information.
HETRA uses Transactional Information for research purposes for the development or implementation of its programs, products and services. The presumption is that since Transactional Information is highly proprietary, it will not be disclosed to third parties.
HETRA will disclose all information as required by law.
HETRA will suppress the use of an individual’s Personal Information if requested by that individual.
C. Specific Requirements
Administrative Requirements
(a) All Personal Information collected on individuals will be kept confidential and in a secure environment unless otherwise authorized by the individual.
(b) Access to Personal Information will be restricted to only those personnel with a legitimate business purpose.
Third-Party Disclosure Requirements
Permission by the individual is required before HETRA discloses Personal Information to a third party. No permission is necessary for Aggregate Information, since Aggregate Information does not identify a specific individual.
*For disclosure of Medical Information, see HETRA’s Release of Health Information policy.
E.  List Sharing
HETRA does not sell, rent, trade or share its donor list with any other organization without consent, nor does it send out mailings on behalf of other organizations.
E.  Policy Changes
HETRA’s policy regarding privacy may change from time to time so please check back periodically. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about HETRA’s privacy commitment, please feel free to contact us at HETRA@HETRA.org.
Updated 12/2017
Our Partners
American Hippotherapy Association
Equus Foundation