https://hjrfc.com/about-hjrfc/privacy-notice/
Hillhead Jordanhill RFC is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice sets out the purposes for which we will collect, hold and use your personal information and how this might be shared with third-parties. It also explains your rights in respect of your personal information
Summary of how we and the SRU use your data
Hillhead Jordanhill Rugby Football Club uses your personal data to manage and administer your registration with the SRU and your involvement with its teams and club, and to keep in contact with you for these purposes.
Some data is shared with the SRU, who use your data to regulate, develop and manage the game. Please check the SRU Privacy Notice.
Where we rely on your consent, such as any consent we seek for email newsletter and marketing, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
Amongst the data we collect from you may be medical (including injury) information. We will hold this where you (or your parent) have given consent, so that we can ensure we are aware of your condition and can that you are supported appropriately.
Where you work in a particular role within the game, you may be required to undergo a Disclosure using the PVG system. The result of this check will be input into your record.
1. What personal information we collect
We may collect, hold and use the following personal information from or about you:
Players Over 16
Your name, address, date of birth, telephone number, email and gender;
Your nationality;
Your bank account and payment details;
Details related to your rugby union performance or participation;
Details related to your health and injury history;
The information you provide when reporting a serious injury or submitting an insurance claim. This may include health and medical information;
Your image (if filmed or recorded during your participation in matches/trainings); and
Any other personal information you provide to us when contacting or corresponding with us, when requesting products and services from us, when entering into any contract with us, when signing up to, attending or participating in our events, competitions or matches, or when entering our promotions.
Players Under 16
Your name, date of birth, and gender;
Parent(s) or Guardian(s) address, telephone number and email;
The information you provide when reporting a serious injury or submitting an insurance claim. This may include health and medical information;
Former Players
Your name, address, date of birth, telephone number, email and gender;
Details related to your rugby union performance or participation;
Volunteers
Your name, address, telephone number, email;
Details related to your rugby education, qualifications or training (including PVG scheme membership details);
Services Providers & Suppliers Contacts
Your name, address, telephone number, email and gender;
Details related to your rugby education, qualifications or training (including PVG scheme membership details);
Your bank account and payment details;
Sponsors, Donors & Contacts
Your name, address, telephone number and email
If you are providing personal information on behalf of any other person, you must ensure that you have that person’s permission to do so and for their personal information to be processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Please also note that filming and photography takes places at certain of our matches, trainings and events. By attending any match, training or event, you agree to your image being filmed, photographed or recorded at that match, training or event and grant your permission, free of charge, to use such images in pictures and/or films (including publication on the internet and in social media).
2. Why we collect your personal information
We may collect, hold and use personal information from or about you for the following purposes:
to manage, develop, promote and administer matches, competitions, events and the sport of rugby union and your participation in the same (and to keep in contact with you for such purposes);
to monitor, assess, record and report on your performance or participation in rugby union (and to keep in contact with you for such purposes);
to monitor, assess, record and report on your welfare, safety and injuries (and to keep in contact with you for such purposes);
to review, monitor, record, verify and enforce rugby union or other event/competition based participation requirements such as registration, movements and transfers, qualifications, discipline, anti-doping and eligibility (and to keep in contact with you for such purposes);
to provide you with SRU registration services (including SRU insurance and medical benefits) and to keep in contact with you for such purposes;
to compile and provide reports and statistics related to the sport of rugby union, matches, competitions and events and/or your participation in it (and to invite you to participate in surveys related to the same);
to administer and complete any request that you make of us, for example to provide any product or service that you have requested from us (and to keep in contact with you for such purposes);
for the purposes of the performance of any contract that you have entered into or are taking steps to enter into with us (and to keep in contact with you for such purposes);
to manage, understand and respect your preferences;
to keep you informed via mail, email, SMS or telephone about other offers, events, products and services offered by us, or our sponsors or partners, that may be of interest to you and to personalise and/or tailor any such communications (only if you have agreed to be contacted in this way and subject to your ability to withdraw that agreement at any time);
to obtain feedback and keep you informed;
to comply with applicable laws or regulations, court orders, law enforcement and fraud prevention requirements (including PVG requirements).
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for other purposes from time to time. If we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice containing information on how we will use your personal information for such additional purposes.
3. Who we share your personal information with and why
Your name may appear publicly on our websites and social media in the context of team sheets and other match, participation, competition or event related reporting or statistics.
Also, your name, email and telephone number may appear publicly in our Rugby Record publication and on our websites and systems if you are a relevant contact or office bearer for your club, school, body or society. However, we endeavour to supply fowarding email for that purpose, which protect your email from direct exposure.
Otherwise, unless you specifically agree or ask us to share your personal information with a third-party, your personal information may only be shared as follows:
with the Hillhead Sports Club that you are a member of or participate with (or are taking steps to join/participate with) if this is required in the context of your participation in rugby union or in any of our matches, competitions or events;
with the SRU, particularly through its SCRUMS management system if this is required in the context of your participation in rugby union or in any of our matches, competitions or events;
with Glasgow Life, Sportscotland, relevant local authorities and relevant anti-doping and other agencies for reporting, monitoring and enforcement purposes and to provide meaningful statistics to such bodies and agencies;
with our Physiotherapy providers where necessary for the purposes of providing treatment or advices;
with any third-party whose services we require to use for the administration, management of the club’s activities, such as Teamer or TeamApp;
with relevant statutory or regulatory bodies to comply with statutory, legal, reporting or regulatory requirements and obligations, these include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland and Police Scotland; or
with any other third party where necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations, court orders, law enforcement, fraud prevention, to enforce the terms under which you contracted with us, or to protect our rights, property, your safety and security, or the attendees at our matches, competitions and events.
If we share your personal information with third-parties, they will be “processors” and subject to written conditions to only process your personal information in accordance with our instructions and to protect it. We will only share your personal information with third-parties if we are necessarily required to do so for specific purposes and will take reasonable steps to ensure that recipients only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
4. Children aged 16 or under
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children aged 16 or under. We request that children aged 16 or under do not provide any personal information directly to us and that any such information is only provided by the relevant child’s parent or guardian, or with the permission of the relevant child’s parent or guardian.
5. How your personal information is protected and where it is kept
Your personal information will be held within a password protected cloud server with access restricted to specific club management volunteers and service providers, such as our coaches and physios.
We regularly review access rights to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information.
6.How long your personal information is kept
Your personal information will be held for no longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was obtained. We will carry out periodic reviews of the personal information that we hold about you to ensure that this is the case.
Your information may be held for longer than that 5-year period for historical, statistical and record keeping purposes in respect of disciplinary matters, insurance purposes, competition results and scores.
Records of your involvement in a match, competition or event, on team sheets, on results pages or in match reports may be held indefinitely to maintain a record of the game.
We will also retain your personal information to maintain historical, statistical and statutory records in accordance with applicable laws, regulations or guidance.
7. Your rights
You have the right to request that any inaccurate or incomplete personal information that we hold about you is modified or corrected at any time.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we hold about you at any time (although this may adversely affect your ability to participate in our matches, events and competitions or to obtain products and services from us).
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we restrict or stop the processing of your personal information for specific purposes at any time (although this may adversely affect your ability to participate in our matches, events and competitions or to obtain products and services from us);
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we provide your personal information to you in a particular format for your own re-use.
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you by making a “subject access request” of us at any time.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the details set out below. Any requests will be considered under applicable data protection legislation. If you remain dissatisfied, you have the right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk.
8. Amendments to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice at any time. Changes will be published on our website and the date of the most recent revision will appear at the bottom of this page. If changes are significant, these will also be notified to you.
Data Protection Officer, Hillhead Jordanhill RFC, 32 Hughenden Road, Glasgow, G12 9XP
email: data-protection@hjrfc.com
Share this:Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Our Partners
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.