http://hockeytraderumors.com/privacy-policy/
Hockey Trade Rumors
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Login Page
Register Here
Users
Unrestricted Free Agents
2014 – NHL UFA Center
#29722 (no title)
Privacy Policy
HTR Privacy Policy bio, assets, flaws, career potential, transactions, stats and full set of playoff stats. Hockey Trade Rumors also brings you HTR Privacy Policy draft history, age and number of seasons played.
Site Meter
Hockey Trade Rumors has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Hockey Trade Rumors
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit http://www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml
Hockey Trade Rumors also makes note that  online behavioral advertising (“OBA”) and/or multi-site advertising is occurring;
The data that is collected for OBA and/or multi-site advertising purposes on Hockey Trade Rumors and any third parties includes, browser type, where the visitor arrived from, the exit page of the visit, time on the site, pages visited during the visit, user IP address, user country, user network, user province, town, e-mail address and information that is submitted during the registration process that is not limited to but may include information such as name, gender, username.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Also your IP is used in the following way.
HTR tracks each members IP address. The IP address is used to ban members who do not comply with HTR’s Rules and regulations. It should also be noted that IP addresses are used to track members (users) who may be doing illegal or inappropriate activities. Any activities that are deemed to be either illegal or inappropriate will have their IP address turned over to local authorities or anyone else who may be connected to the activity for their own personal protection or any other reason that HTR feels may be appropriate. Members may be banned by their IP address or directly by their username. In any case banning is up to the sole discretion of the administrators of HTR and arguing the ban will most likely be ignored. Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. This use of cookies is used for our message board service. Also cookies may be used by one of our counters to help provide information such as how Hockey Trade Rumors was located on the internet. Site tracking is done by internal systems and google webmaster tools.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. We use maillist for visitors to subscribe to or unsubscribe from our mailing list. The e-mail list that is collected by hockeytraderumors.com is used solely by hockeytraderumors.com and is not distributed to 3rd parties.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Hockey Trade Rumors is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Micah Williams
P.O. Box 1731 Port McNeill
British Columbia Canada
Owner – Hockey Trade Rumors
owner@hockeytraderumors.com
Copyright © by Hockey Trade Rumors – NHL Trade Rumors and News
All Right Reserved.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Blogroll
Fantasy Hockey Coach
Fantasy Sports Forum
Mofo Sports
Offside Sports
Party Poker
Spectors Rumors
Sports Central
sportsbetting.net.in
The Feeder
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Login Page
Register Here
Users
Unrestricted Free Agents
2014 – NHL UFA Center
#29722 (no title)
IDN Poker
Agen Sbobet
Categories
Anaheim Ducks
Arizona Coyotes
Atlanta Thrashers
Boston Bruins
Brian Burke
Buffalo Sabres
Calgary Flames
Canada
CanadianTeamNews
Carolina Hurricanes
Chicago Black Hawks
Colombus Blue Jackets
Colorado Avalanche
Cory Perry
Dallas Stars
Defenseman
Detroit Red Wings
Edmonton Oilers
Florida Panthers
Forwards
Free Agents
Fun
GM Coach
Goalies
Golden Knights
Hockey News
HTR Feature Article
HTR Fun
HTR Pool
HTRTopStory
Jarome Iginla
KHL
L.A. Kings
Latvia
Lindy Ruff
Minnesota Wild
Misc Articles
Money
Montreal Canadiens
Nashville Predators
New Jersey Devils
New York Islanders
New York Rangers
NHL
NHL Draft
NHL Players
Olympics
Opinion/Speculation
Ottawa Senators
Phil Kessel
Philadelphia Flyers
Pittsburgh Penguins
PK Subban
Roberto Luongo
Ryan Getzlaf
Ryan O’Reilly
San Jose Sharks
Season Preview
St. Louis Blues
Stephen Weiss
Tampa Bay Lightning
Team Canada
Toronto Maple Leafs
Trade
Trade Deadline
Trade Rumors
Tribute
Uncategorized
Unsigned Free Agents
Vancouver Canucks
Waivers
Washington Capitals
Winnipeg Jets
Blogroll
Fantasy Hockey Coach
Fantasy Sports Forum
Mofo Sports
Offside Sports
Party Poker
Spectors Rumors
Sports Central
sportsbetting.net.in
The Feeder
© 2020
NHL Hockey Trade Rumors
Powered by WordPress