https://holimont.com/terms-of-use/
HoliMont, Inc.
Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy
1.     Scope and Application
Using this site tells us that you have read and agreed to our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy detailed below. If you do not agree with these terms, please exit this site. HoliMont, Inc. (“HoliMont”) reserves the right to terminate Membership and deny access to the site to any person who violates these Terms of and Conditions of Use.
We take your right to privacy seriously and want you to feel comfortable using our web site, www.holimont.com. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information about HoliMont’s customers and other individuals that is collected, used or disclosed by HoliMont.
2.     Membership, Registration, Termination and Passwords
To use certain features of any Service provided by HoliMont, you must register on the form(s) provided. If you become a Member of the HoliMont website, you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and Password, and agree not to sell, transfer or assign your Membership or any Membership rights.
When registering, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form and to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. We reserve the right to terminate your Membership at any time for any reason and without notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the part of the Service affected by such cancellation or termination. The restrictions imposed on you with respect to material downloaded from any Service, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Terms of Service, shall survive.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so others outside your household may not access HoliMont’s website using your name in whole or in part without your permission. If you believe someone has accessed your member name and/or password without your authorization, e-mail us immediately. HoliMont cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information.
3.     E-Commerce and Transactions On Our Site
HoliMont may allow you to engage in a transaction involving the purchase of a product or service such as a Weekday Experience Pass or other tangible goods and services. To serve you most efficiently, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are often handled by a third party. These third parties may have separate privacy and data collection practices, so please be sure to read these as well. If you’re concerned about online credit card safety, in most cases a telephone number will be provided so that you can call to place your order by phone. HoliMont cannot take responsibility for the success or security of transactions undertaken or processed by third parties. HoliMont is not responsible for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or any other aspect of these third party products and services. You agree to release HoliMont from any damages that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against it, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available by third parties through HoliMont.
4.     License to HoliMont
By posting a message, uploading a file, providing information to, communicating with, or otherwise placing or allowing us to place any material on our website, you are granting HoliMont a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works from such information, in any form, media, software or technology or any kind now existing or developed in the future. Without limiting the generality of the previous terms, you authorize HoliMont to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of the material you provide. All rights in this provision are granted without the requirement for additional compensation of any sort to you and without further permission required.
5.     Collection of Data
Our registration process requires only a valid e-mail address, your name and zip code. Providing us with other information is at your option. Please take note that your name, e-mail address, or other submissions that you make to us online may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on one of our sites. Like many web sites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on our site (if at all) is set forth below.
6.     Use of Data
We may use Data to customize and improve your user experience on our sites. We do not sell, rent or lease our customer lists to third parties.
We will make efforts so that your Data will not be provided to third parties unless:
We obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out to the sharing of Data.
A service provided on a HoliMont site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party, by way of example an Application Service Provider.
Disclosure is made pursuant to legal process or law enforcement.
We find that your use of a site violates our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy, other usage guidelines or as deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal interests, rights and/or property.
In the event you choose to use links that appear on one of our sites to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites.
7.     Cookies
Parts of our site use a browser feature called “cookies”. A “cookie” is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive (or equivalent storage device) of your computer (or similar computing device) when you visit a web site. A “session cookie” expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A “persistent cookie” stores information on the hard drive; so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date, the cookie information is still available. A cookie will not corrupt your hard drive or transmit viruses to your computer.
We use cookies to recognize visitors when they return to our site. Once we know it’s you, we can customize your online visit. For instance, when you are ready to purchase an item, a cookie allows our site to “remember” that you have added the item to your shopping cart. We can also show you new products or services based on your preferences, and alert you to new web site features. We may also evaluate our content and services and tailor our web site for visitors based on other information we collect such as IP addresses, pixel tags, and the type of Internet browser or operating system you are using. This information is collected in the aggregate, but we may tie it to your personal information through use of cookies.
We contract with numerous service providers to provide us with data collection and reports regarding customer activities on our web site. These service providers may use cookies on our behalf and may receive information about your browsing and buying activity. They may store visitor ID, city, state, zip code, and/or email address on our behalf. Under no circumstances may our service providers use your information other than in connection with providing services to us, so that our web site can become more useful and efficient. If you would like to opt-out of these particular services, please contact our webmaster.
We use any personal information that you provide to us so that we can process any orders that you place and follow up with you concerning the products that you purchase. We also use your personal information so that we may gather data and statistics concerning visitors to our web site and analyze such data to look for preferences and trends. Also, if you permit us to do so, we use your personal information so that we may inform you of new products, services and offers from us and from our partners.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web sites. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of material clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or similar technology to collect this information.
8.     Children
We do not knowingly accept registrations or solicit Data from children who are ages 13 or younger. If we discover that we have unknowingly received personal Data from a child, we will delete the information from our database. For more information, please contact our webmaster.
9.     Editing or Deleting Your Account Information
We provide you with the ability to edit the information in your user account that you provided to us during registration. You may request deletion of your information at any time. Content or other data that you may have provided to us and that is not contained within your registration, such as posts that may appear within our forums, may continue to remain on our site at our discretion even though you requested them to be deleted.
10.  Changes to the Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of substantial changes to this Policy either by posting an announcement on our sites and/or by sending a message to the e-mail address you have provided to us that is contained within your user settings.
11.  Disclaimer
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of Data and we will make efforts to meet them, we cannot guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we do not make any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data. The Holimont Privacy Policy is provided on behalf of the previously listed web site, which is currently available, but changes, including additions, deletions and revisions of the web site we offer, may occur at any time.
12.  Entire Agreement, Choice of Law, Forum Selection and Severability
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Holimont and you relating to your use of the Holimont website. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase Holimont products through a third party service. In the event of any conflict between any such third party Terms of Service and these Terms of Service, these Terms of Service shall govern. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice of law or conflicts of law principles. Any lawsuit relating to or arising out of your use of Holimont’s website or these Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy may only be brought in the New York State Supreme Court, County of Cattaraugus or the United States District Court for the Western District of New York. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
13.  Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy or any of our web sites, please feel free to contact us at: (716) 699-2320 or email us at info@holimont.com.
FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow
EXPLORE
JOIN THE CLUB
SLOPESIDE MOUNTAIN SHOP
HIKING & BIKING
EMPLOYMENT
ELLICOTTVILLE
CHILD CARE
ACCESSIBILITY
716-257-4280
WILLIAMS MEDIA
SKI & RIDE
TICKETS & PASSES
SLOPE REPORT
LIFT HOURS
TRAIL MAPS
SNOWCAM
GEAR RENTALS
MOUNTAIN FACTS
SNOWSPORTS
ADULT LESSONS
CHILDREN’S LESSONS
FLITE TEAM
ADAPTIVE PROGRAM
PRIVATE LESSONS
RACING
MEMBERS
MEMBER LOG-IN
MEMBER PAGE
FORGOT PASSWORD
GUEST RESERVATIONS
EVENTS & SOCIALS
REFUSE & RECYCLING
Copyright 2020 HoliMont. All Rights Reserved.
X
Username
Password
Forgot Password?
Join Us
Password Reset
Please enter your e-mail address. You will receive a new password via e-mail.
Email: