https://hwr.org.uk/footer/privacy-policy/
HWR
Privacy statementHenley on Thames9°
Humidity: 93%					Clouds: 86%					Wind(S): 12kph overcast cloudsFriday
9°
7°Saturday
7°
4°Sunday
8°
12°Monday
11°
8°Tuesday
10°
7° ×Further
DetailPrivacy StatementThis privacy statement sets out how Henley Women’s Regatta (HWR) Ltd uses and protects any information that you give HWR or when you use the HWR website.HWR is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement for the purposes of effective running of Henley Women’s Regatta.Henley Women’s Regatta (HWR) Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes.What we collect:We may collect the following information:Name and contact information including email address.Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.Other information relevant to customer surveys.Video images of races which may include panning shots of persons in regatta enclosure, on towpath & in public areas.What we do with the information we gather:We require this information to process our sporting event and to better understand your needs and to provide you with a better service, and specifically for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.Organise officials and volunteers duties and rotas.To periodically send promotional emails about news relating to the Regatta and associated operation that we think you may find interesting or of benefit including any last minute announcements about racing especially if unfavourable weather/river conditions are effecting racing.We may also use your information to contact you for our market research purposes on how to improve HWR and we may contact you by email, phone, fax or social media.We will never disclose your personal information to third parties nor sell your data to any other organisation without first seeking your personal and informed consent before doing so.Video Images will be broadcast live on the internet & uploaded for later viewing on the HWR You Tube channel & other social media. Prior notice of the filming & broadcast is publicly advertised. No individual is personally identified though athletes may be named in the commentary for which prior consent will have been obtained as part of the regatta entry process.Security:We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable, physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.How we use cookies:A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, (by clicking on the message in our website) the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. A web application can tailor its operation to your needs by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps our website administrators analyse data about webpage traffic and to improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.Links to other websites:Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. This may include the car park online booking site. However once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that third party website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on such a website look for a box requiring you to indicate that you consent for the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes. If this is not ticked by you, it will not be shared for that direct marketing activity. Controlling your personal information:You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the effective running of the regatta, you may change your mind at any time by giving us notification in writing or by emailing HWR.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties without your prior permission.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable if you require a copy of the information we hold on you. Such requests can be made to the Chairman of HWRIf you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email HWR as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Privacy Statement Final