https://hydeunited.co.uk/about/child-safeguarding-policy/
Child Safeguarding Policy – Hyde United
Skip to content
Hyde United
Home of the Tigers
Menu
Close Menu
News
First Team
Fixtures & Results
League Table
Fixture Calendar
Player Gallery
Goal Scorers
Player Stats
Previous Player Stats
Player
Sponsorship
Commentary
Archives
Officials
Media
Match Photos
Game Videos
Goal Videos
Programmes
Forum
About
Honours
Leagues
Managers
History
The Company Details
Child Safeguarding Policy
Club Equality Policy
Code Of Conduct
COVID Risk Assessment
Juniors
Venue Hire
Social Club
Peter O’Brien Lounge
Club Shop
Ladies
Tameside United Ladies
The Team
Fixtures
League Table
Tameside United Girls
Child Safeguarding Policy
Hyde United Football Club acknowledges its responsibility to safeguard the welfare of every child and young person who has been entrusted to its care and is committed to working to provide a safe environment for all members. A child or young person is anyone under the age of 18 engaged in any club football activity. We subscribe to The Football Association’s (The FA) Safeguarding Children – Policy and Procedures and endorse and adopt the Policy Statement contained in that document.
The key principles of The FA Safeguarding Children Policy are that:
the child’s welfare is, and must always be, the paramount consideration
all children and young people have a right to be protected from abuse regardless of their age, gender, disability, race, sexual orientation, faith or belief
all suspicions and allegations of abuse will be taken seriously and responded to swiftly and appropriately
working in partnership with other organisations, children and young people and their parents/carers is essential.
We acknowledge that every child or young person who plays or participates in football should be able to take part in an enjoyable and safe environment and be protected from poor practice and abuse. Hyde United Football Club recognises that this is the responsibility of every adult involved in our club.
Hyde United Football Club has a role to play in safeguarding the welfare of all children and young people by protecting them from physical, sexual or emotional harm and from neglect or bullying. It is noted and accepted that The Football Association’s Safeguarding Children Regulations (see The FA Handbook) applies to everyone in football whether in a paid or voluntary capacity. This means whether you are a volunteer, match official, helper on club tours, football coach, club official or medical staff.
We endorse and adopt The FA’s Responsible Recruitment guidelines for recruiting volunteers and we will:
specify what the role is and what tasks it involves
request identification documents
as a minimum meet and chat with the applicant(s) and where possible interview people before appointing them
ask for and follow up with 2 references before appointing someone
where eligible require an FA accepted Enhanced Criminal Record Check (CRC) with Barring List Check in line with current FA policy and regulations.
All current Hyde United Football Club members working in eligible roles, with children and young people – such as managers and coaches are required to hold an in-date FA accepted Enhanced CRC with Barring List check as part of responsible recruitment practice1.
If there are concerns regarding the appropriateness of an individual who is already involved or who has approached us to become part of Hyde United Football Club guidance will be sought from The Football Association. It is noted and accepted that The FA will consider the relevance and significance of the information obtained via the CRC Process and that all suitability decisions will be made in accordance with legislation and in the best interests of children and young people.
It is accepted that The FA aims to prevent people with a history of relevant and significant offending from having contact with children or young people and the opportunity to influence policies or practice with children or young people. This is to prevent direct sexual or physical harm to children and to minimise the risk of ‘grooming’ within football.
Hyde United Football Club supports The FA’s Whistle Blowing Policy. Any adult or young person with concerns about a adult in a position of trust with football can ‘whistle blow’ by contacting The FA Safeguarding Team on 0800 169 1863, by writing to The FA Case Manager at The Football Association, Wembley Stadium, PO Box 1966, London SW1P 9EQ, by emailing Safeguarding@TheFA.com or alternatively by going direct to the Police, Children’s Social Care or the NSPCC. Hyde United Football Club encourages everyone to know about The FA’s Whistle Blowing Policy and to utilise it if necessary.
Hyde United Football Club has appointed a Club Welfare Officer in line with The FA’s role profile and required completion of the Safeguarding Children and Welfare Officers Workshop. The post holder will be involved with Welfare Officer training provided by The FA and/or County FA. The Club Welfare Officer is the first point of contact for all club members regarding concerns about the welfare of any child or young person. The Club Welfare Officer will liaise directly with the County FA (CFA) Welfare Officer and will be familiar with the procedures for referring any concerns. They will also play a proactive role in increasing awareness of Respect, poor practice and abuse amongst club members.
We acknowledge and endorse The FA’s identification of bullying as a category of abuse. Bullying of any kind is not acceptable at our club. If bullying does occur, all players or parents/carers should be able to tell and know that incidents will be dealt with promptly. Incidents need to be reported to the Club Welfare Officer in cases of serious bullying the CFA Welfare Officer may be contacted.
Respect codes of conduct for Players, Parents/ Spectators, Officials and Coaches have been implemented by Hyde United Football Club. In order to validate these Respect codes of conduct the club has clear actions it will take regarding repeated or serious misconduct at club level and acknowledges the possibility of potential sanctions which may be implemented by the County FA in more serious circumstances.
Reporting your concerns about the welfare of a child or young person. Safeguarding is everyone’s responsibility if you are worried about a child it is important that you report your concerns – no action is not an option.
If you are worried about a child then you need to report your concerns to the Club Welfare Officer.
If the issue is one of poor practice the Club Welfare Officer will either: deal with the matter themselves or seek advice from the CFA Welfare Officer
iii. If the concern is more serious – possible child abuse, where possible, contact the CFA Welfare Officer first, then immediately contact the Police or Children’s Social Care.
If the child needs immediate medical treatment take them to a hospital or call an ambulance and tell them this is a child protection concern. Let your Club Welfare Officer know what action you have taken, they in turn will inform the CFA Welfare Officer.
If at any time you are not able to contact your Club Welfare Officer or the matter is clearly serious then you can either:
contact your CFA Welfare Officer directly
contact The FA Safeguarding Team on 0800 169 1863 or Safeguarding@TheFA.com
contact the Police or Children’s Social Care
call the NSPCC 24 hour Helpline for advice on 0808 800 5000 or text 88858 or email help@nspcc.org.uk
NB – The FA’s Safeguarding Children Policy and Procedures are available via – www.TheFA.com/football-rules-governance/safeguarding – click on ‘Raising Awareness – Best Practice Downloads’, the Policy and Procedures document is within the resources area. The policy outlines in detail what to do if you are concerned about the welfare of a child and includes flow diagrams which describe this process. How to make a referral is also covered in the Safeguarding Children workshop. Participants are given the opportunity to discuss how this feels and how best they can prepare themselves to deal with such a situation. For more information on this workshop contact your County Welfare Officer.
Further advice on Safeguarding Children matters can be obtained from:
The Football Clubs Welfare Officer;
Andrew Lawlor
Telephone: 07870 491048
E-mail: walfareofficer@hydeunited.co.uk
The Cheshire FA:
Telephone: 01606 302028
E-Mail: Safeguarding@CheshireFA.com
The FA:
Emailing – Safeguarding@TheFA.com
The FA Safeguarding Children general enquiry line 0845 210 8080
First Team Sponsors
Junior Sponsors
Team PhotoFA Charter StandardFixtures
Hyde United
NPL Premier
Saturday 10 October @ 3:00 pm
Stafford Rangers
v
Hyde United
Match Centre
Hyde United
NPL Premier
Saturday 17 October @ 3:00 pm
Hyde United
v
Whitby Town
Match Centre
Hyde United
NPL Premier
Tuesday 20 October @ 7:45 pm
Hyde United
v
Witton Albion
Match Centre
View all fixtures Hyde United
Tweets by @hydeunited
Results
Hyde United
FA Cup Second Round Qualifying
Saturday 3 October @ 3:00 pm
Hyde United
2 - 4
AFC Fylde
Match Centre
Hyde United
NPL Premier
Tuesday 29 September @ 7:45 pm
Hyde United
2 - 2
FC United of Manchester
Match Centre
Hyde United
NPL Premier
Saturday 26 September @ 3:00 pm
Hyde United
0 - 0
South Shields
Match Centre
View all fixtures
Fixture Calendar
Oct
10
Sat
15:00
Stafford Rangers
@ Marston Road
Stafford Rangers
@ Marston Road
Oct 10 @ 15:00
Oct
17
Sat
15:00
Whitby Town
@ Ewen Fields Stadium
Whitby Town
@ Ewen Fields Stadium
Oct 17 @ 15:00
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Company Details
Academy
CBS
Community
Community Football
Hyde In The Community
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Book Of Condolences
Mark Worthington
Tickets
Testimonials
Ewen Fields Stadium
Guide
Getting Here
Timeline
Ground Regulations
Contact Form
COVID Risk Assessment
Media Policies
The Offiical Forum
Social Media
Sponsorship
Match Day
Major Sponsorship Opportunities
Pitch Side Boards
Player Sponsorship
Other Sponsorship
Hyde United Double Win Lottery
Hyde United Database
Club Shop
© 2020 Victory Theme by WP Club Manager.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Register | Lost your password?
Register
Username
E-mail
Password
Confirm Password
Log in | Lost your password?
Reset Password
Username or E-mail:
Log in| Register