https://internationalgymnastics.com/privacy-policy/
THE IGC EXPERIENCE
GET TO KNOW US
OUR PROGRAM TRACKS
TRADITIONAL
Traditional Program
RECREATIONAL
Recreational Program
DAY
Day Program
Our Philosophy
Celebrity Guests
Recreational Activities
IGC Staff
IGC Campus & Facilities
FAQs
DATES & FEES
OUR 2021 DATES & FEES
DATES & FEES
LEARN MORE
HOW TO ENROLL AT IGC
HOW TO ENROLL
GET STARTED
ENROLLED FAMILIES
FOR FAMILIES
FAMILY DASHBOARD
ALL YOU NEED
PRACTICE MAKES PERFECTION
PRACTICE FOR CAMP
A GUIDE
FAMILY LOGIN
Communication
Handbook & Resources
Canteen
COACHES & PROS
EDUCATION
IGC UNIVERSITY
COACHING CLINICS
GYM CLUB BENEFITS
CLUB COACHES PROGRAM
LEARN MORE
CLUB OWNERS & COACHES
SENDING YOUR GYMNASTS TO CAMP
FAQS
SEASONAL PROGRAMS
FALL PROGRAMS
WINTER PROGRAMS
COMING SOON
SPRING PROGRAMS
COMING SOON
REQUEST A BROCHURE
ENROLL NOW
Our Policies
Thank you for visiting our website! This page sets out our privacy policy, including how and why we collect your personal information; how your personal information is used and protected; when and with whom we share your personal information; and how you can control the information we have.
By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted here. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: This privacy policy is for this web site only. If you visit other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Your Personal Information
We only collect information that you voluntarily give us via direct contact. We use your personal information to respond to you and/or to provide you with the requested services.
We will not share your information with any other third parties, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, contests, surveys, and new products/services offered by us or our subsidiaries and affiliates.
You are welcome to contact us at any time via email or mail at the address on this website, in order:
To opt-out of future communications from us;
To review your information;
To change, correct, or update the information we have on file; or
To have us delete any data you have provided.
Children & Privacy
We are very conscious that young people need special safeguards and privacy protection. We realize that minors may not understand all the provisions of our policy or be able to make thoughtful decisions about the choices that are made available to our adult users. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires us to inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect, use and store personal information from children under the age of 13. While we expect that information regarding your child disclosed in the registration process was provided by you as their parent or legal guardian rather than by the child, it is possible that your child will disclose personal information subject to COPPA through their use of our website. Therefore, we require your consent prior to their enrollment.
Parents always have the right to review the child’s personal information, to ask to have it deleted, and to refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child’s information. Parents may do so at any time by contacting us via email or mail at the address on this website.
Commitment to Security
We take precautions to protect your information both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Partner Providers
We partner with other parties to provide specific requested services. For example, we use camp management software (CampMinder) for all aspects of camp enrollment and registration, an online store host (Shopify) for online sales, outside shipping companies to ship orders, and credit card processing companies to bill users for goods and services.
Many of these third-party service providers have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies & Analytics Tools
We may use “cookies” in order to enhance the experience of users on our site for return visitors, and third-party partners may install cookies depending on their configuration. Usage of cookies is in no way linked to personally identifiable information on our site. You are not required to accept any cookies to use this site.
We also use analytics and other third-party technologies, including Google Analytics* and Google Analytics Advertising Features* to collect non-personally identifiable information about the use of this site and for marketing purposes. We do not combine the information collected with personally identifiable information.
*For more information, please visit How Google Uses Data When You Use Our Partners’ Sites Or Apps. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser, or with Google Analytics Opt-out tools.
Privacy Policy Dated: May 20, 2016
Sept through May, ISTC turns
into Trout Lake - the perfect
destination for your group,
special event or wedding.
Our sister camp offers world
class sports training in a state of
the art facility. Located only 1
mile from IGC.
© 2020 International Gymnastics Camp. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Site by