http://internettrash.com/privacy.html
The "be yourself" Internet Community!
Privacy Statement for internettrash.com
Internettrash.com has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: internettrash.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad
demographic information.
We do not track general visitor activity, and we do not collect personal information. Our site uses cookies to keep track of subscriber sessions, and for subscribers only. Subscribers have the option of not using cookies to login to our system. A subscriber is someone who has signed up for our services.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us
contact information (like their email address). We use customer contact
information from the registration form to send the user information about our company, and
in some cases to setup the customers account for proper billing for services.  The customer's
contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. We do not share or sell subscriber email addresses.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request
information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their
email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our
company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch
with the visitor when necessary.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and
services.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
Contact Help Desk
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Webmaster
Internettrash.com
200 Executive Drive
Suite 250
West Orange, NJ 07052
Webmaster