https://irishjudoassociation.ie/privacy-policy/
Call us: 01 6251104
admin@irishjudoassociation.ie
My Cart
was successfully added to your cart.
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Overview
Please read this Privacy Policy and the site Terms and Conditions before using this site. The Privacy Policy set out below shall apply to all users of the site. The terms ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘user’ refer to any individual and/or business accessing this site for any reason. References to ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are references to the Irish Judo Association (IJA). The information we collect from you is only that required by us in order to provide you with the information you have requested and to improve the service we provide. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not supply your personal information to any other person. If you are not happy with this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website.
There are some significant changes to Data Protection legislation coming into effect on 25 May 2018 which will have an impact on how the IJA, at all levels, engages with its members. It is important that every IJA Club, and indeed every member, is aware of how these changes in the law will affect the ways in which members’ personal information can be collected and used for IJA purposes.
What is Data Protection?
Data Protection legislation is intended to protect the right to privacy of individuals (all of us) and seeks to ensure that Personal Information is used appropriately by third parties that may have it (Data Controllers)
In essence Data Protection relates to any information that can be used to identify a living person such as Name, Date of Birth, Address, Phone Number, Email address, Membership Number, IP Address, photographs etc.
There are other categories of information which currently are defined as Sensitive Personal Data which require more stringent measures of protection and these categories include religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, trade union membership, medical information etc.
What is GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) is new EU legislation that comes into effect on the 25th May 2018
It very clearly sets out the ways in which the privacy rights of every EU citizen must be protected and the ways in which a person’s ‘Personal Data’ can and can’t be used
It places the onus on the person or entity that collects a person’s information (Data Controller) to comply with the legislation and to demonstrate compliance
Data Protection can be summarised in the following ‘7 Principles’’
Lawfulness, Fairness, Transparency
Purpose Limitation
Data Minimisation
Accuracy
Storage Limitation
Integrity and Confidentiality
Accountability
What does Data Protection Legislation mean to me?
The legislation sets out rules about how this information (personal Information) can be obtained, how it can be used and how it is stored.
Every person must give their consent for their data to be collected and processed for a specific purpose which must be communicated to them at the time the data is obtained.
They must specifically Opt-In and must be allowed to Opt-Out at any time. They must also be given the opportunity to review the consent they have given on a regular basis (i.e. Yearly).
Data must be kept safe and secure and must be kept accurate and up to date.
An Individual can request a copy of all of the personal information held about them (this is called a Subject Access Request) and must be allowed to have all of their data deleted or returned to them, if they so wish.
Personal Information
When you register as a member of IJA to access the members area of our website, enter a competition, register for a coaching/referee/training seminar specific to Judo, we may require more specific information about you, such as name, e-mail address, postcode etc. We use this information to verify your IJA membership, to make you aware of new services, which may be of interest to you, or to contact you regarding site changes and updates. These requests will be specific to the business of the company. You may opt out of receiving these updates at any time by sending an email to admin@irishjudoassociation.ie
Special Categories
As a general rule, the IJA does not request sensitive data ie medical history unless absolutely necessary, request for sensitive data will only relate to specific judo events that require sensitive data, your consent will be required should sensitive data be requested.
General Information
We do not disclose your individual visits to our site, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, e-mail address, postcode, etc., to any outside parties, except when we believe the law requires it. We are not responsible for any information inputted outside our site.
Online Surveys
Irishjudoassociation.ie values your opinion and comments, so we may from time to time conduct online surveys. Your participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Typically, the information is aggregated and used to make improvements to the development of our sport, improve our site and to develop appealing content, features and promotions for you. Your contribution to any survey will be anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey.
Feedback
Please submit any feedback to us. Feedback is used primarily for internal purposes to aid us in improving the site. Any feedback submitted becomes our property and we may use feedback, such as success stories, for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback. We will seek your written or email approval before using your personal success story for marketing purposes.
Cookies
Please see our main Cookie Policy page for detailed information.
Analytics
This site uses uses Google Analytics, a service that reports the website traffic and webpage usage for us. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. The data that’s transferred to Google Analytics is fully pseudonymised, which means it cannot be associated with any individual browsing our website. The statistics data is being removed after 14 months. If you wish to prevent your browser from being used for our reports, please opt-out via this link: Google Analytics Opt-Out.
Access to Information held by us
You have a right to access the information that we hold about you. To obtain a copy you should either visit the Data Access page, email us at admin@irishjudoassociation.ie or write to Irish Judo Association, Irish Sport HQ, National Sports Campus, Abbotstown, Dublin D15 DY62 to request a Subject Access Request (SAR). There is no fee for this service (unless the IJA can demonstrate that the cost to process the request will be excessive), the IJA must respond to SAR’s within 30 days.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy for the site, we will post those changes on the site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at admin@irishjudoassociation.ie
[ultimate_gdpr_policy_accept]
Irish Judo Association
Irish Sport HQ, National Sports Campus,
Abbotstown, Dublin D15 DY62
Ph: 00353 (0) 1 6251104
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns Policy
Data Access
Contact
This month’s eventsCurrent Month
december, 2020No Events
Home
News
Clubs
Shop
Calendar
Contact
Data Access
©Collage Creative 2017
Home
News
Clubs
Membership
Event’s Calendar
Shop
Policies & Forms
National Competitive Grading Registration
About us
History
Committee
Contact
Our Gallery
X