https://jacobsgolf.com/privacy-policy/
800.472.5007
Info@JacobsGolf.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
BOOK YOUR CLASS NOW
V1 LOGIN
STORE
0 Items
JUNIOR CLINICS at
ORANGE TREE GOLF CLUB
SCOTTSDALE, ARIZONA
LEARN MORE
INSTRUCTION PROGRAMS
FOR EVERY LEVEL OF GOLFER
LEARN MORE
PRIVACY POLICY
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies, (JJGSA), is committed to keeping any and all personalÂ information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities andÂ services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created toÂ ensure those affiliated with John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies of our commitment and realizationÂ of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies,Â and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use ofÂ www.jacobsgolf.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within thisÂ agreement.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billingÂ and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or servicesÂ and to deliver the services you have requested.Â Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly andÂ willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of thisÂ site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional usesÂ specifically provided on this site.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of anyÂ website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websitesÂ garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies may collect and may make use of personal information toÂ assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. AtÂ times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep youÂ informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you fromÂ www.jacobsgolf.com . John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies may also be in contact with you withÂ regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current orÂ potential future services that may be offered.
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any Â of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.Â John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies may disclose your personal information, without priorÂ notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith beliefÂ that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies and/or our website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of John Jacobs’ Golf Schools AndÂ Academies; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users ofÂ www.jacobsgolf.com and/or the general public.
Children Under Age of 13
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies does not knowingly collect personal identifiable informationÂ from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined thatÂ such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shallÂ immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’sÂ database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission toÂ use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from usÂ and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. ToÂ discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe toÂ unsubscribe@jacobsgolf.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, youÂ must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. John Jacobs’ Golf Schools AndÂ Academies does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/orÂ procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when theyÂ leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personallyÂ identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to theÂ information collected by our website.
Security
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintainÂ adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storageÂ facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’sÂ personal information under our control.Â The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in anÂ effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secureÂ access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of ourÂ privacy policy, and as such we will post those change to our website homepage atÂ www.jacobsgolf.com, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information weÂ collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. IfÂ at any point in time John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies decides to make use of any personallyÂ identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when thisÂ information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at thatÂ time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separateÂ manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within theÂ aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions,Â then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our websiteÂ following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are inÂ agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website,Â please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: info@jacobsgolf.com
Telephone Number: 1-800-472-5007
Mailing Address:
John Jacobs’ Golf Schools And Academies
10601 N. 56th Street
Scottsdale, Arizona 85254
02/22/2016
EXPLORE JACOB’S GOLFHOME
ABOUT US
MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS
PROGRAMS
PRO GOLF TIPS
PROMOTIONS
V1 LOGIN
CONTACT US
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
ARIZONAHILLCREST GOLF CLUB
LEGEND TRAIL GOLF CLUB
ORANGE TREE GOLF CLUB
RED MOUNTAIN RANCH COUNTRY CLUB
CALIFORNIAGOLF CLUB AT TERRA LAGO
WISCONSINPENINSULA GOLF COURSE
MEXICOESTRELLA DEL MAR
John Jacobs' Golf Schools & Academies
TF: 800.472.5007 | P: 480.991.8587 | 10601 N. 56th Street, Scottsdale, AZ 85254
© 2018 John Jacobs’ Golf Schools - All Rights Reserved. John Jacobs’ Golf Schools is a registered trademark.