https://jgaa.org/policies/
#golfforlife
NEWS
CONTACT
Press enter to begin your search
2021 JGAA Schedule Preview
Our Association
Girls Golf of Phoenix
Member Login
Youth on Course Only Membership
JGAA 2021 Registration
2021 JGAA Schedule
COVID-19 Guidelines
2020 JGAA Schedule
2020 LPGA Girls Golf Schedule
Point Standings
Rules Clinics & Quiz Info
Contact
Handicap Lookup & Posting
Policies
Spectator Cart Policy
For those who would like to have available to them a spectator cart, the Spectator Cart Application must be filled out and submitted to the JGAA for approval.
Once approved, the JGAA office will mail out the Spectator Cart Badge to the applicant. This badge must be with the pre-approved applicant to use a spectator cart.
Spectator Cart Application Mail application to:
10888 N. 19th Ave., Phoenix, AZ 85029
Email application to:
jgaamail@jgaa.org
To be eligible for the Spectator Cart Badge, the applicant must submit a copy of one of the following with the application to be eligible:
Department of Motor Vehicle Disable Person Placard Identification Card
Disable Insurance award letter
V.A Letter confirming a disability
A 5-day waiting period (from the date we receive the materials) is required to verify the documents and issue the official JGAA Spectator Cart Badge.
There will be a $15 charge for processing, materials and shipping of the badge. Any lost badges will have a $10 replacement fee. Violation of any of the policies printed on the Spectator Cart Badge will result in the immediate loss of privilege.
The following are the Rules and Guidelines for those approved for a Spectator Cart Badge:
The Spectator Cart Badge MUST BE present to have access to a cart an event that allows spectators. NO EXCEPTIONS!
Before checking-in with the golf shop to receive a golf cart, the Spectator Cart Badge holder must check-in with the JGAA Staff on site.
The privilege may only be used at courses that allow spectators on the course. Spectators are responsible for the courses cart fee. It will be at the discretion of the host facility if they will grant use of spectator carts.
The JGAA is not responsible for a course that chooses not to allow any spectator carts on the course. Playing at each facility is a privilege, not a right, and all spectators shall abide by the rules of the facility.
Spectator carts should be operated in a safe manner, observing golf etiquette and without any unnecessary interference with play.
The individual whom the privilege was granted to is the ONLY individual who may be in the golf cart. If the individual who has the JGAA Spectator Cart Badge is unable to physically drive the golf cart, he or she must notify the JGAA office as least one week before the event to request an additional badge for a driver to use during the event.
If at any time a player, or another spectator that does not have his or her own spectator cart badge, is in the cart while in motion, the approved spectator will lose the Spectator Cart privileges for the remainder of the year, no exceptions.
The Rules printed on the back of the Spectator Cart Approved badge must be followed, in addition to the JGAA Spectator Policies. Failure to abide by these rules will result in immediate loss of priviledges.
Spectator Guidelines
Spectators/Parents, except those volunteers acting in an official capacity, are NOT allowed in the scoring area or in the registration area. When allowed on the course, spectators must wear a spectator badge; anyone refusing a badge will be removed from the course.
The Spectator Guidelines for JGAA events are as follows:
All spectators MUST be at least 7 years of age.
Spectators are asked to adhere to the JGAA dress code.
Spectators must remain on the cart path at all times or at least 30 yards away from the group if a cart path is not available.
Any verbal or non-verbal contact could be construed as giving advice (Rule 10). Conversations with players are not permitted.
Requests to use a golf cart while spectating must be submitted to the JGAA office at least two days prior to the event. Requests will be approved if warranted by physical or health reasons.
Use of cell phones or other electronic devices are prohibited when spectating.
Failure to abide by these rules may result in removal from the course.
Inappropriate Behavior:
Disciplinary measures: (removal from the golf course, clubhouse area, suspension of spectator privileges), will be taken for any spectator that shows lack of respect for volunteers, rules officials or JGAA staff.
Immediate suspension of spectator privileges for obscene, abusive, or vulgar language or any physical contact with anyone with the intent to do bodily harm
Player Code of Conduct
The JGAA provides a worthwhile activity which can be pursued throughout life and which helps develop character and good sportsmanship.
The JGAA Code of Conduct is a guideline for junior golfers to follow throughout the tournaments, both on and off the course. It is not intended to scare players, but to help JGAA participants understand the consequences of their actions.
Specific Penalties will be assessed for the following:
A 2-stroke penalty will be assessed every time a participant leaves litter on the course property and fails to pick up litter found on the course.
A 2-stroke penalty will be assessed every time a participant fails to replace a divot, repair a ball mark or fails to rake a bunker.
Any of the following behavior will result in a warning. Flagrant and subsequent violations will result in disqualification. Repeated infractions will result in suspension of membership:
Lack of respect for others
Improper attire (see dress code)
Use of electronic devises (includes walkmans, radios, MP3 players, beepers and mobile phones) are prohibited during the round of play. Devises may be used before and after the round. This policy applies to scorekeepers and caddies.
The following violation are always considered flagrant and as such, they will result in automatic disqualification:
Cheating
Lack of respect for volunteers or officials
Damage to course or course property
Smoking or use of tobacco, alcohol or illegal drugs
Throwing clubs
Obscene, abusive or vulgar language
Electronic Devices / Range Finders
The JGAA will permit the use of distance measuring devices by players. The devices must measure distance only, and not other factors (wind, slope, etc). Players CAN’T use cell phones/ electronic devices during the round, and can’t use distance measuring apps on cell phones. Also players CAN’T wear/ use smart watch (ie= apple watches) that have texting capabilities.
Dress Code Proper attire for all JGAA members include:
Belts on boys
Neat and clean clothing
Hats worn properly (bills forward)
Sleeves and collars on boys’ shirts. Shirts must be tucked in.
Collared shirts with or without sleeves on girls
Capri pants, shorts, skorts and skirts on girls that are appropriate for golf
Girls shirts not to rise above the belt line at any time during the golf swing.
Midriff must not be visible at any time during the golf swing
Boy’s shorts must NOT be lower than the bottom of the knee
Shorts, pants, or cargo shorts that are appropriate for golf.
Spikeless golf shoes or tennis shoes only (shoes must be worn at all times)
All clothing must be worn in a neat and respectable way.
Improper attire includes, but is not limited to:
Jeans
Sweats
Spandex
Cut-offs
Visible body piercing other than earrings on Girls
Visible body piercing including earrings on Boys
Tee shirts
Tank tops
Tennis shorts
Caps worn backwards
Bathing suits
Short shorts
Excessively baggy shorts
Please note that the JGAA Tournament Staff has the right to deem other attire to be improper, even if it does not appear in the previous
Cancellation Policy It will be at the discretion of the JGAA Tournament Staff or Host Professional to cancel play and/or reduce the number of holes to a lesser number to determine age group winners. An event will not be cancelled due to rain unless the Host Professional deems it necessary. In the event of lightning or other dangerous situations, play will be suspended until conditions are safe. Refunds for an event cancelled prior to commencement of play will be issued within three weeks, provided the event cannot be rescheduled.
NO SHOW / NO CARD Policy The No-Show policy applies to all competitive rounds of each event, not just the first round. If you begin play on the first day and cannot play in the second or third round of an event, you MUST notify the JGAA Tournament Staff prior to your scheduled starting time for that round. Call the JGAA Tournament Director and leave a message at (602) 944-6168.
No Card is defined as player walking off the course for no reason, and not informing the JGAA Staff / Volunteers his reason for walking off the course.
Sanctions for No-Show Infractions
First No-Show Offense
The player is disqualified from the next JGAA event for which the junior has previously entered (Invitational or open entry).
Second No-Show Offense
The player is disqualified from the next two JGAA events for which the junior has previously entered, and must assist the staff at a JGAA event prior to being allowed to play in another event in the 2018 season.
Third No-Show Offense
The player is disqualified for the remainder of the 2018 season, including any State JGAA Teams.
If a member is disqualified from an event(s) because of a No-Show offense, there will be a forfeiture of all applicable entry fees.
Withdrawal Policy
Did Not Start, No Show, Withdrawal, No Card, Justifiable Withdrawal, and Disqualification Policies:
Did Not Start – Not submitted for rankings ( DNS ):
If a player does not hit the first shot of the tournament for any reason, it will be recorded as a Did Not Start ( DNS ) and will not submitted for the rankings
No Show – Submitted for Rankings ( NS ):
If a player begins a tournament and completes one or more rounds, signs a scorecard, and does not show up for a subsequent tee time without contacting an official, it will be recorded as a No Show ( NS ) and all official round scores for the event will be submitted for rankings
Withdrawal – Submitted for Rankings ( WD ):
If a player begins a tournament and completes one or more rounds, signs a scorecard, and notifies an official they will not be going on without a justifiable and independently verifiable reason, it will be recorded as a Withdrawal ( WD ) and all official round scores for the event will be submitted for rankings
No Card – Submitted for Rankings ( NC ):
If a player begins the tournament, and for any reason other than a justified withdrawal, fails to turn in a signed scorecard for a completed round, it will be recorded as a No Card ( NC ) and all official round scores for the event will be submitted for the rankings
Justifiable Withdrawal – Not submitted for Rankings ( JWD ):
If a player tees it up, plays a complete or partial round and notifies an official with a justifiable and independently verifiable reason such as clearly swollen ankle, bee sting, etc…, it will be recorded as a Justifiable Withdrawal ( JWD ) and will not be submitted for rankings. However, hurt wrists, bad back, sore neck, or not feeling well are not reasons for a JWD. Receipt for treatment from medical personnel will be accepted and considered when making these decisions by the tournament committee.
Disqualification – Submitted for Rankings ( DQ ):
If a player tees it up and commits a USGA Rules infraction during the course of play or unintentionally fails to sign a scorecard before leaving the scoring area it will be recorded as a Disqualification ( DQ ) and all official round scores will be submitted for the rankings
Refund Policy
To withdraw from an event before the 1st round, including an invitational, notice must be given to the JGAA Tournament Staff. To withdraw, call the JGAA office or 602-944-6168 or Email Tournament Director Katya Lewis katya@jgaa.org.
All refund requests, online or other, must be in our office before the Closing/Deadline Date of the event.
After the entry deadline, and more than 3 days out from the 1st round, only ½ of the tournament entry fee will be credited to the players account if they request credit when they withdraw.
Less than 3 days out and when round 1 pairings are posted, there will be no refund issued.
The amount credited will be the amount originally paid, minus a $5.00 per tournament handling fee.
Refunds will be automatically credited to the players’ credit account. The credits can then be used to enter future JGAA events.
If a player would like their refund to be issued back to the credit card used for their original entry, they must contact the JGAA office to make this request.
When requesting a refund in writing, please include the members’s name, age, address and the name and date of the tournament.
Any refunds will be automatically credited to the players’ credit account. The credits can then be used to enter future JGAA events.
If a player would like their refund to be issued back to the credit card used for their original entry, they must contact the JGAA office to make this request.
All refund requests, online or other, must be in our office before the Closing/Deadline Date of the event. No refunds will be available after the Closing/Deadline Date.
The amount refunded will be the amount originally paid, minus a $5.00 per tournament handling fee. JGAA invitationals will have specific refund deadline dates assigned to each event.
When requesting a refund in writing, please include the members’s name, age, address and the name and date of the tournament.
On-Site Waiting List Policy
If you are still on the waiting list prior to the event, you may come to the tournament site the morning of the first round and be placed on a stand-by list. Please be advised that the stand-by list is formed on a first come – first serve basis. For example, if you were previously 20th on the waiting list, but you show up at the tournament site before anyone else on the waiting list, you will automatically be the first person on the stand-by list. You MUST have already been on the original tournament waiting list for this policy to apply. Members on the waiting list will automatically be placed on the stand-by list above members who simply decide to play the day of the event.
Parents Code of Conduct
The JGAA has numerous spectator events and encourages parents to come and watch their children play. When you come to watch your son or daughter play in an JGAA tournament, you should keep in mind that the competition is between him or her and the rest of the field. You should never involve yourself with the players in any way that could be considered unethical or impolite. As such, please observe the following regulations:
Minimize all contact between yourself and the players, including your own child. If you wish to hand your child a drink or some other item they might need, feel free to do so, but keep all conversations brief and make sure you are not giving any advice to your child. Any parent who gives advice will be immediately asked to leave the course and your actions could result in a penalty being assessed to your child.
In general keep a reasonable distance from the players. Do NOT walk down the fairway with them.
Do NOT go on the greens or tees.
If you walk ahead of the group, do not position yourself in a manner that would give your child some information on how to play a shot.
If you walk with the group, keep to the side of play. Please do not walk down the fairway behind the group as it might hold up the group behind.
Be aware of other groups on the golf course at all times.
ALL cell phones are prohibited on the golf course.
Please help look for potentially lost balls. It can help speed up play and help the group avoid a pace of play penalty.
If you violate these policies one of our officials will speak with you and if the violation is serious enough, you might be asked to leave the course. Please enjoy your day on the course and do not cause your child embarrassment by your behavior.
Privacy PolicyThe JGAA (Junior Golf Association of Arizona) protects the privacy and confidentiality of its users and does not sell or distribute with any outside parties any information gathered during registration or online purchases through online visits to JGAA.org. The JGAA utilizes BlueGolf as it’s official registration entity. All transactions are secured bySecure Sockets Layer, (SSL) a protocol developed for transmitting private documents via the Internet. SSL uses a cryptography system that uses two keys to encrypt data – a public key known to everyone and a private or secret key known only to the recipient of the message. Both Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer support SSL, and many Web sites use the protocol to obtain confidential user information, such as credit card numbers.By convention, URLs that utilize an SSL connection start with https: instead of http: BlueGolf, LLC. and its related companies (“BlueGolf”) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of Personal Information collected about its Users. “Personal Information” includes, but is not limited to, usage data, along with the name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card and salary information of BlueGolf Users. Therefore, BlueGolf does not sell or otherwise disclose any Personal Information. Nor does BlueGolf include in BlueGolf any functionality for performing “reverse searches” to identify BlueGolf Users from their e-mail addresses. However, BlueGolf reserves the right to analyze and utilize User data in order to more effectively optimize the User experience and to present certain opportunities to Users for their benefit. BlueGolf has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform BlueGolf Users how it does collect, store, and use Personal Information. BlueGolf’s intent is to balance its legitimate business interests in collecting and using Personal Information against the reasonable expectations of privacy of its Users.
Collection
BlueGolf collects Personal Information during e-mail and site registration, store purchases, and other user registration processes. In addition, BlueGolf collects Personal Information from BlueGolf Users in the form of usage data (for example, length of session, pages viewed, etc.) for use as provided in paragraph 3 below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that BlueGolf transfers to the hard drives of BlueGolf Users for record-keeping purposes. BlueGolf places Cookies with BlueGolf Users visiting from advertising banners and hyperlinks on other websites to track the success of a particular advertising campaign or marketing program. In addition, BlueGolf places Cookies with BlueGolf Users to provide them with seamless access to BlueGolf, since storing their user name and password in a Cookie eliminates the need to reenter that information on every page. (Note: Browsers set to provide notice when a Cookie is placed will prompt BlueGolf Users to accept or reject the Cookie.) The use of Cookies is an industry standard and occurs at most major websites.
Usage
BlueGolf uses Personal Information for: developing enhancements to BlueGolf; marketing and promotional purposes (for example, offering BlueGolf Users the opportunity to take advantage of special promotions and acquire BlueGolf products); and evaluating BlueGolf usage by analyzing usage data in the aggregate, but not with respect to any individual BlueGolf User.
In addition, BlueGolf uses Personal Information to direct e-mail to BlueGolf Users who provide their e-mail address in connection with specific promotions (for example, receiving notice of winning a BlueGolf contest), or to direct e-mail regarding BlueGolf updates and service enhancements to Users who opt in either during the BlueGolf registration process or afterwards.
Third Parties
BlueGolf may provide demographic information in the aggregate regarding BlueGolf Users to third parties in connection with BlueGolf advertising campaigns and marketing programs; however, no Personal Information relating to any individual BlueGolf User is disclosed. The only exception to this is if a User purchases an item at our online Store and we are using a commerce partner to fulfill orders for that particular item. In the event that sharing personal information is necessary under those circumstances, we only disclose that which is required to deliver your order. No credit card information is disclosed.
Children
Children should always ask parents for permission before providing any Personal Information to BlueGolf or purchasing any products or services from BlueGolf.
Security
BlueGolf only collects Personal Information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve its legitimate business purposes, and it uses state-of-the-art security technology to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of all Personal Information. In addition, BlueGolf uses security measures in connection with the collection and transmission of Personal Information during the BlueGolf registration process. Nonetheless, BlueGolf is not responsible for any breach of its security or for the actions of any third parties that may obtain any Personal Information.
Removal or Update of Personal Information
BlueGolf Users may update their Personal Information or remove their Personal Information from BlueGolf distribution lists via any of the means listed below. Please be sure to include the following information in your correspondence:
Terms of UseJGAA.org is the online information site provided by the Junior Golf Association of Arizona, consisting of information services and content provided by JGAA, affiliates of JGAA and third parties. Your use of this site constitutes your agreement to the terms, conditions and notices below (“Terms of Use”). If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, please do not use this site. JGAA reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes will mean that you have accepted the changes.
Copyright and Trademark Protection
All materials in this site (including site layout, design, text, images, graphics, video and audio content) are the property of the Junior Golf Association of Arizona, its affiliated companies (BlueGolf L.L.C) or licensors and are protected by international copyright and trademark laws. You may not publish, copy, display, distribute, transmit, perform, modify, create derivative works from, or sell any information, products or services obtained from this site, except as otherwise expressly permitted under applicable law or as described in these Terms of Use.
Downloading Materials
You may print or download content and materials on the site for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. You may not engage in systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without written permission from the JGAA. Nor may you mirror on your own site the home page or results pages of this site. Use of the content and materials on this site for any purpose not expressly permitted in these Terms of Use is prohibited.
Your Communications
You may not post information or materials to this site that violate the rights of any third party or contain a virus or other harmful component. Nor may you use language or engage in any activity that is threatening, abusive, vulgar, discourteous or unlawful. JGAA reserves the right to remove or edit messages or material submitted by users. You may not use this site for sale, trade or other commercial purposes.
You are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. You must not do the following things: Post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful or embarrassing to any other person or entity; post a sexually-explicit image; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or the like; or impersonate another person.
Keep in mind that other users will have access to materials you post to this site, and they might copy, modify or distribute it. By posting information or materials to this site, you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content and that public posting, and use of your information or materials by JGAA will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party. You automatically grant to JGAA, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display your communications alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses.
Communications by Other Users
JGAA does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness accuracy, or reliability of any communications posted by other users or endorse any opinions expressed by users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.
JGAA does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users. If notified by a user of communication which allegedly does not conform to these Terms of Use, JGAA may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such communication. JGAA has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or non-performance of such activities. JGAA reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to JGAA or any affiliate of JGAA, for violating these Terms of Use or the law and the right to remove such communications which are abusive, illegal or disruptive.
News Items
Publishers of news items do not generally obtain releases from subjects, individuals, groups or entities that are shown in their photographs or graphics or quoted in their texts. Also, no clearance is obtained from the owners of trademarks or copyrighted materials whose marks or materials are included in news items. Therefore, you will be solely responsible for obtaining any and all necessary releases if you use news items that you find on this site. Neither JGAA nor any other publisher or news service will be liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions in any news material or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
Third Party Sites
Hyperlinks to other Internet resources are provided for your convenience. The editors of JGAA have selected these resources as having some value and pertinence, but their development and maintenance are not under the direction of JGAA. Thus, the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, and other links provided by these resources are neither verified by JGAA editors nor endorsed by JGAA.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Neither JGAA, its affiliates, nor any third-party content providers or licensors makes any warranty whatsoever, including without limitation: that the operation JGAA will be uninterrupted or error-free; that defects will be corrected; that this site, including the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful components; as to the results that may be obtained from use of the materials on the site; or as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, suitability, quality, or operation of any information, software, or service provided on or accessible from the site.
JGAA AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND CONTENT) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND (EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE), ALL OF WHICH JGAA DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. YOUR USE OF JGAA IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL JGAA, ITS AFFILIATES OR CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, AUTHORIZED USE, PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THIS SITE, EVEN IF JGAA WAS PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW OR OTHERWISE.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify JGAA, its directors, officers, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from your violation of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Arizona, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Copyrights
All contents of this site are © 2007-2015 JGAA, or its licensors. All rights reserved.
Photographs and illustrations are copyrighted by their respective owners, as noted in the credits.
Trademarks
JGAA and other marks that appear throughout this site belong to JGAA, its affiliates or third party trademark owners. Except as permitted by applicable laws, you are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this site without express written consent from the respective trademark owners.
Search JGAA
Contact JGAA 10888 North 19th Avenue
Phoenix, AZ 85029-4905
Tel: (602) 944-6168
Fax: (602) 944-7795
General Email: jgaamail@jgaa.org
JGAA Twitter Tweets by @JuniorGolfofAZ
Thank You To Our Sponsors
Thunderbirds
Ping
Antigua
Troon Country Club
USGA
Tucson Conquistadors
PGA SW
Cactus & Pine
AZ Womens Golf
AZ Golf Assoc
IHOP
OB Sports
Mass Mutual of Omaha - Arizona
Great Clips
PGA TOUR Superstore
Isagenix
Fiesta Bowl Charities
West Valley Mavericks
Hohokams
DLB Custom Homes Inc.
Found It For 18
Oakley
Fisher Bryan Golf Academy
Outlaw Golf Tour
Precision Pro Golf
Dominick's Steakhouse
Desert Golf Cars
No Mow Grass & Greens
Phoenix Metro Chamber Foundation
Scottsdale Charros
Junior Golf Hub
Technologent
Zipps Sports Grill
Current Members
ID:
Password:
Remember me
Forgot your password?
CLICK TO RETRIEVE IT
New member? Sign up now!
Copyright © 2020 Junior Golf Association of Arizona | Customized by Communication Links
JGAA Member Login
JGAA Member Login
Id:
PWD:
Remember me
New member? Sign up now!
Forgot your password?
Powered by BlueGolf