https://jiujitsulife.com/privacy-policy/
No menu assigned!
Privacy Policy for www.jiujitsulife.comThe privacy of our visitors to www.jiujitsulife.com is important to us.At www.jiujitsulife.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit www.jiujitsulife.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.Log FilesAs with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.Cookies and Web BeaconsWe do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as our online membership area.We also use third party advertisements on www.jiujitsulife.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).DoubleClick DART cookiesWe also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspxYou can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.SharingWe do not share personally identifiable information about our members or what they purchase with 3rd parties. We do not share or rent our email address lists. We do not rent, sell, or giveaway our customer list to anyone, ever. Your customer information or email address will be used only by www.jiujitsulife.com and only with your permission.Newsletters and EmailsOur clients will have the option to signup for emails when they first sign their waivers. Once you have attended classes with us, your account will be available for you to login to. We will be occasionally sending you receipt, reminders and newsletters to keep you up to date with what is happening at www.jiujitsulife.com.All recipients of our Newsletter are given the opportunity to unsubscribe (opt-out) at any time. If you no longer want to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link in the email you’ve received or by sending us an email at don@westcoastmartialarts.ca with “Please Remove me from your Email list” in the subject line. Your name will be removed from our email newsletter list with 48 hours.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or about West Coast BJJ, Inc. please contact us directly:Email: don@westcoastmartialarts.ca Telephone: 778-861-0137 Address: 22760 Lougheed Hwy, Maple Ridge, BCAddress: 22760 Lougheed Hwy, Maple Ridge, BC (Across from London Drugs)Phone: 778-836-7473Email: don@westcoastmartialarts.caHomeLocationsClassesInstructorsAssociationVideosMembersNew Junior StudentsNew Adult StudentsPrivacy Policy© Copyright 2017 West Coast Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Inc.:All rights reserved. Copying, reproducing or distributing any part of this website in any form without prior written permission is illegal and punishable by law. Anyone found stealing will be reported to their billing and their hosting company for account closure in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).