https://jonathanfieldhorsemanship.net/terms-conditions/
TERMS & CONDITIONS
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Jonathan Field Horsemanship website may include links to third party websites. Jonathan Field Horsemanship provides these links as a convenience to our website visitors. The inclusion of any link does not imply Jonathan Field Horsemanship’s endorsement of any other company, its website, or its products and/or services. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy and security policies; we recommend that you read these carefully if visiting these sites. We do not have any control over these third party sites and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the way in which the organizations that operate these linked websites may collect, use or disclose, or otherwise handle your personal information.
USER COMMENTS
We would be more than happy to receive your comments or feedback about the Jonathan Field Horsemanship website. Please note, however, that any comments, feedback, suggestions sent to us shall be and remain the exclusive property of Jonathan Field Company Ltd. This would also include product “comments” or “reviews.”” By submitting any comments, feedback, or suggestions you are agreeing to assign all worldwide rights, titles, copyrights, interests, and any intellectual property rights over to Jonathan Field Company Ltd. and Jonathan Field Company Ltd. will be entitled to make use of this material without restriction or a requirement to compensate you in any way.
DISCLAIMER
While great care is taken in the preparation & production of this website, error in content, description, and/or pricing may occur. Jonathan Field Company Ltd. reserves the right to correct any errors or inaccuracies at any time and without notice. These corrections may take place after your order has been placed. In the event of a pricing error, the item(s) in question will be charged at correct price. In some cases, demand may exceed available stock; we reserve the right to limit quantities available for purchase. The information found on the website in regards to pricing, availability, description, etc. applies only to the website and does not guarantee that this information will remain consistent at other Jonathan Field Horsemanship events (expos and events).
PRIVACY POLICY
Jonathan Field Company Ltd. is committed to protecting your privacy. To make your shopping experience more convenient we gather certain information from you. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information.
To process and fulfill your order, we need to know your name, email address, mailing and billing addresses, credit card number and expiration date. You are under no obligation to provide this information, however, if you choose not to provide this information, we may not be able to complete or fulfill your order.
You can visit most of the pages on our website without having to submit any personal information. We may record the internet domain address from which you are visiting us so that we can analyze this data to evaluate user-trends and various website statistics and metrics but your identity will remain anonymous unless you specifically identify yourself.
Jonathan Field Company Ltd. does not sell, trade, or rent its online customer information to any third parties.
There may be certain circumstances where we disclose your contact information. This may occur when we feel that it is necessary for us to identify or contact customers when some person or entity may be causing harm to you, Jonathan Field Company Ltd. or others. We may also release your contact information when required to do so by law or when some legal process requires it.
RECEIVING EMAIL OR DIRECT MAIL COMMUNICATIONS FROM JONATHAN FIELD COMPANY LTD.
If you would prefer to opt out of receiving email communication and/or direct mailings from us please contact us and we will remove you from the communication options that you do not want to receive. You can contact us by phone at 1-888-533-4353 or by email at info@jonathanfield.net. Please note that it may take 2-3 weeks to update your requests and that any mailings already underway will not be affected by your request. You can also modify your mail-to options in the profile management section of the website once you have logged in as a user.
WEBSITE SECURITY
Jonathan Field Company Ltd. makes use of multiple methods (electronic, physical, and operational) to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. When shopping on-line with us, we make use of SSL (secure sockets layer) technology to protect your credit card information. SSL encrypts your credit card number and your name and address so that only we can make use of it.
That being said, no transfer of data over the internet can be 100% guaranteed to be secure so while we take all necessary steps to protect your information, we cannot make any guarantees as to the security of your transmitted information using the internet. Any information that you transmit to or from our website is done so at your own risk.
Jonathan Field Company Ltd. does not permanently store credit card information and this information is erased once an order has been shipped complete.
As part of our customer log-in process you will be provided a customer account with a related password. We strongly urge you to keep this password confidential and if you must keep a hard copy of this password, that you do so in a secure and private place. Do not share your password with anyone. As well, when leaving the Jonathan Field Horsemanship website, be sure to log-off from your customer account and close your browser so that others cannot access your account. You should be especially careful if accessing our site from a public computer or from a computer that may be shared with other users.
TRADEMARK AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
Inspired by Horses is a registered trademark owned by Jonathan Field Company Ltd.
The Freemotion Saddle, Primary Equine Language, Neutral Sweet Spot, The JF Logo, 31 in 13 and other noted trademarks are trademarks owned by Jonathan Field Company Ltd.
All photos, text and design copyright Jonathan Field Company © 2015
LEGAL STATEMENT
The content found on the Jonathan Field Horsemanship website is copyright, trade mark, etc. and other Jonathan Field Company-owned intellectual property rights. You may not make use of, alter, or modify this material without permission from Jonathan Field Company Ltd. for anything other than personal, non-commercial use and provided that you do not make this material public such as through posting on-line or on a network computer. If you do make use of any material from the website for personal and non-commercial purposes, you may not alter or modify any part of the content and you may not remove or delete any copyright or trademark notices. Jonathan Field Company Ltd. retains full ownership of any and all information that you download, copy, or reproduce from the website.
31 in 13
Product Categories
Select a category
Accessories & Apparel
Apparel
Books
Field Slow Feed System
Freemotion™ Saddle
Home Study DVDs
Horsemanship Tools
Kits
Riding Tools
Test Group
Uncategorized
Home
31 in 13
JF On Demand
Events
Schedule
Clinics
Camps
Expos & Demonstrations
Shop
Freemotion™ Saddle
Contact Us
About
My Account
Scroll to top