http://kenilworthrunners.com/privacy-policy-2
Skip to content
Email: training@kenilworthrunners.co.uk
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Search »
COVID-19 CLUB RUNS
Small (Socially Distanced) Group Runs have restarted:
– Tues/Thurs Runs @ 6.30pm from Castle Farm / @ 7pm from The Wardens Gates
– Saturday 8am Runs are from Abbey Fields Car Park
– Hills and Track are booked separately
Book Your Sessions via Doodle Poll – Link available via the FB Members Site or E-Mail
Menu
Home
About Us
About Us
How to Find Us
The Club Week
Testimonials
Committee
Membership / Join Us
Club Rules & Constitution
Privacy Policy
**JOIN US**
LATEST NEWS
Youth Section
Track
Club Events
Events Calendar
Club League Rules
Our Races
Kenilworth Runners Grand Prix 2020
Kenilworth Half Marathon
Mayday 10K
Hall of Fame
Club Top 10s – Men
Club Top 10s – Women
Weekly parkrun Results
Kit Shop
‘Couch to 5K’
Privacy Policy
(Kenilworth Runners) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, James Glover is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
What personal data we hold on you
You may give us information about you by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register with the Club, subscribe to our newsletter. The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, name of the EA affiliated Clubs with which you are registered and gender (Athletics Data). We may also ask for relevant health information which is classed as special category personal data.
Why we need your personal data
The reason we need your Athletics Data is to be able to administer your membership, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for.
Reasons we need to process your data include
For training and competition entry
sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions;sharing personal data with club team managers to enter events;sharing personal data with leagues, county associations (and county schools’ associations) and other competition providers for entry in events.
For funding and reporting purposes
sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority;analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends; andsending an annual club survey to improve your experience as a club member
For membership and club management
processing of membership forms and payments;sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events;club newsletter promoting club activity; andpublishing of race and competition results
Marketing and communications (where separate consent is provided)
sending information about promotions and offers from sponsors;sending information about selling club kit, merchandise or fundraising.
Any special category health data we hold on you is only processed for the purpose fitness/ health checks or passing health data to coaches to allow the safe running of training sessions.
We process this data on the lawful basis of consent. Therefore, we will also need your explicit consent to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it
On occasion we may collect personal data from non-members (e.g. such as any non-member participant who fills in a health disclaimer or form at a taster event)  information will be stored for [12 weeks after an event] and then destroyed securely. Our lawful basis for processing data is consent. Therefore, we will also need explicit consent from non-members to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
The club has the following social media pages [Facebook, Twitter, Instagram]. All members are free to join these pages. If you join one of the Social Media pages, please note that provider of the social media platform(s) have their own privacy policies and that the club do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages.
Who we share your personal data with
When you become a member of the Club, you will also automatically be registered as a member of England Athletics Limited. We will provide England Athletics Limited with your Athletics Data which they will use to enable access to the MyAthletics portal. England Athletics Limited will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your MyAthletics portal. You can set and amend your privacy settings from the MyAthletics portal. If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with England Athletics Limited, please contact dataprotection@englandathletics.org.]
The Club does not supply any personal data it holds for this purpose to any other third party. The Club does not store or transfer your personal data outside of the UK
How long we hold your personal data
We will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. Athlete data is updated every year on annual membership forms. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after four years of inactivity on that member’s account, in line with England Athletics Limited’s retention policy. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
Site Admin
Terms of Use - Privacy Policy