https://l2h3.co.uk/data-protection-and-privacy/
Skip to content
About Hashing & some links
The Word
General information & contacts
For Hares – tips and hints – please read….
Data protection and privacy
End of an era?
COVID
Recent Posts
Next L2H3 run
Past runs & photos
Future runs – we’re back in business!
L2H3 on Facebook
L2H3 on Facebook
Privacy, Data Protection and Looe Liskeard Hash House Harriers (L2H3)
L2H3 collects, generates, holds and uses small amounts of personal data. We operate within the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Data must be:
Processed fairly and lawfully
Processed for specified, lawful and compatible purposes
Adequate, relevant and not excessive
Accurate and up to date
Not kept longer than necessary
Processed in accordance with the rights of the individual
Processed with appropriate security
Not transferred abroad without an adequate level of protection
Registration?
Using the Information Commissioner’s Office self assessment tool we believe that we are a *not-for-profit organisation that qualifies for an exemption from Registration. *their definition “if your organisation was established for not-for-profit making purposes and does not make a profit. Also if your organisation makes a profit for its own purposes, as long as the profit is not used to enrich others.”
Privacy Policy
We do not collect, or pass on any information to third parties except when necessary to deliver L2H3 activities (EG making reservations for meals, trips and other events). We may save personal information on those attending our events for contact & emergency purposes only.
Introduction
The website is maintained by Looe Liskeard Hash House Harriers (L2H3).
For the purposes of data protection legislation, L2H3 is the data controller.
L2H3 is the owner of L2H3.org.uk and we are committed to protecting your privacy and processing your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This policy explains how the information we collect about you is used and kept securely. It also explains your privacy choices when using our website as well as your right to access your information under Data Protection Legislation.
Information we collect about you
We may collect the following information about you:
Your name, Hash name (when used), email address, postal address and any other information you voluntarily provide to us verbally or via our website, online and paper forms.
Information you voluntarily provide to us when you apply to become a member of L2H3 (e.g. date of birth, gender, email address, address, telephone number/s)
Information you voluntarily provide to us when you book/register for or participate in an event organised by us (e.g. date of birth, gender, email address, address, telephone numbers)
Your participation in and results of any events you take place in organised by us
Your IP address (which is a unique identifier that computers and devices use to identify and communicate with each other) which is automatically recognised by the web server
How we use your information
We may use your personal information for a number of purposes, including:
Training and event entry
To notify you about Hashing and Social Events
To share data with L2H3 officials to administer events
To share data with facility providers to manage access to L2H3 facilities or check delivery standards
Membership and L2H3 management
Processing of membership forms and payments
Share data with committee members to provide information about L2H3 activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events
Publishing of Hash and event results and reports on paper, online and via electronic media
To calculate eligibility for awards
Website management (including to use your IP address to monitor traffic and gather browsing behaviours of visitors to our website. We will not use your IP address to identify you in any way)
Sending our L2H3 newsletter to members
To deal with your requests and enquiries
To contact you for reasons related to your enquiry
Our legal bases for processing your information
We will process your Data on the basis of the following legitimate interests:
To enable us to carry out necessary administration relating to your membership of L2H3 or participation in L2H3 events and the related operation of L2H3 as a Hash.
To enable us to carry out necessary administration relating to, and operate, Hashes and events you enter organized by L2H3
To enable us to provide relevant and necessary information via email, text, post to you about your membership of L2H3 and/or Hashes and events organised by L2H3
Monitor use and conduct analytics on our website
We will NOT share your data with third parties for marketing purposes.
L2H3 may also share your personal information with the police and/or other law enforcement agencies for the purposes of crime prevention or detection. If we disclose your information, we will ask the organisation to demonstrate that the data will assist in the prevention or detection of crime, or that L2H3 is legally obliged to disclose it. This is done on a strictly case by case basis and through a tightly controlled process to ensure we comply with data protection legislation.
Protecting your information
The data that we collect from you may be transferred between Committee Members for the purposes of L2H3, Event and Membership Management. We will not transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area.
By (verbally, electronically or on paper) submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. The Internet is not generally a secure medium for communication and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of any information you send to us over the Internet.
L2H3’s “The Word”
We publish a weekly newsletter “The Word” detailing the L2H3’s activities. Individual Members and visitors may be identifiable in this publication.
Our websites L2H3.co.uk and the alias L2H3.wordpress.com
Our website contains information about Hashes and events plus guidance and information relevant to hashing. It includes photographs of participants on our Hashes. Individual Members and visitors may be identifiable.
Our Facebook page, L2H3
Our Facebook page contains information about Hashes and events plus guidance and information relevant to hashing. It includes photographs of participants on our Hashes. Individual Members and visitors may be identifiable.
Hash Directory
We have in the past published a Directory containing contact information for Hash members. Any future editions will obtain individual consent before Hashers are included.
Service and marketing messages
If you are currently receiving service messages or marketing communications from L2H3 and no longer wish to do so, please let us know by contacting us at hon-sec@l2h3.co.uk or on-tec@l2h3.co.uk.
Finding out what information L2H3 holds about you
We only record information necessary to run the L2H3. This includes membership details, contact details and your participation in our events. Under the data protection legislation, you can ask to see any personal information that we hold about you. Such requests are called subject access requests. If you would like to make a subject access request, please contact hon-sec@l2h3.co.uk or on-tec@l2h3.co.uk.
Data retention
Any personally identifiable data that we collect from you can be deleted upon written request. However, we are not able to delete the contents of emails already sent out to other mailing list subscribers, records of attendance at our events or photographs of you taking part in our activities.
Cookies
In this section you will find information on what cookies may be set when you visit the L2H3 website and how to manage and disable them.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a piece of text that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk in order to remember who you are. Cookies interact with your computer and our website faster and easier by remembering the registration details and preferences from previous visits. Typically, a cookie will contain the name of the website from which the cookie has come, the lifetime of the cookie and a value. The use of cookies does not give us access to the rest of your computer and only the site that created the cookie can read it.
Automatically collected access information
Essential technical information: identification of the page or service you are requesting, type of browser and operating system you are using; and the date and time of access.
Non-essential technical information: the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our web site, and the “cookie information” described below.
By continuing to use this site you consent to the relevant cookies being set on your device.
We use the following types of cookies
Session cookies – these are temporary cookies that remain in the internet browser’s folder of your computer until you close the browser. Our website uses a session cookie which is stored in your browser until you close it to ensure connections to our servers are distributed evenly to provide optimal performance.
Persistent/Permanent cookies – these remain in the internet browser’s folder of your computer for longer than the time you are visiting this website.
Can I opt out of cookies?
L2H3 will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. You can restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites by accessing your Internet browser settings. The ’Help’ function within your browser should tell you how. For general information about cookies and how to disable them, please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org or http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website, for instance being able to log into your account or use eCommerce facilities.
For information on how to manage cookies on a mobile phone, games console or internet-enabled television, you should refer to the operations manual specific to each device. To opt out of any third-parties using cookies where data about your interaction with our website is collected, please refer to their website for this information.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Updates to our Privacy Policy will appear on this page when necessary. This Privacy Policy was last updated in December 2019.  If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please see a Committee Member or email us at hon-sec@l2h3.co.uk or on-tec@l2h3.co.uk.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
%d bloggers like this: