http://lasvegastrackclub.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyLVTC Admin2020-01-19T13:28:35-08:00
Our Commitment to Privacy – The Las Vegas Track Club Privacy Policy
Updated January 2020
The Las Vegas Track Club (LVTC) is the sole owner of the information collected on its sites and through other means. We will not sell, share, rent, or otherwise disclose this information to other parties other than as disclosed in this statement. LVTC collects information from our members and website users in a variety of ways.
The LVTC website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that LVTC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our users to take appropriate precautions when leaving our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the LVTC.
What information is collected from you and how it is used
No registration is required to read the public parts of the LVTC web site. Only duly authorized staff or a representative of the LVTC may post information or materials on the LVTC public website. Only authorized staff,volunteers, and dues paying members may access the private LVTC sections of the website.  Only LVTC staff may post materials there. LVTC collects information from our users at several different points throughout our website and from other sources. This section describes these points of collection.
Membership Registration
In order to become a member of the LVTC, interested parties must first complete a membership registration form. During registration an applicant is required to give contact information such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address for all households involved in a club or management of an event. For members seeking club or event membership status, this information is used to verify adequate insurance coverage for clubs and events and to create a membership database so we may contact members about topics pertaining to the LVTC.  For club and event memberships, the LVTC captures and maintains information about the official representative of an organization, including name, email, mailing address, as well as information about the organization. All information is required unless otherwise stated on the membership form. This privacy policy governs both members who apply online or otherwise. Individual members that are not directly a member of a club or event are required to give information such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. This information is used to create our membership database so we may contact members about topics pertaining to the LVTC.  All credit card payments processed through the membership system and done via PayPal  The LVTC is an approved nonprofit client of PayPal, and all required documentation is on file with their company. Review the PayPal privacy policy.
Individuals that are no longer the official representative of their organization, may request to be permanently deleted from the LVTC database by providing a signed affidavit verifying their identity and requesting that their personal information be permanently deleted from the LVTC’s membership database and Constant Contact account or any other online accounts the LVTC may use to contact or store specific information about the individual.  The request and affidavit verifying identity should be mailed or email to admin@lvtc.org.
Event Registration
In order to register for an event hosted by the LVTC through the LVTC website, an individual is required to give contact information such as name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, as well as other information about him or her, including, but not limited to age, sex, qualifying mark(s), etc.
Donations
The LVTC is committed to protecting our donors’ privacy. Our donors expect that we will use their support wisely. We value our donors’ trust, and we recognize that maintaining this trust requires us to be transparent and accountable to our supporters and the public at all times.  The LVTC collects, uses, and discloses personal information only for certain purposes that are identified to the donor. We may use information to establish and manage our relationship with a donor.  We obtain relevant personal information about donors lawfully and fairly.  The main uses for this information involves raising money to reach our goals, to process gifts, and return appropriate receipts and thank you letters in accordance with IRS regulations. We will occasionally release a list of our donors in order to publicly recognize and thank them for support of our organization. In such cases, other organizations and third parties will have access to our donor names and in some cases donation amounts.
The LVTC does not sell, trade, or rent the information and contents of active donor files to others. The LVTC does not share donor e-mail addresses to third parties.  The LVTC only uses and discloses personal information with donor permission. Donor permission can be in writing or implied, either verbally and/or electronically. A donor may withdraw permission to collect, use, and disclose personal information at any time by giving the LVTC reasonable notice, subject to legal or contractual obligations. A donor may opt out of sharing of any information, including name and address, by emailing the Executive Director at admin@lvtc.org.  When a donor has communicated a desire to opt out of the disclosure of his or her information, the LVTC will not include the donor’s data to another organization or third party.
The personal information in our possession shall be kept accurate and up-to-date. Donors may always correct their personal information if they believe that our records are not correct. If a donor feels that any of our information about them is inaccurate or incomplete, the donor has the right to ask us to change it or delete it. If a donor’s personal information is wrong in any way, the LVTC will make the required changes.
The LVTC maintains donor information from individuals and organizations in its membership database. An individual donor may request to be permanently deleted from the LVTC database by providing a signed affidavit verifying their identity and requesting that their personal information be permanently deleted from the LVTC’s membership database and Constant Contact account or any other online accounts the LVTC may use to contact or store specific information about the individual.
The LVTC uses PayPal to process all credit card donations including donations received via the online membership system. The LVTC is an approved nonprofit client of PayPal with all required documentation on file with their company. Review the PayPal privacy policy.
Newsletters
If a user subscribes to our newsletter(s), print or digital, we ask for contact information such as name, address, and e-mail address. This contact information is managed by the LVTC according to this privacy policy.  The LVTC uses Constant Contact to house our email list and for sending emails to our email subscribers, members, and other contacts that we have legally obtained.  The LVTC does not sell its email list to third parties.  All recipients of the emailed newsletter may unsubscribe using the feature offered by our provider.  Review the Constant Contact privacy policy.
Orders
The LVTC uses WooCommerce and PayPal for a user to purchase program materials and for LVTC to fulfill orders.  All orders are fulfilled in the LVTC Office by LVTC staff members.  A user must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is used to fulfill users’ orders and process payment. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer. Customers’ names and addresses may be shared with third parties as necessary to process, fulfill, or ship orders. Financial information is never shared inside or outside our organization, except as necessary to process the order.  Review the PayPal Privacy Policy.
Security
No sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), is collected by the LVTC website. As outlined above, the LVTC does partner with reputable third-party, internet commerce sites that may collect donations, individual member data, revenue, or sell merchandize or services. These parties are solely responsible for the content and security of their site. The LVTC is not responsible for the security of these sites, however the LVTC makes every effort to select reputable service provides.. Please review the privacy policies of these third-party providers as outlined above.  All of our users’ information is restricted in our national office. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our accountant or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our office, you can send an email to the LVTC office at admin@lvtc.org.
Contests and Surveys
From time to time, we may request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these contests or surveys is completely voluntary, and thus the user has a choice about whether or not to disclose the information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the operations of the LVTC. Information from these contests and surveys may be combined with other information we have about you.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use (e.g. statistics). IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information
Cookies
Our website stores cookies on your computer to ensure that we give you the best online experience. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media.
The LVTC website uses cookies solely for navigation control within forums, opinion polls and error reporting. No identifying data is collected through cookies.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information about our website users with users, partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Other Collection Points
We may also collect information from people through other means such as on the telephone, by e-mail, by fax, on paper, and in person. This privacy policy governs the use and disclosure of that information as well.
With whom the information may be shared and other kinds of disclosures
The LVTC will occasionally share information with other LVTC entities and third parties. This section describes what information we share and with whom.
Sharing with LVTC entities
LVTC Members receive reports about members of the organization, including name, address, phone, e-mail address, etc. This information is used to contact members about general-interest matters and specialized topics in the same manner as described above. LVTC Members occasionally shares aggregated demographic information with their board, members, partners and advertisers. Again, this is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
LVTC affiliated clubs, events, and allied organizations utilizing the 501(c)3 nonprofit exemption status are required to adopt and abide by the National LVTC Privacy Policy. Certain LVTC members may have their own privacy policies. These may be more restrictive, but should never be less restrictive, than the national policy. The national LVTC policy supersedes any LVTC member’s policy if the member’s policy is less restrictive. If a member’s policy is more restrictive than the national policy, then the LVTC respects the member’s policy unless it prohibits the submission of bona fide names and address for the purposes of membership. This contact information is required as a condition of membership.
Sharing with non-LVTC third parties
LVTC occasionally enters into partnerships with other organizations with other running/track & field/ and health & fitness organizations or companies. The partnerships may be developed to receive or provide services to such organizations. When LVTC provides the services or collects information for partners, this privacy statement will govern the use of such information for the partnership unless otherwise stipulated in a contractual arrangement that is more restrictive than this policy.
When someone signs up for an event of an LVTC member, the necessary information (name, address, age) is shared with the event personnel. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of entering the person in the event. However, this information may be used to create programs and other documents which may include the individual’s name, home city and state, age, etc. LVTC has advised event personnel that if they plan to use this information for purposes other than entering a person in the event, they must notify the individuals at the time of collection and the individual will have the option of being excluded from use for such other purposes.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, an outside printing company to print certain publications, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies are directed not to retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose.
We occasionally share aggregated demographic information with our corporate sponsors, suppliers, partners, and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We will occasionally make our comprehensive club mailing list available to third parties through a mailing list service. The LVTC maintains rights over the list and has the full authority to determine who has access to the list. The mailing list only contains the postal mailing address of the members and the member’s names. It does not contain any personally identifiable information.  It does not contain emails.
From time to time, we also provide or are contractually obligated to provide postal or e-mail lists to LVTC corporate sponsors, suppliers, or other partners for the specific purpose of fulfilling a partnership agreement or offering discounts or perquisites, which we think might be of interest to our members. These companies or organizations are contractually obligated not to use these mailing lists for any other purposes or to disclose them to any third party. Members may opt out of inclusion in such lists by writing or emailing to the LVTC Office.
We will also share information to prevent fraud, to respond to a legal process, or as otherwise required by law.
Other kinds of disclosures of personal information
LVTC Officers, employees, Club Officers, as well as LVTC Committee members, Sub-Committee members, and LVTC Board members, may have their name, address, fax number, phone number, and e-mail (work and/or home for each) listed both on the website and in print for contact purposes. Any person who accepts an official position with LVTC agrees to have his/her contact information made available to LVTC’s members and the public, unless requested otherwise. The LVTC is required to share contact information on all LVTC officers and LVTC affiliate club officers with the internal revenue service.
Some individuals may have their biographies posted on the LVTC website or otherwise published by the LVTC. These people agree to have certain information about them communicated to the public, including, but not limited to, name, home city and state, age, educational background, etc.
Children
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, we adhere to the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). The LVTC does not collect contact information on children under the age of 18 years.
We avoid collecting more information than necessary when offering children’s activities. The LVTC may maintain a database of children’s running programs, but the contact information collected will be for the adults over 18 years of age responsible for organizing said programs. We also follow strict rules when sending email to minors.
Security Procedures
LVTC complies will all applicable federal and state laws and regulations governing security procedures and breach of security procedures. This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, the information is protected both on- and off-line.
We make every reasonable effort to protect users’ information on-line and off-line. Access to users’ information is restricted in our organization. Only those employees who need the information to perform their job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Choice and opting in/out
Members will receive communications from the LVTC and other as referenced in this privacy policy. Members may opt in or out of various communications by emailing admin@lvtc.org and request non-mailing status.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a member’s information changes (such as a zip code), or if clubs withdraw from the LVTC, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that club’s data provided to us. This can usually be done utilizing the online facilities provided on the LVTC website or by emailing the LVTC office.
Notification of Changes
If LVTC changes its privacy policy, we will post a notice of the change on the homepage of our website for at least seven days so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point LVTC decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, users will have a choice whether to consent to such use. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
A link to the privacy policy will always be posted on the homepage of the LVTC website or a copy can be obtained by emailing or writing to the LVTC office.
To comply with some government regulations, we're letting you know that this site uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. You can learn more by reading our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Go to Top