https://lasvegastrackclub.com/legal-notice
Skip to content
Legal Notice
Legal NoticeLVTC Admin2020-01-19T13:44:59-08:00
Legal Notice
Copyright Notice
All Contents © Las Vegas Track Club. All Rights Reserved.
The contents of all material available on this Internet site are copyrighted by the Las Vegas Track Club unless otherwise indicated. All rights are reserved by the Las Vegas Track Club, and content may not be reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published, or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of the Las Vegas Track Club, or as indicated below. Readers may download pages or other content for their own use, consistent with the mission and purpose of the Las Vegas Track Club. However, no part of such content, including email addresses posted on this site, may be otherwise or subsequently reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, published, or transferred, in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of, and with express attribution to the Las Vegas Track Club. Copyright infringement is a violation of federal law subject to criminal and civil penalties.
Trademark Notice
Las Vegas Track Club and LVTC are registered trademarks of the organization.  The LVTC logo is a registered trademark of the organization and may only be used by dues paying club, event, event management company members, affiliate, and corporate members to inform their audiences that their organization is a member of the LVTC.  No company or individual may use the LVTC name or logo or a variance of the name or logo to promote a product, service, or affiliation beyond membership without express written consent of by a duly authorized representative of the LVTC.  LVTC also has the registered trademarks for other program names and logos.  LVTC members may use the program names and logos as a means of assisting the LVTC in promoting the programs and the LVTC program mission and goals.
Legal Notice and Disclaimer
The information contained herein is provided to the Las Vegas Track Club by the Las Vegas Track Club members and nonmembers. While the Las Vegas Track Club makes every effort to present accurate and reliable information on this Internet site, the Las Vegas Track Club does not endorse, approve, or certify such information, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of such information. Use of such information is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after and independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and timeliness. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Las Vegas Track Club.
The Las Vegas Track Club (including its employees and agents) assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from the use of the information herein, or from use of the information obtained at linked Internet addresses, or in any respect for the content of such information, including (but not limited to) errors or omissions, the accuracy or reasonableness of factual or scientific assumptions, studies or conclusions, the defamatory nature of statements, ownership of copyright or other intellectual property rights, and the violation of property, privacy, or personal rights of others. The Las Vegas Track Club is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on such information. No guarantees or warranties, including (but not limited to) any express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose, are made by the Las Vegas Track Club with respect to such information.
Third Party Postings
In addition to the Legal Notice and Disclaimer above, public and or private sections provided on the Las Vegas Track Club Internet site for third party posting are not pre-screened or regularly reviewed for content by the Las Vegas Track Club its employees or agents. Authors and posters of material are solely responsible for its content. The Las Vegas Track Club reserves the right to remove any postings at any time.
Links to Other Internet Sites
In addition to the Legal Notice and Disclaimer above, at certain places on this the Las Vegas Track Club Internet site, live ‘links’ to other Internet addresses can be accessed. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of the Las Vegas Track Club. The Las Vegas Track Club does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external Internet addresses and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses. Use of any information obtained from such addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy, and timeliness. Reference therein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Las Vegas Track Club.
To comply with some government regulations, we're letting you know that this site uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site, you're agreeing to our use of cookies. You can learn more by reading our Privacy Policy.
Accept
Go to Top