https://laurellanecountryclub.com/policy/
COVID19 -Guidelines
SUBSCRIBE -News&Promotions!
Laurel Lane Country Club | PUBLIC Golf Course, West Kingston, RI 02892
Best Value Public Golf in Southern RI
TEE TIMES
PLAY GOLF
Golf Rates
Golf Tournament Schedule & Events
Scorecard
Golf Memberships
Golf Leagues
Golf Lessons
Golfer Safety / Course Policies
SPECIALS
PLAN YOUR EVENT
Golf Tournaments & Outings
Weddings & Receptions
Special Events & Catering
RUDY’S Bar&Grille
SHOP
NEWS
CONTACT
Privacy Policy:
All entities DBA/Laurel Lane Country Club (“Laurel Lane Country Club“) operates LaurelLaneCountryClub.com and may operate other websites. It is Laurel Lane Country Club’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Laurel Lane Country Club collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Laurel Lane Country Club’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Laurel Lane Country Club’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Laurel Lane Country Club may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Laurel Lane Country Club also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on LaurelLaneCountryClub.com blogs/sites. Laurel Lane Country Club only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Laurel Lane Country Club’s websites choose to interact with Laurel Lane Country Club in ways that require Laurel Lane Country Club to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Laurel Lane Country Club gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at LaurelLaneCountryClub.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Laurel Lane Country Club are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Laurel Lane Country Club collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Laurel Lane Country Club. Laurel Lane Country Club does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Laurel Lane Country Club may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Laurel Lane Country Club may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Laurel Lane Country Club does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Laurel Lane Country Club discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Laurel Lane Country Club’s behalf or to provide services available at Laurel Lane Country Club’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Laurel Lane Country Club’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Laurel Lane Country Club will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Laurel Lane Country Club discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Laurel Lane Country Club believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Laurel Lane Country Club, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Laurel Lane Country Club website and have supplied your email address, Laurel Lane Country Club may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Laurel Lane Country Club and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Laurel Lane Country Club takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Laurel Lane Country Club uses cookies to help Laurel Lane Country Club identify and track visitors, their usage of Laurel Lane Country Club website, and their website access preferences. Laurel Lane Country Club visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Laurel Lane Country Club’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Laurel Lane Country Club’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Laurel Lane Country Club, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Laurel Lane Country Club goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Laurel Lane Country Club may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. We are a family owned business and plan on keeping it that way at this time.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Laurel Lane Country Club and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Although we do not welcome third party advertisers on our site, this verbiage is required as part of our privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Laurel Lane Country Club may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Laurel Lane Country Club’s sole discretion. Laurel Lane Country Club encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a LaurelLaneCountryClub.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Back to top
Contact Us: Laurel Lane Country Club
309 Laurel Lane
West Kingston, RI 02892
PHONE:
(401) 783-3844
Hours: Golf Course & Driving Range:
8AM – Dusk
RUDY’S Bar&Grille:
Indoor/Outdoor Dining by Reservation ONLY (see Covid Mandate)
Winter Hours: November 12th-
Thurs,Fri,Sat 10:30AM-8PM
Sun 11AM-5PM
Golf Course, Driving Range and Rudy’s Closed Thanksgiving & Christmas Day