https://leannaturalbeef.com/terms-and-conditions/
(575)-403-6904
info@leannaturalbeef.com
0 Items
Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the https://www.leannaturalbeef.com website.
JX Cattle Company, LLC, DBA JX Ranch Natural Beef for the purpose of selling grass-fed beef.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Purchases If you wish to purchase any products or services made available through the Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your name, phone number, address and credit card information.
Privacy Policy Customer information is collected for the purpose of processing your order. This information is kept confidential and is not shared.
Refund/Return Policy Due to the perishable nature of our product, we do not offer returns or refunds for purchases of retail cuts and/or beef packs.
Deposits made for custom cut beef orders and canceled two months or more prior to first butcher date will be fully refunded if we can find a replacement buyer. No refund on deposits if cancellation is less than two month out. Once the steer is butchered, buyer is responsible for the balance due on the beef.
Links To Other Web Sites Our Service may contain links to third ­party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by JX Ranch Natural Beef. JX Ranch Natural Beef has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that JX Ranch Natural Beef shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.