https://leicestercc.com/privacy-terms-and-conditions/
Home
Leicester Country Club
Privacy & Terms and Conditions
Privacy & Terms and Conditions
This Privacy and Terms Of Conditions notice discloses the practices for Leicester Country Club dba Leicestercc.com and Worcester-wedding.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by these web site(s). It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. At Leicester Country Club, we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. request information or to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 508-892-1390 or via email at info@leicestercc.com.
Scroll to top
Accessibility
B&C
Contrasts Dark
Contrasts White
Stop Movement
Readable Font
Underline Links
A
A
A
cancel accessibility
Accessibility Statement
Accessibility Statement
Leicester Country Club strives to ensure that its services are accessible to people with disabilities. We have invested significant resources to help make our website easier to use and more accessible for people with disabilities, with the strong belief that every person has the right to live with dignity, equality, comfort and independence
Accessibility
The Leicester Country Club website uses an accessibility widget powered by a dedicated accessibility server. This software allows the site to improve its compliance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.0).
Enabling the Accessibility Menu
The accessibility menu may be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon on the corner of each page. After triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for it to load.
Disclaimer
Leicester Country Club continues its efforts to constantly improve the accessibility of its site and services in the belief that it is our collective moral obligation to allow seamless, accessible and unhindered use for people with disabilities. Despite our efforts to make all pages and content on fully accessible, some content may not have yet been fully adapted to the strictest accessibility standards. This may be a result of not having found or identified the most appropriate technological solution.
Were Here For You
If you are experiencing difficulty with any content on our web site or require assistance with any part of our site, please contact us at; sales@leicestercc.com
Updated: January, 2020
Provided by: