https://leytonswimmingclub.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement | Leyton Swimming Club
Skip to content
Training sessions are suspended. Please cancel you standing orders
Club Info
Child Protection
Club rules
SwimMark
Club Records
Our history
Order a Personalised Shirt
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
News & Results
When, Where, How
Galas & Leagues
Thinking of Joining?
Upcoming Events
Privacy Statement
Who we are
We’re Leyton Swimming Club, and our website address is: http://leytonswimmingclub.co.uk. We are an independent club, affliated to Swim England, the national governing body for swimming in England
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We gather very little if any personal data from traffic to this website.  If you have an account and you log in to this site (which you probably won’t unless you are an adminstrator), we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you use website functions such as ordering a T-shirt, we record the information for that purpose only.
Trial and membership information
If you sign up for our trial sessions, you will fill in a form where we ask for your personal details including your name  and contact details (and those of your parents/emergency contacts if you are under 18). This information is vital to the safe running of the club and forms part of the agreement between you and the club to take part in sessions. We also ask about your swimming level so we can match your level with the best sessions.
If you decide to become a member of the club, we’ll ask you to fill in another form that contains similar details, and for details of any relevant medical conditions that we should know about and again form part of the membership agreement between you and the club.
We use this contact information only to distribute information about swimming club sessions, gala times, gala results and other club administration.
The Club may wish to take photographs of individual and groups of swimmers under the age of 18 that may include your child during their membership of the Club. All photographs will be taken and published in line with the Swim England (formerly ASA) Photography Policy. The Club requires parental consent to take and use all photographs. Parents have a right to refuse agreement to their child being photographed. As the parent or carer please indicate your permission below. Please note: you can withdraw your consent in writing to the Club Welfare Officer at any time should you wish to.
Who we share your data with
Taking part in galas requires that you become a member of Swim England (formerly ASA) and we pass on your name and contact details to Swim England to facilitate this. If you take part in a gala, we’ll also pass your name to the gala organisers.
Once you are a member of Swim England, your personal information that they hold is bound by their policies.
We don’t share your data with any other organisations without your explicit consent.
How long we retain your data
Trail registration forms are destroyed within 1 year of your signing up.
Membership information is retained while you are a member and destroyed one year after your membership lapses.
Order information for T-shirts etc. is destroyed after the order has been fulfilled.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for core administrative purposes. Please help us keep your information correct and up-to-date.
If you would like request your data or amend it, please contact the membership secretary.
Additional information
How we protect your data
In the main data is held on paper files, securely kept in a committee members house. Emergency contact details for swimmers may be kept on authorised coach’s phones where the committee is satisfied that the phone has been reasonably secured with a passscode and the ability to remote wipe in the event of loss.
Search for:
Upcoming Galas (Click for details)No eventsCick to see all galas
Recent News & Results
We’re suspending all training sessions
17th March 2020
Christmas break & membership fees
8th December 2019
Mini League Champions 2019
14th October 2019
Mini League Champions 2018
15th October 2018
Mini Champions 2017
17th October 2017
Our affiliations…
Iconic One Theme | Powered by Wordpress