http://lfctoronto.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
LFCTORONTO.COM Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Toronto Branch of the Liverpool FC Supporters Club (herein “LFC Toronto”) respects your privacy.
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of LFC Toronto.
Credit card details
LFC Toronto will never ask for Credit Card details online and requests that you do not enter it on any of the forms on LFC Toronto.
External Sites
LFC Toronto is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and may be used to allow LFC Toronto to recognize you each time you visit this site (customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and LFC Toronto does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.
Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to LFC Toronto and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through LFC Toronto have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
LFC Toronto reserves the right to change this privacy policy without notice. Please check in regularly to make sure you are aware of our current privacy policy.
For any other information, please email us at info@lfctoronto.com
Search for:
Recent Posts
Relive the Reds 4-3 win over Man City
John Barnes in Toronto
Member of the Month: Donna Q
Copyright © 2020