https://livetotri.co.uk/london/privacy-policy/
Limelight Sports Ltd licenses, manages and delivers the London Triathlon. This policy sets out how we will process and protect the personal data that you provide to us or that we collect from you. 1. Introduction1.1 We are Limelight Sports Ltd (referred to as we, us and our in this Privacy Policy), a company incorporated in England with company registration number 03700632 and whose registered office address is C/O Cox Costello & Horne 4th & 5th Floor, 14-15 Lower Grosvenor Place, London, England, SW1W 0EX.1.2 The information set out in this Privacy Policy is provided to individuals whose personal data we process (you or your) as data controller, in compliance with our obligations under Articles 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR).1.3 To make this information clear, we have divided the data we receive into the following groups and corresponding Schedules, each of which refers to: the particular category of information we collect and retain; from where we obtain the information; the purpose and legal basis of processing and to whom we will (if applicable) disclose the information (click on the Schedules below to read more):Schedule 1Data about our clients and sponsors (including directors, shareholders, consultants, employees or other personnel of our clients and sponsors)Schedule 2Data about event participantsSchedule 3Data about website visitors, newsletter subscribers and other individuals in respect of whom we have acquired personal information in connection with any products or services offered by usSchedule 4Data about our suppliers and supplier personnelSchedule 5Data about individuals who apply for employment, work experience or volunteer roles with usSchedule 6Data about our directors and staff, and former directors and staff and other individuals who spend time with us (such as consultants and secondees)1.4 Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal data provided by any clients or sponsors, as we are not the data controller in respect of any such personal data. The data controller in these cases will be the relevant client or sponsor with which we have entered into contractual or other arrangements.If you are a participant and have any queries regarding the use of your personal data or wish to access your personal data, you should contact the relevant data controller directly (or contact us, and we will try to assist with directing you to the relevant person).2. Data controller detailsWe are the data controller in relation to the processing of the personal information that you provide to us.Our contact details are as follows:Limelight SportsThe London Triathlon30 Stamford StreetLondonSE1 9PYlondontriathlon@limelightsports.com (please include “Personal Data Request” in your subject heading to ensure it receives the correct attention).3. International transfersWe will not transfer personal data relating to you to a country which is outside the European Economic Area (EEA) unless:3.1 the country or recipient is covered by an adequacy decision of the Commission under GDPR Article 45;3.2 appropriate safeguards have been put in place which meet the requirements of GDPR Article 46 (for example using the European Commission’s Standard Model Clauses for transfers of personal data outside the EEA); or3.3 one of the derogations for specific situations under GDPR Article 49 is applicable to the transfer.  These include (in summary):The transfer is necessary to perform, or to form, a contract to which we are a party:With you; orWith a third party where the contract is in your interests;The transfer is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;You have provided your explicit consent to the transfer; orThe transfer is of a limited nature, and is necessary for the purpose of our compelling legitimate interests.4. Retention of personal dataOur retention and deletion policy can be found in Schedule 7. 5. Your rights in respect of your personal data5.1 You have certain rights under existing data protection laws, including the right to (upon written request) access a copy of your personal data that we are processing. In accordance with the GDPR:You have the following rights:Right to access: the right to request certain information about, access to and copies of the personal information about you that we are holding (please note that you are entitled to request one copy of the personal information that we hold about you at no cost, but for any further copies, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee based on administration costs); andRight to rectification: the right to have your personal information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete; andIn certain circumstances, you also have the following rights: Right to erasure/“right to be forgotten”: the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of the data (if the legal basis for processing is based on your consent) and the right to request that we delete or erase your personal information from our systems (however, this will not apply if we are required to hold on to the information for compliance with any legal obligation or if we require the information to establish or defend any legal claim);Right to restriction of use of your information: the right to stop us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it;Right to data portability: the right to request that we return any information you have provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or that we send it directly to another company, where technically feasible; andRight to object: the right to object to our use of your personal information including where we use it for our legitimate interests or for marketing purposes.5.2 Please note that if you withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information for purposes set out in our Privacy Policy, we may not be able to carry out our contractual obligations to you or provide you with access to all or certain parts of our services.5.3 If you consider our use of your personal information to be unlawful, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office. Please see further information on their website: www.ico.org.uk.  6. Security6.1 We keep your information protected by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures to guard against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage. For example:Where appropriate, data is encrypted when transiting on our system or stored on our databases; We have implemented safeguards in relation to access and confidentiality in order to protect the information held within our systems; and We frequently carry out risk assessments and audits to monitor and review threats and vulnerabilities to our systems to prevent fraud.6.2 However, while we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information which is transmitted via an internet or similar connection. It is important that all details of any username, password and/or other identification information created to access our servers are kept confidential by you and should not be disclosed to or shared with anyone. 7. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, for example to keep it up to date, to implement minor technical adjustments and improvements or to comply with legal requirements. We will always update this Privacy Policy on our website, so please try to read it when you visit the website (the “last updated” reference tells you when we last updated our Privacy Policy). Last updated: 12 October 2018
Related PagesBikeIt is your responsibility to bring a bike that is road worthy and complies with the BTF rules (visit www.britishtriathlon.org for more information). A key rule is that no outside assistance is allowed. You should therefore come equipped to fix your own bike eg. punctures. We also recommend you have your bike serviced before race day. Our official retailer, Tri UK, will be present to sort out any minor problems, but may not have spares for all bikes. Please note that charges may apply.THE BIKE COURSEAlways cycle on the left hand side and beware of competitors overtaking you on the right. Please pay attention to the marshals instructions at all times and note marshals CANNOT count laps for you. It is your responsibility to count your own laps and know the route. The bike course can get very slippery when wet.*Please make sure your kit is labelled so it can be identified!*DRAFTINGNo drafting is allowed, i.e. taking shelter behind or beside another competitor during the cycling leg of the race.The bicycle draft zone will be 10 metres long measured from the leading edge of the front wheel. A competitor may enter the draft zone of another competitor. Competitors may enter the draft zone of another competitor for the purpose of overtaking, but must be seen to be progressing through that zone. A maximum of 20 seconds is allowed to pass through the draft zone of another competitor. If an overtaking manoeuvre is not completed within 20 seconds the overtaking cyclist must drop back. When a competitor is passed by other competitors, it is his/her responsibility to move out of the draft zone of the overtaking competitor within 5 seconds. Failure to do so may result in an official caution or time penalty. A competitor is passed when another competitor’s front wheel is ahead of his / her front wheel.*Motorcycle and static BTF Referees will patrol the course to enforce the no drafting rule.*BLOCKINGCompetitors must keep to the left side of the course and not create a blocking incident. Blocking is where a competitor who is behind cannot pass due to the leading competitor being poorly placed on the course. TRANSITION BIKE TO RUN (T2)Once you return to Transition after the bike phase please make sure you return your bike to the same position it was in at the start of the race....SwimSWIM START Having collected and attached your timing chip and racked your bike you should arrive at Swim Assembly a minimum of 20 minutes before your wave start time. At Swim Assembly, you will be given a swim cap, which identifies your wave start. You will also be given some important last minute tips and advice. You may be in the water for up to 5 minutes before your start. Use this time to assess the conditions, practice your swim technique and prepare mentally for the race. THE SWIM COURSEThe swim course will be marked by buoys and canoe lifeguards will be on hand to guide the wave. You should identify tall landmarks that can keep you on course, to avoid weaving and swimming further than you need to! In open water swims there is no push off the wall every 25 meters, so practice swimming the race distance with no push offs prior to race day. SWIM EXITThe Swim Exit pontoon dips into the water so you can swim onto it before standing up. Lifeguards will be on hand to help you out. Once you have exited the water you will need to remove your wetsuit, place it in a bag provided, and cover a short distance on foot to Transition. Please make sure you are wearing something underneath!*Be careful going up the steps to transition, as they can get wet.* THE ROYAL VICTORIA DOCKThe water is tested against EU bathing standards; however, we would still advise you to be in good health and to avoid swallowing the water, as swimmers may be more susceptible to infection through immune suppression. SWIM SAFETYIf this is your first triathlon, or swimming is not your strongest discipline, we recommend you position yourself towards the back or the side of the wave. It may add a few seconds to your time, but it will enable you to get into your rhythm and enjoy the swim more.*If you do get into difficulty, lie on your back and raise your arm; a canoe lifeguard will come to you and if necessary arrange a safety boat to take you to the water’s edge.* SWIM STROKESMost people use front crawl or breaststroke. Backstroke is not permitted because it can be confused with someone indicating they are in difficulty.*Goggles are compulsory* TRANSITION SWIM TO BIKEMake sure you know your route through Transition when switching between disciplines. Getting lost in Transition will add seconds or minutes to your finish time....Team RelayEntering as a Team Relay is a great introduction to triathlon. The concept is simple: 1 person swims, 1 person bikes and 1 person runs, in turn. The ‘baton’ (timing chip) is passed between team mates in transition. Then all team members can meet at the ‘team meeting point’ to cross the finish line together. Team Relay is a great way to take on a triathlon with friends or family. At London Tri you can choose to enter as a Team Relay, either taking on an Olympic or Sprint distance triathlon.
REGISTER A TEAM RELAY FOR LONDON
ACCENTURE MIXED TEAM RELAYIn an all-new addition to the AJ Bell London Triathlon for 2018, we are excited to introduce the Accenture Mixed Team Relay Challenge. The Accenture Mixed Team Challenge holds true to the principals of mixed relay, providing people with the opportunity to take part in an inclusive, mixed gender and fun team activity. The event series has teamwork at its heart and offers the opportunity for both beginner and seasoned triathletes to team up and compete for top prizes.
REGISTER FOR THE ACCENTURE MIXED TEAM RELAY
TEAM RELAY RULES
CHIP COLLECTIONComplete and bring the enclosed team registration form to Chip Collection when you collect your timing chip on race day. The timing chip acts like a relay baton and must be transferred to the next person after each leg.SWIMThe swimmer must wear the timing chip on their ankle. When they exit the water (having removed their wetsuit) they make their way to where the bike is racked in transition, where they pass their timing chip on to the cyclist in the team.BIKEThe cyclist must wear the big race number on the back of their vest and have the stickers correctly attached to their bike and helmet. The cyclist must wait at their bike, which must remain racked until they have been tagged by the swimmer and secured the chip to their ankle. Once tagged they must securely fasten their helmet and only then should they remove their bike from the rack. Upon returning to transition, cyclists must first rack their bike, then remove their helmet and only then tag their teammate and hand over the chip.RUNThe runner must wear their race number on the front of their vest and must attach the chip to their ankle and only then begin the run section.TEAM MEETING POINTIf you want your finish photo with your relay teammates, make sure you work out a rough time for your runner and arrange to catch your runner for the last 100m dash to the finish together. You can see where the team meeting point is on the map of the ExCeL. You will need your ‘Team Meeting Point’ wristbands in order to gain access to this area. ...Getting ThereDIRECTIONS TO EXCEL Arrive at ExCeL at least 90 minutes before your start timeThe event takes place in and around ExCeL Exhibition Centre, Royal Victoria Dock, London E16 1XL, www.excel-london.co.uk.
BY CARExCeL is accessed from the A13 but this will be particularly busy on race days because of the road closures in operation.The A13 can be reached from central London, Blackwall and Rotherhithe Tunnels, the A406 North Circular, M25 and M11. ExCeL Parking is signed from both Gallions Reach roundabout (from the East) and Canning Town (from the West).Please check for any weekend roadworks that may affect these routes.*Be sure to plan your journey carefully, roads will be closed for racing during the weekend.* VENUE PARKINGThe West entrance to ExCeL has a 1.9m height restriction. Please navigate to the East entrance if you transport your bike on a roof rack or if you have a high or wide vehicle.All parking at ExCeL is charged at a daily rate of £20 which is payable via Pay and Display tickets which are available for purchase within the car parks. Alternatively, you can purchase your tickets in advance by clicking here. *Plan to arrive (at least) 90 minutes before your start time to avoid being late for your race.* PUBLIC TRANSPORTNearest Stations are:Canning Town (Jubilee Line) 1.6 miles from ExCeL.Stratford 3.5 miles from ExCeL.West Ham 1.8 miles from ExCeL.Prince Regent DLR 0.1 miles from ExCeL. IMPORTANT TRAVEL INFORMATIONBikes are allowed on the DLR off-peak and at weekends but are limited to a maximum of two bikes per set of doors. For more information, click here. Due to these limitations, and in light of the number of competitors taking part in the triathlon over the weekend, we recommend that competitors with bicycles either cycle to the event or travel by car.*Essential engineering works are unavoidable so please be sure to check the Transport for London website: www.tfl.gov.uk for any travel information before the day to avoid delays.* UPON ARRIVAL YOU SHOULD:Follow signs to the Race Pack pick up in the South Hall – entrance door S7.Remember you will require your photo ID and BTF membership card (if applicable) to collect your race pack.Go to the race pack desk applicable and show your photo ID.You will receive your race pack and your timing chip, which will become your responsibility until you hand it back at the finish line. Due to the costs of the technology, there will be a £20 charge if you lose your timing chip once in your possession.Once you have collected your race pack, attach the timing chip to your ankle, make your way to the Bike Check at the entrance to transition to rack your bike. Transition is a high-security area. Access will only be given to those competitors wearing security wristbands.Please have your helmet fastened on your head at the Bike Check, as this will help speed up your entry to transition....Kit ChecklistEVENT DAY CHECKLISTSecurity wristband (and Team Meeting Point wristband for relay teams)Photo Identification (e.g. driver’s licence, passport) to collect your timing chipRace numbers correctly fixed to bike, helmet, and clothing (race belt recommended)WetsuitGoggles (compulsory for the swim)TowelBikeBike HelmetBike Insurance (recommended but not compulsory)Cycle shoes (if you have them)Bike water bottleRunning shoesWarm clothing for afterwardEnergy Bar/GelsGPS multi-sport watchShower in a Can
WETSUITThe triathlon-specific wetsuits will not only keep you warm but will also help you swim faster as it provides you with extra buoyancy. Surf and shortie wetsuits are allowed, but these are totally different to a triathlon specific wetsuit, which is designed for open water swimming and fits like a second skin. For more information on wetsuits visit our Official swim partner Zone3 here.HIREIf you haven’t already done so, the easiest way to hire a wetsuit for the day is to visit Zone3 where you can get an award-winning Zone3 wetsuit for the day. We strongly advise you to swim in your wetsuit before the event. Practicing getting out of the wetsuit will help with your transition on the day too.*You will be given a swim cap at Swim Assembly so no need to bring your own, but googles are compulsory and aren’t provided.*
PUTTING ON YOUR WETSUITFind out how to correctly put on a wetsuit with these tips from Zone3 and avoid cosmetic damage from nails and jewellery. If you haven’t tried on or swum in a triathlon wetsuit before there are a few things you need to consider – from fit, to actually getting the thing on! The Zone3 product development team work hard to ensure their wetsuits are super flexible, ultra-buoyant, made using the world most technically advanced materials so you can  benefit and ultimately #ReachNewLimits this year. For more information, see our wetsuit buying guide. BIKEFixed wheel bikes (bikes that use the pedals as a brake) are not permitted in the race. Your handlebars must not have bare open metal ends. Please obtain stoppers to plug them before coming to the race. BTF referee bike checks can potentially stop you competing.BIKE HELMET*A bike helmet is compulsory.*Approved cycling safety helmets of ANSI Z90.4, SNELL B90, EN 1078 or an equivalent national standard must be worn by competitors. (NOTE: a CE mark is NOT an approval mark).NB: any helmet bought in recent years will comply but check for damage which would stop it protecting you properly. TRIATHLON INSURANCEBe prepared with PedalSure our Triathlon Insurance Partner who will provide you with a 20% discount to cover you and your bike. Don’t let an accident or theft create an obstacle to your training or event day. Find out more here: www.pedalsure.com/londonNot sure if you need insurance? Find your answer with our guide. REMOVAL OF EQUIPMENTYou will be able to remove your bike from Transition immediately after racing and you must remove your bike and equipment from Transition within 1.5 hours of finishing and prior to the venue closing times. The organisers reserve the right to remove any equipment left in transition beyond the above times. The Support Team will check the bike number against the wristband number before it is released.*One of our biggest issues post-event is caused by people taking the wrong wetsuit from Transition, please take a few seconds to check that you have your own wetsuit, most are black and look very similar.*DRAFTINGDrafting is not allowed at the triathlon – anyone caught drafting outside of the Elite field will be disqualified from the event.DRINKS AND NUTRITION ON COURSELeading sports nutrition company Science in Sport (SiS) will be providing some of their award winning nutrition products to fuel your performance at the water station on the Run Course and at the finish. Please get used to re-hydrating as part of your training. Remember it is vital to drink regularly during and after exercise...Road ClosuresPlease read this information carefully and take a note of times that may affect you.ROAD CLOSURES ON 27th – 28th JULY 2019To ensure the safety of large numbers of triathletes taking part in the London Triathlon, road closures will be in place over the weekend of 27th and 28th July 2019. We have worked closely with Transport for London (TfL), the Metropolitan Police and all relevant councils in the planning of these closures to ensure we keep disruption to a minimum.PLAN AHEADWe do our best to ensure our events have as little impact on local residents as possible and therefore advise all local residents to plan their activities for that weekend in advance, and hopefully, avoid any road closures.PUBLIC TRANSPORTPlease note that road closures will mean some local bus services will be diverted or terminate earlier than usual. Tube and rail will be the best way to get around Eastern London on the day.Please visit TFL here for more information.INFORMATION HOTLINEFor more information on the London Triathlon please see our website www.thelondontriathlon.co.uk or call 020 8233 5900. You can also contact TFL or your local council for travel advice and information.OVER THE EVENT WEEKENDOver the weekend we will be coordinating our event from our Race Control Centre. This will be manned for the duration of the event and will involve TfL, the council, and the police. If you need to contact the centre during the event weekend then please call 020 7069 60019...
By signing up to our newsletter you consent to Limelight Sports Limited using your contact details to keep you informed by email about its or other similar triathlon, cycling, running and mass participation sport related events’ products, services and content. You may withdraw your consent at any time.