https://livetotri.co.uk/london/cookie-policy/
We use cookies on our website to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. This policy explains how we do that. WHAT ARE COOKIES?Cookies are small text files which a website might store on your computer the first time you visit it. These cookies help the website recognise you next time you visit the site. Cookies serve many functions, for example, remembering your username for your login or remembering your preferences for how you like to view or use the site.Some cookies can store personal information. An example of this is when you tick the ‘remember me’ box on a login form, the site will then write a cookie to your computer containing your username. WHAT COOKIES DOES THIS SITE USEEssential CookiesSome cookies this site stores are essential to its operation. For instance, without these cookies the site would not know when you had logged in and would not allow you to access the pages you can only see when you are logged in.Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to monitor how the site is operating and give us anonymous information about how users are viewing the site. These help us improve the performance and relevance of the site for our users.Functional cookiesThese cookies are used to remember your preferences and username which make your experience of the site better.Third Party cookiesWhere we embed content content or functionality from third parties, such as Facebook or Twitter, these services can write cookies to improve your experience of these services. You can read more about these cookies here: Facebook Cookie Policy & Twitter Privacy Policy.WHAT ARE COOKIES?You can change your browser settings to prevent our site from writing cookies to your computer, but be aware, if you do, certain functionality in the site will not work correctly. Information on blocking and deleting cookies can be found on the AboutCookies.org site.
By signing up to our newsletter you consent to Limelight Sports Limited using your contact details to keep you informed by email about its or other similar triathlon, cycling, running and mass participation sport related events’ products, services and content. You may withdraw your consent at any time.