https://madusa.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified on August 7, 2019
PRIVACY AND SECURITYMADUSA takes your privacy seriously. All personal information sent to us through our online store are strictly for order purposes only and will never be sold to third parties. To protect the security of your credit card information, all payments are made through PayPal’s secure payment system. For questions about PayPal, please click here.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES and/or ADVERTISINGSome links on this site will let you leave MADUSA’s site. The linked sites are not under the control of MADUSA and MADUSA is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. MADUSA is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Web site in order to provide advertisements on this site about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
THIRD PARTY COOKIESIn the course of serving advertisements and certain products on this site, along with social media plugins used, third-party companies and web analytic platforms (Google Analytics) may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
INFORMATION VOLUNTARILY PROVIDED BY YOU
Madusa.com collects voluntary information from you through surveys, online forms, any emails sent via the Madusa.com website and comments posted on pages and social media hosted or maintained by Madusa (such as blogs, Facebook, Mailchimp). All such information, including comments and e-mails sent by you through any Madusa communication mechanisms should not contain personally identifiable information.
HOME
BIO
SHOP
APPEARANCES
THOUGHTS WHILE SHAVING BLOG
F.I.T.
WRESTLING
MONSTER TRUCKS
CONTACT
Sign up to my mailing list to be the first to know about new merch, pre-orders, discounts and appearances!
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
*
FollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollow