https://manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
The policy (together with our Website Terms of Use and Cookie Policy) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us via the website – manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk – will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Privacy Notices
Privacy Notice - Club Members
1 file(s)
70.24 KB
Download
By using the Website, you agree that you consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of information obtained by us via the website. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must not use or access (or continue to use or access) the website.
About Us
The website is operated by Manchester Triathlon Club (hereafter referred to as “we”, “us”, and/or “our”). We are a not-for-profit amateur sports club affiliated to British Triathlon, British Cycling, England Athletics and the Amateur Swimming Association.
We are committed to safeguarding and respecting your personal information and privacy.
Information We May Collect From You
We collect the following information about you when you use the Website, information that you provide voluntarily, including but not limited to:
(a) personal information (for example your name, address, date of birth, email address and (where applicable) user name and/or password/log-in details) when you register to join Manchester Triathlon Club and use the Website (where registration is required);
(b) personal information you provide when completing any forms on the Website or any questionnaires/surveys which may be made available via the Website;
(c) information you post if you interact via the Website (for example when you post comments on group discussions, if available (including via our Facebook page or any of our social media channels);
(d) information you provide when you contact us via the Website (including via an email address made available on the Website), we may keep a record of that email or comment; and information transmitted by your computer/tablet /mobile phone when you use the Website. This may include your IP address, browser data, pages viewed, traffic and location data and information we receive from cookies or from our use of website analytics services.
How We May Use Your Information
We (or our agents or sub-contractors) may use information held about you in the following ways:
To administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey and/or member review purposes);
To process your registration to use the Website (where registration is required) and your registration to join Manchester Triathlon Club via the Website (or via any third party website authorised on our behalf);
To identify you when you visit the Website including to assist with logging you in (where logging in is required);
To provide information to you about us and our activities as a user of the Website and as a member of Manchester Triathlon Club (including to send any newsletters/email updates etc);
To contact you with any information relating to any of our partners from time to time, provided always that you have consented to this (for example, by ticking the relevant boxes on the log-in or registration form on the Website or via other communications with us (or via any registration form made available through the website of a third party provider appointed by us));
To improve the Website and monitor the pages you access to assist in providing a better service to you;
To ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;
To help diagnose problems with our systems and to administer the Website;
For research and analysis purposes so that we can monitor and improve the Website;
To contact you to ask for your feedback and comments about the Website and/or us.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
To service providers (including suppliers and sub-contractors) who manage aspects of our operations (for example third parties who provide technical services to the Website and third parties who manage our member registration system);
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any organisations requirements with whom we are affiliated (for example British Triathlon and British Cycling), in which case personal data held by us about users of the Website may be transferred;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use and/or other agreements between you and us;
To protect the rights, property and/or safety of Manchester Triathlon Club or any other third party.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission of your personal information is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to gather aggregate information. We may also use such aggregate information to help us reach the kind of audience we want to target. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify you/any individual.
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. More information about our use of cookies can be found on our Cookie Policy page..
Storage Of Your Information
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent access by unauthorised persons and any unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage. Although we will try and protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website and any transmission is at your own risk.
Links To Other Websites
This Website may contain links to other websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites will have their own privacy policies that will govern the use of any personal information you submit whilst visiting these. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or the privacy practices of such third party websites. Please check the policies before submitting any personal information to these websites. Such third party websites may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Your use of third party websites is at your own risk.
Access To Information
We aim to keep any personal information we hold up to date, accurate and error free. Please help us to keep your information accurate and up to date by notifying us of any relevant changes in the personal data we hold about you. You can also ask us to correct any personal data we hold about you by contacting membership@man-tri-club.org.uk.
You have certain rights to see information we hold about you. Please contact us at the address below if you would like further information on this.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We keep this Privacy Policy under review and may occasionally make changes to it (including if necessary as a result of any development of the Website, changes to technologies, legal or regulatory changes etc). Your continued use of the Website after any such changes will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. You should regularly check this page to determine if the Privacy Policy has been updated and to review those changes before deciding whether or not to access (or continue to access) the Website.
Contact
To contact us with any queries in relation to our use of your personal information, please email – info@manchestertriathlonclub.co.uk.