https://manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk/website-terms-use/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Website Terms Of Use
These Terms of Use (together with any documents referred to herein) tell you the terms and conditions on which you may use this website – www.manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk (“this website” means the whole or any part of the web pages located at www.manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk, and includes the layout of this website; individual elements of this website’s design; underlying code elements of the website, text, sounds, graphics, photographs, animated features and/or any other element or content of this website).
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use our website, as these will apply to your use of our website. By using our website, you confirm that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to comply with them.
Information About Us
www.manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk is a website operated by Manchester Triathlon Club (hereafter referred to as “we”, “us” and/or “our”). We are a not-for-profit amateur sports club affiliated to British Triathlon, British Cycling, England Athletics and the Amateur Swimming Association.
Other Applicable Terms
These Terms of Use incorporate, and should be read together with Manchester Triathlon Club’s Privacy Policy. We will use only the personal data which we obtain from you and/or you submit to us via this website in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using our website, you consent to such use of your personal data and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. Our Cookie Policy describes how this website may collect, store and use cookies and by using our website, you consent to the use of such cookies.
Changes To Our Website
We may update this website from time to time, and may change the content at any time without notice. Any amendment will be effective immediately. Please note that any of the content on this website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
Changes To These Terms
We may revise these Terms of Use at any time by amending this page. Your use of this website after any amendment has been made to our Terms of Use constitutes an agreement by you to comply with and be bound by the amended terms. Accordingly you should read these Terms of Use from time to time for any changes.
Electronic Messages
If you join Manchester Triathlon Club (through your use of this website or otherwise (including via a third party website), you consent to us sending electronic messages to the electronic address which you have provided to us.
Accessing Our Website
Access to this website is permitted on a temporary basis. We do not guarantee that this website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of this website without notice and we will not be liable to you if for any reason this website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to this website (including obtaining and maintaining internet connection, computer hardware and other equipment needed to access this website) and you shall bear any costs associated with the same. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access this website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use, and that they comply with them. If you choose to access this website, you do so at your own risk.
We may limit the availability of this website to any person and/or geographic area at any time.
Where applicable, if you are provided with, a user/member identification code, password, log-in details or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures in order to access or register on this website or any part of it, you must treat such information as confidential. Such information is personal to you and you must not disclose it to any third party and/or permit any third party to use it.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or log-in details/password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Use.
In the event that you breach any of these Terms of Use, your right to use this website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy copies of any materials you have made from and/or in connection with this website.
Intellectual Property Rights
All rights in this website and the content on this website, including copyright, design rights, patents, inventions, know-how, database rights, trade marks, source codes and any other intellectual property rights howsoever arising whether not or in the future in any of the foregoing are reserved to Manchester Triathlon Club or its licensor(s) as applicable.
You may print copies of the content of this website and download extracts of any page(s) from this website for your personal use only. However, you must not use any part of the content on this website for commercial purposes.
All trade names, trade marks, service marks and other product and service names and logos displayed on this website from time to time are the property of their respective owners and are protected by applicable trade mark and copyright laws. These marks may be registered or unregistered marks of Manchester Triathlon Club or others.
Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right of use of any person’s or entity’s trade mark (whether registered or unregistered) which is displayed on this website without their express permission. Further you may not remove, change or obscure the Manchester Triathlon Club logo or any notices of proprietary rights on any content of this website.
Using Our Website And Contents
You may only use this website for lawful purposes. You must not use this website:
a) In any way that breaches any applicable laws or regulations;
b) In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has such a purpose or effect;
c) To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (also known as “spam”);
d) To knowingly introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to this website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use this website will cease immediately.
You also agree:
a) Not to reproduce, duplicate, store, distribute, adapt, transmit, publish, copy, create derivate works and/or re-sell any part of this website; and
b) Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: (i) any part of this website; (ii) any equipment or network on which this website is stored; and/or (iii) any software, network and/or any equipment used in the provision of this website.
General
References in these Terms of Use to “include” and “including” (or any similar expression) are to be construed without limitation.
If for any reason any part of these Terms of Use is deemed unenforceable by a competent authority, then that part of the Terms of Use will be deleted and this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining terms.
Any waiver by us of a breach of these Terms of Use shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of any provision.
The construction, validity and performance of these Terms of Use, is governed by English law. You agree that the courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising out of or in connection with these Terms.
Contact Us
To contact us with any queries in relation to this Website, please email – info@manchestertriathlonclub.org.uk.