https://matchroom.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Sports
Event Calendar
Programmes
News
About
Get in Touch
Visit our Brands
Privacy Policy
Matchroom Sport Ltd are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and data rights.
We comply with the relevant data protection legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) when processing your personal data.
Updating or accessing your personal information
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you have the following rights to access, amend or erase your information.
Data we collect from you
The data we collect comes from the information you give us. Those who sign up to on site competitions and contact forms will enter; Name, address, and email address. Any payment transactions will be processed and stored by one of our trusted third-party payment suppliers through encrypted SSL technology.
How we use your data
Tailoring our websites and communications for you
Monitoring, improving and protecting our products, content, and services
Sending you some types of direct marketing by email
Where we store your data
All information you supply us with is stored on secure servers located in the U.K.
Cookies
In common with many other website operators, we use standard technology called ‘cookies’ on our website. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit.
Contact us
If you have any questions or would like to know more get in touch, email: info@matchroom.com Or write to:
Matchroom Sport Ltd
Mascalls
Mascalls Lane
Brentwood
Essex
CM14 5LJ
You may be asked for ID to confirm your identity.
Matchroom Sport reserves the right to update the privacy policy listed on our website at any time.
Lets Talk
Start broadcasting Matchroom Sports events, get in touch with us
Home to nearly 40 years of sports and live action
sign up for free now
Modern Slavery Statement
· Privacy Policy
· Cookie Policy
· Back to Top
Site by Freeze Creative Group
Home
Sports
Event Calendar
Programmes
News
About
Get in Touch
This site uses cookies Find out moreOkay, thank you