https://maywoodpark.com/privacy/
Privacy – Maywood Park
Maywood Park Race Track
Home
How to Wager
Racing Info
Horsemen
Blogging
About
Menu
Privacy
At , one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by
and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at contact@maywoodpark.com.
Log Files
follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website,
uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of .
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on , which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Partner
Sponsor
Manila to Baguio
Search for:
Search
Contact
Privacy
Maywood Park