https://montcascades.ca/ski/privacy-policy/
Alerts
Hours
Conditions
Webcams
Alertes
GET YOUR 2020-2021 SEASON PASS NOW!
Buy online now under Season Passes & Tickets.
Mont Cascades. It’s time!
Save time and spend more time on the hill by purchasing your tickets online now!
Buy your season passes & tickets now
Hours
Hours are subject to change due to weather conditions.
TODAY : Closed
We are open!
Friday, December 11, 2020 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Sathurday, December 12, 2020 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Sunday, December 13, 2020 from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Save time and spend more time on the hill by purchasing your tickets online now!
Buy your season passes & tickets now
1 °C
MAX.
See detailed forecast
0
CM
24 hours
0
CM
48 hours
10
CM
7 days
See full snow conditions
Open Trails (day)
0
/20
Open Trails (night)
0
/15
Open Trails
Day
Night
0
/20
0
/15
Open Chairlifts
1
/6
See the trails map
Save time and spend more time on the hill by purchasing your tickets online now!
Buy your season passes & tickets now
Webcams
À venir
Save time and spend more time on the hill by purchasing your tickets online now!
TEST
Buy your season passes & tickets now
Privacy policy
MONT CASCADES
Mont Cascades Resort pays special attention to the protection of privacy. This is why we commit to respecting the confidentiality of any personal information we collect.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect the following type of personal information:
Full name
Mailing address
Postal code
E-mail address
Phone number / fax number
Gender
Age / Date of birth
We may collect your personal information when you purchase one or several services online at www.montcascades.ca, as well as in person. We do not and never will share your personal information with a third party.
Forms and Interactivity
We may collect your personal information through registration forms when you purchase one or more of our services. We may use such personal information for marketing and statistics purposes, and to contact you.
Rebuttal
We commit to offer you the right of rebuttal with respect to your personal information.
The right of rebuttal means that you can refuse that we use your personal information for marketing or statistics purposes.
In order to exercise this right, please contact us directly at: Icone Contact us
Access and Change Your Personal Information
We commit to recognize your right to access, edit, and erase your personal information.
In order to exercise this right, please contact us directly: Icone Contact us
Security
Personal information we collect is stored in a secure environment. People working for us are responsible for maintaining your information’s confidentiality.
We are committed to maintain a high degree of confidentiality by integrating the latest technological innovations to ensure the confidentiality of your transactions. However, as no mechanism offers maximum safety, there is always a risk when using the web to transmit personal information.
English
Français
Load More
Something is wrong. Response takes too long or there is JS error. Press Ctrl+Shift+J or Cmd+Shift+J on a Mac.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Get our best deals and news before anyone else
Thank you for subscribing!