https://montourtrail.org/about/policies/
Home »
About
»
Policies
Policies
In general, MTC policy is written to help ensure that all users have a safe and positive experience. These policies also serve to protect and enhance this shared resource for present and future users.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important. The Montour Trail Council established a privacy policy to address use of our website as well as information that you provide to us via other means, for example by becoming a member, participating in MTC events, or other interactions with the MTC.
What information do we collect?
Our website does not use cookies, nor do we not collect any incidental user information unless you take a specific action in filling out an on-line form, such as signing up for an event, making a donation, volunteering or becoming a member.  In these cases, the only information we collect is what you enter into the form on our website.
In some cases, our website may redirect you to another website for a specific purpose, such as PayPal (for submitting payments) or Race360 (for event registration).  In these cases, information collected is subject to that website’s privacy policy.  Credit card information provided to PayPal or other payment handlers is not relayed to the MTC.
Collected information also includes information you may provide to us by filling out forms for event registration, membership, or volunteer activities.  Such information will also be protected in accordance with this policy.
How is the information protected?
Information is held in confidence and will never be provided to third parties. We will not sell or otherwise provide mailing lists to outside individuals. The data are stored in our membership database, which is password-protected and can be accessed only by MTC administrative personnel.
How is the information used?
Contact information may be used to communicate with you periodically concerning trail news and events. Such contact may be via postal mail, email, or (rarely) telephone. Other information is used only in the course of planning the related activities, to assure safety, adequate supplies, etc.
You may opt-out of such communications by sending an email to MTCoffice@montourtrail.org, or clicking the opt-out link in a bulk email from us.
Event Policy
MTC’s event policy balances the needs of all Trail users with those of groups wishing to hold organized events or special activities.
Mode of Transport Policy
The Montour Trail prohibits motorized vehicle use. This policy details  permissible modes of transport — such as e-bikes and maintenance vehicles — since some users have special needs.
Mobility-Impaired Policy
MTC’s policy incorporates criteria set up by the Department of Justice regarding use of trails by persons with disabilities. You can read about handicapped access here.
Winter Maintenance Policy
MTC does not perform snow and ice removal during winter months, since this practice can damage the limestone trail surface. Policy states that winter Trail users may encounter slick surfaces and, consequently, should exercise caution, especially on bridges, in tunnels, and at low-lying areas.
Sign and Literature Box Policy
The sign policy protects and enhances the viewscape of the Montour Trail. It preserves the limited space in MTC Trail-side literature boxes for important Trail-related communications with Trail users. Except in a few limited cases, non-Montour Trail signs — including political signs and advertisements — are not allowed and will be removed. In a few cases, there are kiosks at trailheads and parking areas that can be used for public-interest postings.
Camping Rules
Trail Rules
Safety & Etiquette Recommendations
Comments are closed
AboutThe Trail
Newsletter
Photo Gallery
FAQs
Policies
Montour Trail Council
Founding Fathers
Trail Events
There are no upcoming events.