https://mountainmavericks.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerTerms & Conditions
Our Terms and Conditions of Sale
There are inherent risks, dangers and hazards in adventure activities, which include cycling, mountain biking, hiking, snowboarding and skiing. We will endeavour to make your trip as safe as possible, but not all risks, dangers and hazards can be anticipated or avoided. All of us that do them accept them. As individuals, you must calculate the dangers, judge for yourselves, and decide accordingly. From the moment you step out of the chalet door.
1. Deposits and Payments
A deposit of 25% of total booking price is required at booking. The final balance of payment is due 8 weeks prior to departure. If final payment has not been received by this date, the booking will be treated as a cancellation and the deposit shall not be refunded. Should the booking be made within 8 weeks of the date of departure, the full amount is payable immediately. No contract shall exist between Mountain Mavericks and yourself until the booking form has been received.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties. View our Privacy Policy for more information on how we handle your data.
Our contact information:
Email: thechalet@mountainmavericks.com
Postal address & Company number UK: Mountain Maverick Ltd UK: The Old Parsonage, Yarlington, Wincanton, Somerset BA9 8DJ, UK
Mountain Mavericks Ltd company number: 04991072
Postal address & Company number France: Mountain Maverick Ltd Sarl: Chalet Chambertin, 3441 Route de le Manche, Morzine, 74110, France
Mountain Mavericks SARL TVA number: FR68501150163
2. Cancellation & Changes
By Mountain Mavericks – In the unlikely event of Mountain Mavericks having to cancel/change your holiday details you will be notified as soon as possible and will have the choice of the following, as applicable:
accepting the change.
accepting an alternative holiday with us at no extra cost.
cancelling your holiday, in which case we will offer you a full refund.
By you – If you change any of your flight details after having booked your holiday, an administrative charge may be incurred which will then be passed on to you. If you are obliged to cancel your booking you must inform mountain Mavericks in writing immediately. In all cases your deposit will be forfeited and you will become liable for administrative charges on the following scale:
Over 6 weeks before departure date – deposit only
Under 6 weeks before departure – 100% of holiday cost
Any cancellation caused by factors or events not the results of direct action or decision by Mountain Mavericks, is considered a cancellation by you.
3. Behaviour
While on Mountain Mavericks property all clients are expected to behave in an orderly and acceptable manner. Should their behaviour threaten the condition of the chalet or seriously impair the enjoyment of other guests, Mountain Mavericks reserves the right to refuse to further accommodate the guilty party and contractual obligations will be terminated. The guilty party will be liable for the cost of any damage so caused.
4. Responsibility
In the event of death or personal injury to yourself or any of your party traveling with us under your booking we do not accept liability if such death or personal injury is not through any fault of ours or our supplier. In particular we do not accept responsibility if the death or personal injury is caused through no fault of ours or our suppliers or is due to circumstances which we could not reasonably foresee or have avoided.
You agree that if you have a claim against us which is the fault of another party that in the event of our dealing with your claim those rights that you have against the other party are transferred to us or our insurers.
Various International Conventions govern compensation, which can be paid in other circumstances whilst on holidays or travelling and these Conventions apply to our Contract with you.
5. Disclaimer
All persons undertaking the activities operated by Mountain Mavericks and our suppliers accept and understand that the activities contain an inherent level of risk of death and personal injury, no claim pertaining to injuries or death sustained whilst participating in one of Mountain Mavericks or our suppliers activities will be entertained nor liability accepted by Mountain Mavericks or its suppliers.
6. Vehicle, Personal Possessions and Luggage.
Mountain Mavericks will not be held responsible for any theft or loss of personal possessions from our premises / vehicles. Whilst we will endeavor to ensure the security of personal possessions of the party, we cannot guarantee it. Please be aware of this fact and leave expensive / personally valuable items at home.
7. Smoking policy
We operate a no smoking policy in all our vehicles and inside our accommodation facilities. If people wish to smoke they must do so outside of these areas.
8. Check In / Check Out Times
On arrival your room will be available after 4.00pm on departure day you must vacate your room by 10:00am. If required storage facilities for luggage can be provided on departure or arrival day.
9. Insurance
Everyone booking a Mountain Mavericks holiday must be adequately insured. If, on arrival in the resort, you are found to have insufficient cover you will be obliged to purchase a suitable insurance policy.
10. Equipment
Any client who loses or damages any Mountain Mavericks equipment whilst in his/her care will be charged by Mountain Mavericks for the appropriate replacement or repair cost of that equipment as determined by Mountain Mavericks.
11. Complaints
Any complaints should be made clear to chalet staff as soon as possible, preferably in resort, or to our office no later than 14 days after returning to the UK.
12. Visa/Passports
It is your responsibility to be in possession of a valid passport and/or any visa necessary. If you do not have a British or EC passport, please be sure to check visa requirements for the countries you will be visiting. Remember, most flights are to Geneva in Switzerland which is not an EC member.
14. Website Information
Mountain Mavericks.com website information is correct to the best of Mountain Mavericks knowledge at the time of going live. Information relating to the resort cannot be guaranteed since changes can occur at any time outside the control of Mountain Mavericks.
15. Transfers from 2016 Onwards
For Winter Season 2016/17 transfers will be provided by Skidigonzales (or a third party partner).
All of your inbound and outbound flight details must be with us on our booking form 20 days prior to departure.
You will be met at Geneva Airport upon your arrival by a representative from Skidigonzales (or third party partner). They will co-ordinate your egress from the airport and get you quickly on your way to Morzine.
In order to accommodate multiple arrivals you may be required to wait up to one hour in the coffee bar.
If your flight is delayed and you miss your transfer, you will be allocated a seat on the next available transfer.
If for any reason Skidigonzales are unable to provide your transfer you will be transferred by a third party. In this instance it will only be by an organization that we have approved.
All transfers are provided to and from Geneva Airport only. This includes hotels that are on the service roads alongside the airport. For example Crown Plaza, Express Holiday Inn. If your hotel falls outside this range you will be required to take the Hotel free shuttle bus to the airport to arrive at your pre-arranged arrival time. Please check directly with Mountain Mavericks as to whether you can be picked up from your hotel.
Transfers are charged at 75€ per person for a return, as long as on our transfer days of Saturday or Sunday.
Any transfers outside of our normal transfer days of Saturday or Sunday will be charged at 150 euros minimum up to 4 people one way. Additional seats will be charged at 65 euros per person thereafter.
IMPORTANT: Incorrect information that requires additional transfers be organized at short-notice will be charged at a minimum of 150 euros for up to 4 people. Additional seats will be charged at 75 euros per person thereafter.
On clear days the normal transfer time from Geneva to Morzine is 1hr15mins. Due to extreme mountain conditions during the season this is not always possible. Therefore occasionally we have to allow 4+ hours to transport you safely back which includes adequate time to check-in. The decision will reside with Skidigonzales or the third party transfer service.
We will always allow adequate time to get you safely and on time to the airport. However, there can be unforeseen exceptional circumstances that mean you miss your flight or train. Please note that for any costs incurred you will need to claim against your holiday insurance. We will provide any paperwork required to support your claim.
17. Mountain Mavericks use Cookies on this site. By entering Mountain Mavericks site you agree on the use of our cookie policy.