https://mountainmavericks.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our visitors while providing the highest possible quality of service.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website (www.mountainmavericks.com) how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
We may change this policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure you’re happy with the changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.
1. What information we collect
The personal information we collect via the interactive sections on the site (such as enquiry forms) may include the following:
your name
telephone number
email address
2. What we do with this information
The information you provide will be sent to thechalets@mountainmavericks.com and will only be used to process and respond to your enquiry, usually by telephone or email. For reporting purposes it is also stored on our website database which is password protected with restricted access.
Your contact details may be kept on file for a period of up to two years for reporting purposes.
2.1 Marketing
If you have consented to receive marketing information by using the forms on this website, we would like to send you information about properties and services of ours which may be of interest to you.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, you can unsubscribe using the link included in our marketing emails or contact us using the information detailed in section 8 of this policy.
Any information collected will never be sold or shared with a 3rd party and is collected only for use by Mountain Mavericks.
2.2 Website Analytics
When someone visits www.mountainmavericks.com, we use a third-party service called Google Analytics to automatically collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. The information obtained in this way is only used in aggregated form, and as such cannot be used to identify you personally. Such aggregate information helps us to audit usage of our website and improve the service provided.
3. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work.
We use Google Analytics as one of our business modelling information tools. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click on this link to view Google’s Privacy Policy: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
4. Third Party Widgets
Our website may use Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Twitter, Google Analytics and other 3rd party widgets. These widgets may set cookies if you are already logged into these websites or have previously downloaded cookies set by these sites. This privacy policy does not cover the behaviour of these widgets – please check their individual websites for more information.
5. Security
Web forms on this website are sent via Hypertext Transfer Protocol for Secure Communication (HTTPS) over Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, therefore information sent to and from our website is encrypted.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Even though we take appropriate steps to protect your security, you should remember that data transmission over the internet cannot always be guaranteed as 100% secure.
5.1 Protecting your Data
Mountain Mavericks acknowledges your trust and is committed to protecting the Personal Data you provide us. Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other web sites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over any other web site. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
6. Access to your personal information
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out in section 8 of this policy.
7. Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 30th April 2018.
8. Contacting us
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998. If you have questions concerning your personal information or regarding our practices please contact:
The Data Controller,
Olly Lambourne
Mountain Mavericks
olly@mountainmavericks.com