https://multisportscanada.com/athlete-info/your-privacy/
Your Privacy -
Skip to content
Multisportscanada Home
Event Calendar
Multisport Events
Running Events
Cycling Events
Athlete Info
Beginners
How to Register
What you get
Race Day Instructions
Race Checklist
Rules & Regulations
Top 10 Rules Broken
Your Privacy
Coaching Articles
Volunteer
About Us
Services
Event Management Services
Charity & Club Support
Employment Opportunities
Event Partnership Opportunities
EVENT FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITIES
RESULTS
Contact Us
FAQs – Refunds and Race Cancellations Due To COVID-19
Your Privacy
Multisportscanada will collect, use and disclose the personal information of members, staff members, volunteers and other individuals in a manner that protects such information, and will abide by the principles and requirements as specified in the Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA).“Personal information” is considered to be any information that may identify an individual.PIPA identifies certain exceptions to the general principles in the application of the Act.ApplicationThe principles and requirements set out in this policy apply to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Multisportscanada.
Summary of Principles
Principle 1 – AccountabilityMultisportscanada is responsible for personal information under its control. To ensure Multisportscanada accountability and adherence to this policy, as well as timely response to questions of interpretation and possible complaints, a designated member of Multisportscanada will assume the responsibilities of Privacy Officer.
Principle 2 – Identifying Purposes for Collection of Personal InformationMultisportscanada shall identify the purpose for which personal information is collected at or before the time the information is collected. Collection of personal information will be limited to what is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the data is being collected.Our purpose in gathering this personal information is to use it within Multisportscanada events as we continue to work on being great event hosts(this use is only with respect to your comments or suggestions), to contact you to notify you that you have been selected as a winner of a contest or sweepstakes that you have entered, or to send you current event mailings.
Principle 3 – Obtaining Consent for Collection, Use or Disclosure of Personal InformationThe knowledge and consent of a member(registered athlete), staff member, volunteer or other individual are required for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information, except where inappropriate, including how and with whom any information may be shared.
Principle 4 – Limiting Collection of Personal InformationMultisportscanada shall limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes identified. Multisportscanada shall collect personal information by fair and lawful means.
Principle 5 – Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention of Personal InformationMultisportscanada shall not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the member, staff member, volunteer or other individual, or as required by law. Multisportscanada shall retain personal information only for as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We want to be very clear: we do not obtain personal information about you other than that which you choose to provide, and we will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information you provide to anyone outside of Multisportscanada and its marketing partners, advertising and promotional agencies and consultants.
Principle 6 – Accuracy of Personal InformationPersonal information shall be as accurate, complete and up to date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Principle 7 – Security SafeguardsMultisportscanada shall protect personal information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Personal information will be maintained in strict confidence and will be safeguarded through the use of administrative, physical and technological means such as database passwords and restricted access to secured storage cabinets and rooms, as appropriate.
Principle 8 – Openness to Concerning Policies and PracticesMultisportscanada shall make readily available to members(registered athletes), staff members, volunteers and other individuals specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. Individuals from whom personal information has been collected have the right to access their own information to confirm accuracy and/or make appropriate changes, as needed.
Principle 9 – Customer and Employee Access to Personal InformationMultisportscanada shall inform a members,staff, volunteers and other individuals of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information upon request and shall give the individual access to that information.
Principle 10 – Challenging ComplianceA member, staff member, volunteer and other individual shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated person or persons accountable for compliance by Multisportscanada with the Multisportscanada Privacy Policy.
The ten (10) principles, which form the basis of the Multisportscanada Privacy Policy, are interrelated and Multisportscanada shall adhere to the ten (10) principles as a whole.
Privacy OfficerThe Privacy Officer of Multisportscanada shall be accountable for ensuring that the collection and use of personal information complies with the Privacy Policy of Multisportscanada as well as any appropriate legislated requirements. The Privacy Officer shall address any actual or potential breaches of this Privacy Policy, or any complaints received from individuals from whom personal information has been collected.
Complaints & WithdrawalIf any member, staff member, volunteer or other individual believes he or she has a possible complaint regarding the collection, use or disclosure of his or her personal information by Multisportscanada, such complaint shall be in writing and submitted to the Privacy Officer.If you do not want to be contacted for these purposes, or if you would like to obtain a copy of the personal information gathered by this website, or correct or delete such information from our website's database, you can always send us an email to the following address:
By using this site and registering for an event, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time.
Like this:Like Loading...
Follow Us
Contact UsEmailtsoll@multisportscanada.comPhone1-855-515-0693AddressPO Box 928
Sexsmith, AB
T0H 3C0Follow me on TwitterMy Tweets
Copyright Multisportscanada © 2018
— Mins WordPress theme by GoDaddy
%d bloggers like this: