https://ncrscca.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY
POLICY
NORTH CAROLINA REGION OF THE SPORTS CAR CLUB OF AMERICA
Revised 4/25/2020
DEFINITIONS
This privacy policy describes how we, the North Carolina Region of the Sports Car Club of America (NCRSCCA), handle your personal information received and collected through the North Carolina Region of the Sports Car Club of America Web Site (the “Site”). By accepting the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement through your use of this Site and/or in registration of an account or other use of this Site, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective upon your use of this Site for any reason and shall continue to be effective thereafter for all users until such time as this Privacy Policy shall be revised. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue use of this Site.
COLLECTION
When you utilize the Site, we may receive certain personally non-identifiable information about your use of the Site. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information ourselves or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Site, the number of visitors to each page of the Site, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information to our servers. We may collect, store, and use any and all information from your use of the Site, including the following personal information: all registration information you provide, including, but not limited to, email address, physical contact information, personal interests, or any other personal content you post to the Site; transactional information based on your activities on the Site (such as searching, including item and content you generate from such search or that relates to your account); computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Site, and other information, including IP address and standard web log information; and supplemental information from third parties. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and do not target our websites to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Site. As provided in our Terms of Use, parents and legal guardians must monitor their children’s usage of this Site and must assist the NCRSCCA in enforcement of our Privacy Policy by instructing their children not to transmit any personal information on this Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through this Site, please contact us, and we will take the necessary action as we deem appropriate.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We are not in the business of profiting from your personal information and we will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor’s legal rights and/or property; or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety. We may also share your personal information with: members of our corporate family to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services; law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity (In such events we will disclose name, city, state, telephone number, and email address); and other business entities, should we plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. The NCRSCCA and any related entity or individual shall not be liable under any circumstances for any disclosure of any kind whether intentional or unintentional.
COOKIES
We use cookies (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, customize our services, and measure promotional effectiveness. You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the Site that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page.) We are not responsible for cookies placed by web sites not under our control and any information obtained by such cookies.
ACCOUNT PROTECTION
If you have registered on this Site for an account, your password is the key to your account to protect the information you provided. Use unique numbers, letters, and special characters and do not disclose your NCRSCCA password to anyone. If you do share your password or personal information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify the NCRSCCA and change your password.
ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can see, review and change most of your personal information by logging into the Site. Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain personal information from closed accounts in order to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our NCRSCCA Terms of Use, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Questions or comments, please contact:
NCR SCCA
1102 Gardner Road
Roxboro, NC 27574
Scroll To Top