https://netball.sport/terms-of-use-2
[google-translator]
Home » Terms of Use
WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF OUR SITES
WHAT’S IN THESE TERMS?
These terms tell you the rules for using any of our websites.
WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
www.netball.org, INF Shop and netWorld are sites operated by International Netball Federation Ltd and its subsidiary INF Secretariat UK Ltd (“We”). We are registered in the Isle of Man under company number 008607V and have our registered office at International Netball Federation, first floor, millennium house, Victoria Road, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM2 4RU.
To contact us, please email inf@netball.org or write to INF Secretariat, Albion Wharf, 19 Albion Street, Manchester, M1 5LN.
BY USING OUR SITES YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS
By using our sites, you confirm that you accept these terms and conditions and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our sites.  We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
THERE ARE OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU
These terms of user refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our sites.
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to use. By using our sites, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all the data provided by you is accurate.
If you purchase goods from our sites, our Terms and Conditions of supply will apply to the sales.
WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our sites, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO OUR SITES
We may update and change our sites from time to time to reflect changes to our products, our users’ needs and our business priorities. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes.
WE MAY SUSPEND OR WITHDRAW OUR SITES
Our sites are made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our sites, or any content on them, will always be available or be uninterrupted.  We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any other part of our sites for business and operational reasons.  We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our sites through your Internet connections are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
YOU MUST KEEP YOUR ACCOUNT DETAILS SAFE
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential.  You must not disclose it to any third party.  We have the right to disable your identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at inf@netball.org
HOW YOU MAY USE MATERIAL ON OUR SITES
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights on our sites, and in the material published on them.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our sites for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our sites.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our sites must always by acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our sites for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our sites in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our sites will cease immediately and you must, at our opinion, return or destroy any copies of the materials you may have made.
DO NOT RELY ON INFORMATION ON OUR SITES
The content on our sites is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely.  You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our sites.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our sites, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our sites are accurate, complete or up to date.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBSITES WE LINK TO
Where our sites contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
USER-GENERATED CONTENT IS NOT APPROVED BY US
Our websites may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the sites, including to bulletin boards and chat rooms. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us.  The views expressed by other users on our sites do not represent our views or values.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users please contact us at inf@netball.org
OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our sites or any content on them.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connections with:
Use of, or inability to use, our sites; or
Use of or reliance on any content displayed on our sites.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
Loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
Business interruption;
Loss of anticipated savings;
Loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
Any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our sites for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our sites for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation (however, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us).
UPLOADING CONTENT TO OUR SITES
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our websites, or to make contact with other users of our sites, you must comply with the requirements of this policy together with any further instructions provided by us.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.  This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our sites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and any other users of the sites a limited license to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
We also may have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our sites constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our sites if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the requirements of this policy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES AND YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE THEM
We do not guarantee that our sites will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our sites. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our sites, the server on which our sites are stored or any server, computer or database connected to our sites. You must not attack our sites via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Isle of Man Computer Security Act 1992. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use any of our sites will cease immediately.
RULES ABOUT LINKING TO OUR SITES
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our sites on any website that is not owned by you.
Our sites must not be framed on any other sites, nor may you create a link to any part of our sites other that the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The websites with which you are linking to must comply in all respects with the requirements of this policy.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our sites other than that set out above, please contact inf@netball.org
WHICH COUNTRY’S LAWS APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES?
Your use of our websites will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Isle of Man and any disputes will be decided only by the courts of the Isle of Man.
OUR TRADE MARKS ARE REGISTERED
The Fast5 logo, Netball World Cup logo with words, Netball World Cup logo without words and the INF logo are registered trademarks of the International Netball Federation. You are not permitted to use them without our approval, unless they are part of material you are using as permitted under How you may use material on our sites (above).
NEWSLETTER
Keep up to date with the latest news and events from INF.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
inf partners & sponsors