http://netballnz.co.nz/privacy-policy
Home
Silver Ferns
ANZ Premiership
About
Our Game
News
Competitions & Events
Get Involved
High Performance
Useful Info
Shop
Play
Privacy Policy
NNZ is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected according to the relevant privacy legislation. By providing your personal information to NNZ, you authorise NNZ collecting, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993 and the terms set out in this policy.
NNZ will use information about you from the information you provide when you register and/or provide in any other written and verbal communications with NNZ. This information may include, for example, your name, address, email address, phone number and teams you support.
Please note that if you elect not to provide certain personal information to us, we may not be able to provide you with the services, products or information you require. NNZ will primarily use your personal information to:
administer the sport of netball;
promote the game of netball (including marketing to members by NNZ commercial partners);
provide you services, offers and/or communications associated with NNZ and/or membership programmes;
inform you of important netball-related information or related events;
carry out market research and surveys;
track and analyse activity on our website(s); and
create an individual profile for you so that we can enhance your user experience, to understand and respect your preferences and to provide details of relevant offers and opportunities where you have agreed to receive them.
In order to provide certain products and services, NNZ may appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing of activities on our behalf. In some circumstances, NNZ may share your personal information with service providers who perform services that NNZ have requested. Our service providers are not authorised by us to use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legislation.
NNZ may also be required by law to disclose information you provide. NNZ will only make the disclosure if it believes in good faith that it is required to do so.
Your personal information may be provided to NNZ commercial partners to further the purposes referred to under this policy.
Where you provide personal information to NNZ, it is your responsibility to ensure that personal information you provided is correct, complete and up-to-date. However, you are entitled to access and request correction of the personal information NNZ holds about you. You may update or correct your personal information online by:
contacting NNZ in writing;
by email at the following address info@netballnz.co.nz; or by
logging into your account (if you have one).
NNZ (or its commercial partners) may also contact you to tell you about offers and opportunities that are available and about a range of other initiatives in a number of ways, including by post, telephone, text/video message or by email (where required by law these marketing communications will not be sent without your consent).
NNZ will take reasonable steps to safely and securely store your personal information against un-authorised disclosure, use, loss or other misuse. However, NNZ cannot guarantee the security of information you provide to us via electronic means as information sent over the internet may be unsecure.
With thanks to our partners