https://netball.sport/inf-privacy-policy
[google-translator]
Home » INF Privacy Policy
INTERNATIONAL NETBALL FEDERATION LTD
PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION, SCOPE & APPLICATION
1.1.  INF is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
1.2.  This policy explains how we will aim to protect your data, earn your trust and always ask permission before using your data. On 25th May 2018 the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) come into force for all organisations operating in the European Union.
1.3.  Under these regulations you have the right to know what personal information we collect from you, what we will do with it and how we will store it. You have the right to take your data with you when you leave and to request we takedown any data you do not wish us to hold and display.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
2.1.  We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us
2.2.  This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our websites or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes:
2.2.1.    information you provide when you register to use our sites including NetWorld (our netball administration system);
2.2.2.    agree to participate in an INF event
2.2.3.    agree to work with us as a member of staff or volunteer on an INF Board, committee, panel or working group
2.2.4.    subscribe to the INF Newsletter, place an order on our sites and when you report a problem with our sites.
2.3.  The information you give us may include:
2.3.1.    your name, address, e-mail address and phone number,
2.3.2.    date of birth,
2.3.3.    financial and credit card information,
2.3.4.    passport details,
2.3.5.    personal description and photographs.
Information we collect about you:
2.4.  With regard to each of your visits to our websites we will automatically collect the following information:
2.4.1.    Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, the browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and version and the operating system and platform.
2.4.2.    Information about your visit including the Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our sites (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and any phone number used to call us.
2.4.3.    Information to enable the International Umpiring Handbook to be administered online, including personal data, assessment data and history of involvement with INF.
Information we receive from other sources.
2.5.  This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide – in this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this sites.
2.6.  We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We work closely with third parties and will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
3.1.  We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
3.2.  We will use this information:
3.2.1.    To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts or agreements entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
3.2.2.    To notify you about changes to our service;
3.2.3.    To ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. To comply with legal obligations.
3.2.4.    For quality control and staff training.
Information we collect about you.
3.3.  We will use this information:
3.3.1.    To administer our sites and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
3.3.2.    To improve our sites to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
3.3.3.    To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
3.3.4.    As part of our efforts to keep our sites safe and secure;
3.3.5.    To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and
3.3.6.    To deliver relevant advertising to you;
3.3.7.    To comply with legal obligations;
3.3.8.    For quality control and staff training.
Information we receive from other sources.
3.4.  We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
4.1.  You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with any member of our group, i.e. International Netball Federation Ltd and INF Secretariat Ltd.
4.2.  We may ask your further permission to share your data with those acting on behalf of the INF such as the Organising Committees of International Events.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1.  All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers that may be operated on our behalf by suppliers that may be located outside the European Union.
5.2.  Our suppliers are required to comply with the relevant data protection regulations and take appropriate action to keep your data safe.
5.3.  Any payment transactions will be encrypted.
5.4.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk.
5.5.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access.
5.6.  Personal data received on paper such as CVs and Event Participation Agreements will be stored according to the INF Document and Data Retention Policy.
COOKIES
6.1.  Our websites uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allows us to improve our sites.
YOUR RIGHTS
7.1.  You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
7.2.  We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.
7.3.  You also have the right to be forgotten and any data you wish to be deleted will be hidden from public view within 36 hours and removed in 30 days.
7.4.  You are free to choose whether to provide us with the types of personal information described in this policy, however, we may not be able to serve you as effectively or offer you some or all of our Services when you choose not to share certain information with us.
7.5.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
7.6.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at inf@netball.org.
7.7.  Our sites may from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these website have their own privacy policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
8.1.  The GDPR give you the right to access information held about you.
8.2.  Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the regulations as described in the INF Subject Access Request Policy.
8.3.  We reserve the right to charge a reasonable administrative cost if a request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive‘ or if further copies are requested.
8.4.  For the purpose of the GDPR, the data controller is International Netball Federation Ltd First Floor Millennium House, Victoria Road, Douglas, Isle of Man IM2 4RW.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
9.1.  Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.  Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT
10.1.              Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and can be addressed to INF Secretariat, Albion Wharf, 19 Albion St, Manchester, M1 5LN, UK or by email to inf@netball.org.
NEWSLETTER
Keep up to date with the latest news and events from INF.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
inf partners & sponsors