http://netballnz.co.nz/terms-and-conditions
Home
Silver Ferns
ANZ Premiership
About
Our Game
News
Competitions & Events
Get Involved
High Performance
Useful Info
Shop
Play
Terms & Conditions
This website is owned by Netball New Zealand Inc (NNZ). Your use of this site is governed by these Terms of Use. By accessing and browsing this site you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
Right to Use Website & Content
You may access, view, produce and print the content on this site for informational and non-commercial purposes provided you include a prominent written acknowledgement of NNZ's rights in the relevant content.
Purchase of Goods
Any purchase of goods through this site is subject to the Terms of Trade available on our "Shopping Cart" page. The Terms of Trade form part of these Terms of Use. Please read the Terms of Trade carefully before using this website to purchase goods.
Content
NNZ endeavours to ensure information on this site is current and accurate, and it has been compiled in good faith. NNZ will endeavour to correct any errors on this site but does not accept any liability for mistakes or out-of-date information.
Third Party Websites & Hyper-linking
All links and references to other websites, organisations or people not within NNZ are provided for the user's convenience only, and should not be taken as endorsement of those websites, or of the information contained in those websites, nor of organisations or people referred to. If you have comments or questions relating to sites linked to this one, they should be directed to the relevant region or organisation. NNZ does not implicitly or impliedly endorse any website, organisation or people who may have off-site links to this website.
Intellectual Property
All intellectual property on this site, including without limitation, the text, graphics and copyright works is owned by NNZ or used by NNZ under licence from the copyright owner. All photos remain copyright of the photographer and may not be copied or reproduced in any format without obtaining written permissions from the photographer.
Written content from this website may be used for personal, non-commercial purposes, with acknowledgement of NNZ's rights.
For permission to use NNZ logos please email info@netballnz.co.nz with your request including the reason you require use of any of these logos. Registration, Password & Security Responsibilities
Certain products, services and information on this site, and certain parts of this site, are available only to registered users.
To become a registered user you must:
Complete a registration form and receive confirmation from NNZ of your successful registration.
Be over the age of 18, or have the express permission of your parent or legal guardian.
Provide accurate, complete and current information on your registration form.
NNZ reserves the right to decline an application for registration at its absolute discretion. Registered users will have a selected username and password. If you are a registered user of this website, you will be responsible for all use of the website through use of your username and password. You are responsible for keeping your username and password secure and secret.
The password you select should not relate to any readily accessible data such as your name, birth date, address and telephone number, driver's licence or passport, neither should it be an obvious combination of letters and numbers such as sequential or the same numbers. If you believe an unauthorised person knows your password, you must notify NNZ immediately and change your password as soon as possible.
Additional Terms
You may need to agree to additional terms and conditions for particular services, promotions or competitions which may be made available to you from time to time through this site. Any such additional terms will be read in conjunction with these Terms of Use. In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and any additional terms and conditions, the additional terms and conditions will prevail for those particular services, promotions or competitions.
Disclaimer
The information provided on this site is for general guidance only. Users of the information contained on this site must make their own assessment of the suitability and appropriateness of the products, services and information for their particular use.
All Liability Excluded
To the extent permitted by law:
all warranties, representations and guarantees (whether express, implied or statutory) are excluded, including without limit, suitability, fitness for purpose, accuracy or completeness of this Website or the content on, or accessed through, it, or any Products or Services obtained from the Website;
NNZ will not be liable for any damage, loss or expenses, or indirect losses or consequential damages of any kind, suffered or incurred by you in connection with your access to or use of this Website, or the content on, or accessed through, this Website; and
NNZ will not be liable for any damage, loss or expenses, or indirect losses or consequential damages of any kind, suffered or incurred by you in connection with any Products or Services obtained from this Website.
If the New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 applies, you may have rights or remedies which are not excluded or limited by the above. If you are using this Website or its content for business purposes, the above exclusions and limits will apply and the New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 will not apply.
The exclusions and limits set out in these Terms of Use will also operate for the benefit of the NNZ partners, relevant suppliers, licensors and agents of NNZ which NNZ use to provide the Website.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify NNZ, relevant suppliers, licensors and agents of NNZ in respect of any loss, damage, cost or expense (including reasonable enforcement costs, whether incurred on a solicitor and own client base or otherwise) suffered or incurred by NNZ as a result of any inaccurate or incomplete information provided by you to NNZ or any breach by you of any of your obligations under these Terms of Use or any other applicable terms and conditions for other services, promotions or competitions on this Website (including any acts or omissions of your employer, contractors or agents).
Amendments
NNZ may amend these Terms of Use and the Terms of Trade from time to time so you should review these terms regularly. By continuing to use this site after any such amendment, you are deemed to have agreed to the amended terms of use.
Terms of Trade
Purchase of Products
All goods displayed on this website which are sold to you by us from this website [or our agents] are subject to these terms. Acceptance
You will be deemed to have read and accepted these terms of trade when you confirm an order for goods by sending your order form to NNZ or its agents. Once your order has been accepted by us this will constitute a binding contract for the supply of the goods or services on these terms of trade. Price & Payments
For all goods or services ordered by you, you must pay the price for the goods or services specified on our site at the time your order is accepted by us. All prices are in New Zealand dollars. All payments are to be made by credit card (we accept Visa and Mastercard), cheque or money order. We may contact you directly to confirm your payment information.
Product prices are quoted are inclusive of goods and services tax payable to New Zealand customers under the Goods and Services Tax Act 1985. Postage and delivery charges are as stated on the purchase order for each relevant mailing area and all such costs must be paid by you. You must pay any other applicable taxes, import duties, levies or tariffs which may be payable (if any).
The price of the goods we provide may be altered by us without notice but we may from time to time notify you of any alteration to the price of the goods by posting such alterations on our website. All reasonable efforts are made to ensure that prices recorded on this website for the goods are accurate but we reserve the right to correct any errors that we become aware of. All pricing errors will be corrected as soon as possible and if you have placed an order before the pricing error is corrected, we will notify you as soon as possible.
Delivery
We will use reasonable endeavors to deliver goods ordered within [21 days] from the date we receive and accept your order. This is subject to stock availability but if we anticipate that you will not receive the goods within that time we will advise the reason for the delay and the likely date of delivery. If a delay occurs, you will be asked to confirm or cancel your order.
NNZ does not accept any liability for delays in delivery of goods.
Property/Risk
Property and risk in goods ordered will pass to you upon delivery of the goods to your specified delivery address for each relevant order.
Returns Policy
You may return goods that are not faulty to us in their original condition within 7 days from the receipt of delivery for a refund of their purchase price provided they are in their original condition and, in the case of packaged goods, the packaging is still intact. You will need to provide a proof of purchase if you are returning of goods. All freight costs will be borne by you and no refund of freight charges will be made by us.
Faulty goods must be returned to us as soon as possible. Where the goods provided to you are faulty, freight charges will not be borne by you.
We will either credit your credit card account or send a cheque refund to you.
Amendment
We may amend these Terms from time to time and if you continue to order goods from us after the amendments, you will be deemed to have agreed to the amended terms.
Liability
Please refer to the Terms of Use of the website for the liability provisions for any goods purchased from the site.
Governing Law
These terms of trade are governed by and interpreted according to the laws of New Zealand.
Intellectual Property
All trade marks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights used in connection with or embodied in the goods (including without limitation their design and specifications, and all documentation relating to the goods) will be and remain the sole property of NNZ or the supplier of the goods.
Interpretation
If NNZ does not insist upon compliance with any provisions of these Terms, such failure does not constitute a waiver of that provision and NNZ will be entitled to insist upon compliance with all provisions of these terms at any time.
If any provision or part of a provision of these terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable then that provision or part thereof will be severed and the remaining provisions will continue to be binding and have full force and effect on you and us.
Mother Earth futureFERNS Team of the Month
Terms and Conditions
General Terms and Conditions of Entry
The
Promotion, Mother Earth futureFERNS Team of the Month, is offered
by Netball New Zealand Incorporated (the Promoter) of Level 1, Windsor
Court, 128 Parnell Road, Auckland 1052.
The
Promotion commences at in July and concludes in September (Promotion
Period). No entries will be accepted outside of the Promotion Period.
The Promotion: One winner will be selected each month of the Promotional Period and notified via email. The prize includes a Mother Earth goodies pack. Winners are required to supply a photo of the team that will be used by promoters (NNZ and Mother Earth). Winner will need to provide a postal address to send the Mother Earth gift pack. Teams must be in New Zealand.
How to
Enter: entry in the Netball New Zealand's competition
is open to Mother Earth futureFERNS teams affiliated with Netball NZ and
is subject to these Terms and Conditions. To enter the Promotion, entrants
must apply via https://forms.gle/HtTvUAbwVDHiLutf6
Each
entrant fully and unconditionally agrees to be bound by these Terms and
Conditions and acknowledges that the decisions of the Promoter on all
matters relating to the Promotion are final and binding and no
correspondence will be entered into.
The
Promoter reserves the right, and by their entry into the Promotion each
entrant consents to the Promoter exercising this right, to validate and
check the authenticity of entries.
Should
the Prize Winner/s or a Prize Winner/s cannot be contacted within 48 hours
of the prize draw, the Prize will be forfeited and a further random prize
draw from among the remaining eligible entries will take place 72 hours
after prior selection.
The
Prize is not redeemable for cash, exchangeable, or transferable. The
Promoter will use its best endeavours to provide the Prize.
If for
any reason beyond the Promoter's reasonable control this Promotion is not
capable of running as planned, for reasons including infection by computer
virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical
failures of any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Promoter
which corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness or
integrity of the Promotion, the Promoter reserves the right in its sole
discretion to cancel, suspend, modify or terminate this Promotion. The
Promoter will not be liable for any claims arising out of or in connection
with any suspension, modification or termination, except for any liability
which cannot be excluded by law.
Incomplete,
inaccurate or indecipherable entries will be deemed invalid. No
responsibility by the Promoter is accepted for non-receipt for any reason
of an entry.
Any
cancellation, suspension or modification to the Promotion will be notified
on the Promotion website www.netballnz.co.nz
The
Prize Winner/s must be willing to have his or her full name and image
shared publically as part of any marketing and PR promotion by the
Promoter and its partners after accepting the Prize, and the Prize
Winner/s shall not receive any additional compensation in respect of this.
This includes but is not limited to social media, event and team websites
and media releases.
Information
collected pursuant to the Promotion from entrants will be handled in
accordance with all applicable laws in New Zealand, including the Privacy
Act, and will be subject to the Promoter's Privacy Policy available at www.netballnz.co.nz All
entrants' details will only be held for the purposes of this Promotion
(which may include disclosure to third parties for the purposes of
processing and conducting the Promotion). By entering the Promotion,
entrants consent to the use of their personal information as described.
These
Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of New Zealand and each
entrant agrees to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of New Zealand.
With thanks to our partners