http://newarkkenpokarate.com/privacy-policy-2/
Home
News & Blog
Facebook Feed
Testimonials
Programs
Specialized Programs
Teen & Adult Programs
Youth Programs
Juniors (Ages 7-12)
Little Dragons (Ages 5-6)
Tigers (Ages 3 1/2-6)
Black Belt Family Tree
Demo Team
Demo Team Fundraiser
2003 Demo Team
2004 Demo Team
2005 Demo Team
2008 Demo Team
Instructors
Kathy J. Owen – 8th Degree Black Belt
Julio da Ponte – 4th Degree Black Belt
Carl Hewlett – 4th Degree Black Belt
Tina Ruth – 1st Degree Black Belt
Keith Rishell – 3rd Degree Black Belt
Schedules
Videos
Promo Videos
Demo Video – Chopsticks
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Newark Kenpo Karate uses and protects any information that you give Newark Kenpo Karate when you use this website.
Newark Kenpo Karate is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Newark Kenpo Karate may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from: October 2012
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
You can find more information about cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
For a video about cookies visit a look at cookies
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
Category 1: strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Category 2: performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
Category 3: functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email to: webmaster ( at ) delawarekenpo.com
admin@newarkkenpokarate.com
Comments are closed.
Search for:
Welcome to Newark Kenpo Karate
NKK Upcoming EventsNo eventsFollow Us!
Login Login
Username:
Password:
Remember me
Recover password | Create an Account
From Our Facebook Page Our facebook posts have moved to the facebook feed page.
Register
Log in,
RSS,
Comments RSS