https://newburyrfc.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Covid-19 protocol
Gallery
Rooms
The Wickens Suite
The Kickers Bar and Suite
The Boardroom
Menus
Bars
Weddings
What’s On
Sponsors
Contact
all things Rugby
BannerWe are open for room hire and events from 1 September 2020
Our Covid-19 Response
Upcoming EventsThere are no upcoming events at this timeUpcoming Events
Newbury RFC is committed to protecting your personal information when you are using any of our services. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us. In order to inform you about the full range of products and services that Newbury RFC offers, we will sometimes need to collect information about you.
What type of information will Newbury RFC collect about me?
When you contact Newbury RFC or sign up to receive information about our products or services, through methods such as e-newsletter sign up, the website contact page, booking room hire, competitions, ordering products, social media or other online registration, we may collect information about you. This could include your name, e-mail address, telephone or mobile number, postal address, date of birth and other details. Different services or online portals may ask for different information.
By giving your details, you allow Newbury RFC to provide you with information we deem to be relevant to you.
How will Newbury RFC use the information they collect about me?
Newbury RFC may use your personal information for a number of different reasons, including:
For service administration purposes, i.e. we may contact you to process the service or product you have signed up for.
To notify you of changes to our service or product.
To contact you about a submission you have made to our website, social media sites or contact email addresses.
To analyse and improve the services offered by the Newbury RFC Venue website for example to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience.
To manage our competitions and contact the winners.
To inform you further about products or services that you have expressed interested in via our website, e-newsletters, social media sites and email addresses.
To meet orders or requests for products and services, to process payments, and to keep our records up to date.
Where you have specifically consented to be contacted about products or services that we offer.
Newbury RFC will not share your personal information with any third parties or organisations unless you have specifically consented to let us do so.
Right to be Forgotten
Under Article 17 of the GDPR individuals have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
Individuals have the right to have their personal data erased if:
the personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose which you supplied it for;
you wish to withdraw consent of us holding your data;
if you object to the processing of your data and there is no longer an overriding legitimate interest to continue this processing;
you object to the use of your data being processed for direct marketing purposes;
your believe your data to have been processed unlawfully (i.e. in breach of the lawfulness requirement of the 1st principle);
you are legally obliged to remove your data;
if the data has been processed to offer information society services to a child.
To request your right to be forgotten, please contact us verbally or in writing.
You will be given the opportunity to withdraw your consent from being contacted via direct marketing.
Will Newbury RFC share my personal information with anyone else?
We will not pass your information to third parties for marketing purposes unless you have consented to this. However we may need to disclose your data to third parties where we need to do so in order to provide the product or service you have requested. Otherwise we will keep your information confidential, except where disclosure is required or permitted by law, such as to government bodies.
When will Newbury RFC contact me?
Newbury RFC may contact you:
In order to carry out a service that you have signed up for.
In relation to any comment or contribution you have made to the Newbury RFC Venue website, social media sites or message board.
In relation to your entry into our competitions.
Where you have opted to receive newsletters or other correspondence.
To invite you to complete surveys about our services.
For marketing purposes where you have expressed an interest in our products or services previously, or have directly signed up to receive marketing communications from Newbury RFC.
What if I am aged 16 or under?
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with you personal data.
How long will Newbury RFC keep my personal data?
Newbury RFC will keep your personal information on our systems in order to continue providing our service to you. If you wish to cancel any marketing communications from Newbury RFC you can do so by following the ‘Unsubscribe’ instructions. If you do unsubscribe from this service, your record may stay on our systems so we can ensure that we do not contact you in the future.
Can I find out what personal information Newbury RFC holds about me?
Yes, under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that Newbury RFC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. If you have any further questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact:
Newbury RFC, Monks Lane, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 7RW
Email: finance@newburyrfc.org.uk
Cookies
Cookies are stored in your browser and enable a site to ‘remember’ little bits of information between pages or visits. To find out more about cookies take a look at Cookiepedia.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and to provide and consistent and accurate service to the user. They are usually linked to actions such as filling out request forms. If you turn these cookies off this may prevent some sections of the website working correctly.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies help us to measure visits to the site and where those visits have come from. They help understand which pages are popular and how visitors move around the site. All information collected by these cookies is completely anonymous. If you don’t allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited the site and won’t be able to monitor and improve its performance.
Third Party Cookies.
These may be set through our site via third parties such as Google and YouTube. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They don’t store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies you may experience less targeted advertising.
What people sayWhat people say
Really helpful staff. Great facilities, very clean.
Parking is huge and the grounds always look great!
David Cox
Our SponsorsOur Sponsors
Where toHome
Hire us now
Gallery
Rooms
Privacy Policy
Where to 2Book us
Weddings
Our Sponsors
Contact
all things Rugby
Contact usthe Venue team
Monks Lane, Newbury,
RG14 7RW, Berkshire
01635 230 023
sales@newburyrfc.org.uk
How to find us