https://nmsc.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 20th, 2017
The North Mississauga Soccer Club (“the Club”) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Information Collection and Use
When you make a decision to register a player, to purchase Club Wear, to register for a camp, to register for a tournament or any other club event, The Club will use your information to process your order. We will also send you emails to confirm your order, and we may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your application. In addition, you will be automatically signed up to receive email updates about Club events.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. The Club does not screen our recommended links, however, please be aware that the Club is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Newsletter
Registration information is used to allow The Club to communicate better with our members. The information collected during registration enables us to give email subscribers current information updates regarding Club activities.
Confidentiality
The Club may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. Your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. The Club will not use personally identifiable information of children. Your information will never be sold, rented ,loaned or made available in any manner to any third party.
If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic brochures from us with information on upcoming events. If you provide us with your telephone number and/or facsimile (FAX) number, you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with the information regarding upcoming events.
We will not share any information you give us with anyone outside of the Club except when required by our District Association, the Ontario Soccer Association or where required by law or court order.
Contacting North Mississauga Soccer Club
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact us.
Type and Press “enter” to Search, or Click Anywhere to Cancel
Type and Press “enter” to Search, or Click Anywhere to Cancel