https://no1soccercamps.com/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy governs No. 1 Soccer Camps at https://no1soccercamps.com (the “Site”) and is owned by No. 1 Soccer Camps, a Virginia Company, with offices at 13294 Amblewood Drive Manassas, VA 20112. Questions regarding clarification of this policy may be emailed to info@no1soccercamps.com.
This statement of our Privacy Policy makes disclosures concerning our collection of information, including personal information, when you use the Site as well as how we use and disclose that information to others. BY USING THE SITE YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Information We Collect. We collect personal and non-personal information when you provide it to us in the course of using our Site. The personal information that we may collect includes your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, credit card number, and financial information. The non-personal information that we may collect includes your browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your ISP, operating system, and your Internet protocol (IP) Address. The non-personal information is not used by us to personally identify you and is not readily usable for that purpose.
When you subscribe to our service, make a purchase through our Site or otherwise submit information to our Site, we will collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, email address, and other information that we explicitly request during the respective process.
In addition, if you communicate with us regarding the Site or any of our services or products, we collect any information that you provide to us during the course of our communication.
We may use analytic and reporting technologies to record non-personal information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser software, operating system types, click patterns, and the dates and times that the Site and our services are accessed by you. We may enter into contracts with third parties to help us manage, monitor and optimize our Site and measure the effectiveness of our advertising, communications and use of the Site. We may use web beacons and cookies (described below) for this purpose.
Our Use of Information for Internal Purpose. We use your personal information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our Site and the products and services we offer and sell, to collect credit card payments for subscription fees and other purchases you make, and to provide customer support.
We use the non-personal information we collect to track the use of the Site and to assist us in providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our Site and the services and products we offer and sell.
Our Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties. We will disclose your personal information to protect or enforce our legal rights and policies, to protect or enforce the legal rights of a third party, or as we in good faith believe we are required to do so by law (such as to comply with a subpoena or court order, for example).
We may contract with various third parties who help us provide, maintain and improve the Site and the services we provide and the services and products we offer and sell and such third parties may have access to your personal information in order to perform their services. For example, we use a third party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract out production, fulfillment, analytics, reporting or other operations. We may contract with third party contractors to help us manage, monitor and optimize our Site and the services and products we offer and sell. We may also use third party contractors to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising, and communications. We will enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with all third parties that have access to your personal information which will prohibit them from using or disclosing your personal information except for the purpose of providing services to us. We intend to take commercially reasonable steps to enforce such non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements if and when we become aware of any violations.
Our Disclosure of Non-Personal Information to Third Parties. We may disclose non-personal Information, in aggregate form, to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others. You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information.
Our Use of Cookies and Web Beacons. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Most websites use cookies. We will use cookies to track your use of the Site and the services and products we offer and sell, provide you with a more personalized user experience, and to facilitate your logging in to the Site.
A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than a 1×1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Site or receiving the e-mail.
Cookies and web beacons used by us will not be linked to your personal information.
How We Protect Your Personal Information. We consider the security of your personal information to be very important. When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number and/or social security number on our site, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (sometimes referred to as “SSL”).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee absolute security. We are not responsible for the unauthorized acts of others and we assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access (such as through hacking) or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information. You may obtain a copy of and request that we correct errors in your personal information by emailing us at info@no1soccercamps.com. If you desire to obtain a copy of your personal information, you will be required to provide proof of your identity. If your personal information changes or if you no longer want to subscribe to or use the Site, you may correct, update or deactivate your personal information and your account through the account management screen. If you wish to deactivate or terminate your subscription, please send an email to info@no1soccercamps.com.
Application of Privacy Policy You Access Third Party Websites. You will be able to access third party websites directly from the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites. We cannot control how third parties may use personal information you disclose to them, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your personal information to its provider.
Children’s Privacy. Our Site and the services and products we offer and sell are intended for individuals ages 18 and older. Therefore, it is unlikely that children under the age of 18 will use the Site or purchase the services or products we offer. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 18. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 18.
If you are ages 13 to 17, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your personal information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. If you wish to do so, please contact us at info@no1soccercamps.com.
Opting-Out From Receiving Communications From the Site. You may opt-out from having your personal information used for certain purposes. For example, if you purchase a product or service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you are free to opt out of promotional communications. If you no longer wish to receive any promotional or other communications from us, you may opt-out by following the instructions included in each email communication or by emailing us at info@no1soccercamps.com.
Changes in Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. We will notify on our Site whenever there is a change in our Privacy Policy. The date of this version of our Privacy Policy is 11/20/16.
No. 1 Soccer Camps, the first national camp of it's kind, was founded by Dr. Joseph Machnik in 1977. Since then, over 85,000 soccer players and coaches have attended No. 1 Soccer Camps.
Recent Posts
Navigating College Sports in the COVID-19 Era
College Recruitment Tips from College Coaches Zoom Chat
No. 1 Soccer Camps – Elite Training Camp
New for 2019 – No. 1 National Training Centers for Goalkeepers
New for 2019 – Elite Training Camp
Newsletter Sign-Up
Full Name*Email*
Search our Site Is there something specific you are looking for? Please use the form below.
Search for:
Search
© 2020 Copyright by No1soccercamps. All rights reserved. Powered by
Blue 16 Media
Find Camps
Contact
Terms
Privacy
Acceptable Use
Sitemap
X
No. 1 Soccer Camps and COVID-19
Read More