https://npmb.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for NPMB:
Personal Information
General use of this website does not require any personal information, or collection of any information that personally identifies users, or allows users to be personally contacted.
Registration to use the forums or other user features of the website, only requires that users submit a valid email address. NOTE: User email addresses can be viewed publicly if users choose not to “hide” their email address (in user settings). Also, keep in mind if users post their email (or phone/cell number, or any other personal information) in any messages within the forums then it may be picked up by a search engine.
NPMB does not sell, post, or otherwise disseminate user email address, or any other user information – never have, never will. NPMB may on very rare occasions send out a mass email to its users in order to notify them of major changes at the website.
User Profiles
The information in user profiles is publicly available to all registered NPMB users, including user email address – unless it is “hidden” (as noted above).
Information Automatically Logged
Individual user IP address are logged during the registration process.
Cookies
A cookie is set in order to track user sessions. This allows the forum system to log users in, and for users to easily track which posts they have read. The image gallery also sets a cookie to manage default language settings.
External Links
This website contains links to other websites. NPMB is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Sharing Legal Disclaimer
NPMB will only disclose personal information when required by law, when such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order, or other legal process served on this website.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding NPMB’s privacy policy, please contact NPMB at: mail@npmb.com
Comments are closed.