https://nspserves.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementBeckett Stokes2020-01-08T23:34:28+00:00
Online Privacy Practices, Privacy and Data Security
At National Ski Patrol System, Inc. (NSP), your right to privacy and data security is a significant concern. While we strive to protect your personal information, NSP cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during a visit to our website.  This privacy law is subject to Colorado law, especially Colorado law associated with corporations and association article 7-3-6-102
NSP only asks for specific types of personal information
In a few areas on our website we ask you to provide information that will enhance your site visit or to follow up with you.  Required information to have an NSP account is Name, Mailing Address, and Email.  All other demographic information is optional, however completing other demographic information helps the organization provide better resources to you.
Personally Identifiable Information is required for the following activities:
Becoming a member of NSP
Placing an order from the online store;
Providing feedback in an online survey;
Participating in a promotional offer;
Requesting e-mail notification of your order status;
Changing personal information;
Enrolling in NSP courses; and to
Placing a “Pro Deals” order through one of our sponsors.
NSP only uses your personal information for specific membership service
The information you provide will be kept private and used to support your membership with NSP.  NSP may share your information with select sponsors for the purposes of marketing products or services to you.  Employees, contractors, and volunteer leaders of NSP who have access to your personal information are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for NSP.
You can opt out of receiving further marketing from NSP or sponsors at any time
NSP and sponsors may send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you.  This includes using email, traditional mail, and social media.  If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us.  At any time the process for opting out of receiving further marketing from NSP is straightforward.  All that is required is to send an e-mail to Member Services requesting that your name be removed from future promotional communication.
You have the option of opting out of NSP communications specifically our e-newsletters or magazine mailing.  You also have the option to opt out of our practice of sharing name and address with current sponsors.
To opt out of one or more of these, you can update this information in the preferences section of your profile or contact memberservices@nsp.org
Note: Our database uses automated emails for payment receipts and course registration confirmations.   To remove your email from these types of emails contact Member Services.
Members residing in the European Union will be contacted individually to opt-in on all promotional communication.
Internet Commerce
The online store and membership sites are designed to protect the privacy of your credit card information, name, address, e-mail, and any other information you provide us. NSP is committed to data security with respect to information collected on our site. We offer the industry standard security measures available through your browser called SSL encryption. If at any time you would like to make a purchase, but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may place an order with credit card over the phone by calling the office or by mailing payment by check.
NSP does not store credit card information, which significantly reduces the risk of your credit card being compromised.  NSP websites store the last four digits of the card number to look up transactions.
Customized Experience
At NSP, we primarily use “cookies” to help us improve your shopping experience in our online store.  NSP has no desire or intent to infringe on your privacy while you are using the www.nsp.org site.
Third-Party Sites
Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to www.nsp.org are not covered by this privacy statement.
Passwords:The NSP website uses passwords to access the site.  These passwords should be unique to you and can be changed online or by contacting Member Services.  Please keep your password confidential.
Data Breach:
In the event of a data breach we will contact all members whose information may have been compromised.  NSP defines a data breach as an event which results in the Personally  Identifiable Information has been accessed and shared outside the organization without approval of the Executive Director or Board of Directors.  NSP takes the threat of data breaches seriously and has implemented many security measures including the following.  Access to the database is controlled based on the role and position of volunteer and paid leadership within the organization.  Our website is PCIA compliant and is hosted on servers which are backed up daily.  Office computers are protected by new firewalls and have comprehensive virus protection.
Contact NSP
National Ski Patrol System, Inc. is the sole operator of the NSP websites. If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please call, write, or email us at the following address:
NSP Member Services
133 South Van Gordon Street, Suite 100
Lakewood, CO 80228
(303) 988-1111
memberservices@nsp.org