https://nt.gov.au/copyright-disclaimer-and-privacy
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
For news, updates and alerts, go to the coronavirus (COVID-19) website.
×
Search
Home
Copyright, disclaimer and privacy
Copyright, disclaimer and privacy
CopyrightCopyright in the material which appears on this website is subject to the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth).No part of this website may be reproduced or reused for any purpose whatsoever, apart from:fair dealing for the purposes of private study, research, criticism or review, as permitted under the Actor where expressly provided under a Creative Commons licence.Where specific licence terms are applied to any materials on this website, those terms prevail to the extent of any inconsistency with this statement, and end users wishing to rely upon such licence must comply with those terms in all respects.DisclaimerThe Northern Territory Government respects Indigenous cultures and has attempted to ensure no material has been included on our web sites that is offensive to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples.Each user waives and releases the Northern Territory Government to the full extent permitted by law from any and all claims relating to the usage of material or information made available through the system. Subject to any terms implied by law which cannot be excluded, in no event shall the Northern Territory Government be liable for any losses or damages, including incidental or consequential damages, resulting from use of the material. While care has been taken to ensure that information contained in Northern Territory Government publications is true and correct at the time of publication, changes in circumstances after the time of publication may impact on the accuracy of this information. Northern Territory Government gives no warranty or assurance, and makes no representation as to the accuracy of any information or advice contained, or that it is suitable for your intended use.In addition to locally sourced information, the Northern Territory Government web server provides links to external internet sites. These external information sources are outside our control. It is the responsibility of internet users to make their own decisions about the accuracy, currency, reliability and correctness of information found. Although care is taken to provide links to suitable material from Northern Territory Government sites the nature of the internet prevents the guaranteeing of suitability, completeness or accuracy of any material that this site may be linked to.Northern Territory Government is not endorsing any provider of products or services by facilitating access to information about these providers from its web pages, nor does it accept responsibility for the quality of goods and services provided by third parties accessed through these pages.Privacy statementYour privacyWhen you use our websites, we collect information about you. This privacy statement explains what we collect and why.When you look at our websiteWe can't see any information about you when you look at our website.We can see how many times each web page has been looked at, when it was looked at, and other general information.We can't identify you from this information. We use this information to help us design better websites.When you type information into our websiteSome of our web pages allow you to type information. The way we use this information depends on why you have provided it.Example: You fill in an application for a government job. You send it to us through our website. You should expect we will use the information to process your job application.We can also use your information for other purposes if:you say we canthere is a law which says we can.If you have to log into an area of our website with a 'username', we will be able to see which pages you looked at while you were logged in.There are people who help us monitor and maintain our website. These people may see your information as part of their work to keep our website safe, secure, and in working order.We may also show your information to people like the Police to protect someone's safety, or if it suggests a criminal offence.When you click on a linkSome of our web pages have links to other people's websites. This privacy statement won't apply to other people's websites. You should check their privacy statement before giving them information.More informationWe follow the rules about privacy set out in the Information Act 2002.You can read the act or learn more about it from the Office of the Information Commissioner NT.If you have any queries about our website privacy and security practices please send your inquiry via our online feedback form.
Last updated: 22 October 2020
Share this page:
Back to top