https://ntchockey.com/privacy-policy/
NTC Hockey Privacy Policy - NTC HOCKEY
National Training Centres
ABOUT NTC
NTC Hockey the Company
Meet The Team
Mental Coaching
Sport Training
Return to School Program
On Ice Training
Skating Treadmill
Building The Complete Athlete – Hockey Dryland Training
BTCA Essential – Online Program
C.A.P.S. Off Ice Hockey Training
C.A.P.S. Online Membership
KINDUCT
Gallery
Showcases
Junior Showcase Hockey
Junior showcase updates
Junior Showcase Alumni
Junior Showcase Gallery
Biosteel Camp Gallery
Blogs
How Legends are Made
Monday Motivation
Articles
Book A Session
Testimonials
Store
Free Trial
ABOUT NTC
– NTC Hockey the Company
– Meet The Team
Mental Coaching
Sport Training
– Return to School Program
– On Ice Training
– Skating Treadmill
– Building The Complete Athlete – Hockey Dryland Training
– BTCA Essential – Online Program
– C.A.P.S. Off Ice Hockey Training
– C.A.P.S. Online Membership
– KINDUCT
– Gallery
Showcases
– Junior Showcase Hockey
– Junior showcase updates
– Junior Showcase Alumni
– Junior Showcase Gallery
– Biosteel Camp Gallery
Blogs
– How Legends are Made
– Monday Motivation
– Articles
Book A Session
Testimonials
Store
Free Trial
Home »
NTC Hockey Privacy Policy
NTC Hockey Privacy Policy
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. NTC Hockey is committed to providing safe website for visitors of all ages and has implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. NTC Hockey complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog or website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
– Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
– We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies'?
The Company, in common with many website operators, may use standard technology called “cookies” on its Sites. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular web site. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser; however, some areas of the Sites may not function properly if you do so.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Policy Change:
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our Site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Protection of Children Online:
The Company considers the protection of children's privacy, especially online, to be of the utmost importance. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children nor do we allow them to become registered users of, or to request information through, our Sites or help-seeking information lines.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices:
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email • Within 1 business day
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Acceptance of our Privacy Policy:
By using this Site or any other The Company Site or interactive banner ads, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the Site. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
ntchockey.com
90 Woodbine Downs Blvd,
Etobicoke, ON Etobicoke
Canada
M9W 5S6
Share this:
Free Trial
CONTACT INFO
info@ntchockey.com
Westwood Arena, Above Rink #5
90 Woodbine Downs Blvd.
Contact Us
GET YOUR COPY
BREAKFAST TELEVISION @NTC
Privacy Policy - Copyright ©2020 National Training Centres. All rights reserved. | Sitemap | Contact Us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok