https://ntsc.ca/privacypolicy
HOME
ABOUT US
Directors
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
Harassment Policy
Contact Us
Awards
Covid updates
JOIN US
SKI
Overview
Pick-up Locations
Alpine Schedule
Alpine Day Trip info
Beginner Skier or Snowboarder
Rentals
Nordic Trips Sign-Up
Nordic Day Trip Info (FAQ)
Après Trip info
How to book a day trip
TRAVEL
PARTY
SNOW SCHOOL
Privacy PolicyNTSC only collects the information you provide at time of membership renewal and event registrations solely for the purpose of operating the Club and delivery of the Activities you participate in and electronic communication you receive. To deliver Activities you participate in and communications you receive your personal information may need to be shared with Directors of the Club and volunteers (who all agree to be bound by a code of conduct which includes protection of member information) but only as needed for the delivery of those specific Activities or communications. NTSC does not sell or use your data for any other purpose. NTSC does not itself collect or hold payment or credit card or banking information.Activities means any Club organized event including, but not limited to, day trips, general and special socials, charter trips, training, general Membership meetings or any other activity or undertaking which can be reasonably related to a relationship established between or among Members of the Club.
Contact persons – members can contact the Operations and Technology Director or the Secretary for questions and support regarding privacy.Collection: All the data we collect, and hold can be seen in your online profile when you log into the Club website (this includes your personal information at membership renewal, event registration and invoice history). Note payment information is not collected or managed by NTSC but separate PCI compliant payment provider(s).
Use: Personal data is used solely for the delivery of Club Activities and communications and produce summary statistics of membership activity to monitor and adjust the Activities we deliver. There are no commercial or secondary use of your data by NTSC or any third party.Disclosure:         o    Information is only disclosed to Directors and volunteers of the Club who are subject to our volunteer code of conduct,         o    For participation in a charter trip a member’s event specific registration information may need to be disclosed to the external travel provider in order for them to deliver that event but such data is also subject to a separate contract between the travel provider and the participating member         o    Within your profile you may choose which information you wish to share in your profile with other members and at time of event registration you can choose if your participation in an event is visible to other members and the public or is anonymous. Within your online profile you can also choose to opt out of all electronic communications.
Retention: NTSC retains some information for a minimum of 7 years in line with our CRA taxation and audit requirements to do so.Access: All information you provided as a member of NTSC is accessible in your profile when you log into the Club website including all event registration and invoice information.
HOME
ABOUT US
JOIN US
SKI
TRAVEL
PARTY
SNOW SCHOOL
We live in and around the city and love to ski and snowboard! Established in 1960, North Toronto Ski Club is a travelling downhill/alpine, cross-country and snowboard club run by member volunteers. Our club is small enough to be open and friendly but big enough to provide all the benefits of a large ski club of 1,150 members.
© North Toronto Ski Club
Design by Omni Studios
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software