https://nypost.com/2020/09/24/kenny-payne-can-help-knicks-julius-randle-unlock-star-potential/
Skip to main content
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to Reading
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
Sports
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
‘Special relationship’ can help Knicks’ Julius Randle unlock star potential
By Marc Berman
View author archive
email the author
follow on twitter
Get author RSS feed
1
Rich Miami parents losing minds over Ivanka and Jared's school choice
2
George Clooney was hospitalized after losing 28 pounds for his latest role
3
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
4
Dorinda Medley's daughter Hannah raises concerns over 'thigh gap' video
5
'Ellen' loses sponsors, A-listers and viewers following workplace misconduct scandal
Name(required)
Email(required)
Comment(required)
Submit
September 24, 2020 | 4:39pm				| Updated September 24, 2020 | 6:38pm
More On:
new york knicks
Knicks guard taking 'aggressive' approach after woeful season
Knicks finally returning to action nine months after NBA pause
Knicks star expecting 'weird' NBA season
Knicks rookie bringing one needed trait to roster
They have all taken turns as NBA playoff heroes in the Orlando bubble: the Heat’s Tyler Herro and Bam Adebayo, Nuggets’ Jamal Murray and Lakers’ Anthony Davis.
They have three things in common. The four players are still in the NBA’s Final Four. Each once wore Kentucky blue. And all graduated from Kenny Payne University.
Julius Randle, who played at Kentucky in the 2013-14 season, is not yet in that select group despite gaudy NBA numbers. But he’s now back at KPU.
According to a source, Randle not only showed up for the Knicks’ week-long individual workouts that kicked off their “Delete 8’’ OTAs, but he has stuck around for the voluntary group practices that began Wednesday.
Part of the reason Randle did so was to be around Payne, the former Kentucky assistant who joined Tom Thibodeau’s staff in a surprise move this summer.
Julius RandleGetty Images
Now 2019 lottery pick Kevin Knox and Randle both have the opportunity to benefit from reuniting with Payne.
“For all players, the offseason is usually a time where you can add to your game,” Thibodeau said on a Zoom call Wednesday after practice. “Whether you’re a first-year player, second-year player or a ten-year player, you never want to stop learning.’’
Randle will begin his sixth season in 2021 and he still has to learn to win. After five NBA seasons, Randle, 25, has yet to reach the playoffs. He’s absorbed lots of losses with the Lakers, Pelicans and in his first season with the Knicks, who finished their partial season at 21-45.
In a Twitter message after Payne’s official hiring, Randle wrote, “Yessir KP! Nobody works harder and more committed to the players. Love it!”
Kenny PayneGetty Images
“Julius loves Kenny — it’s a special relationship,’’ one person familiar with the situation said. “Kenny has built a strong relationship with so many players. He was a huge part of Julius’ development early in his career.’’
Randle, who averaged 15 points and 10.4 rebounds as a one-and-done Kentucky freshman, has two years left on his contract but only one fully guaranteed year.
The soft-spoken southpaw is emerging from a mixed-bag first season as a Knick. It was the first time NBA defenses focused primarily on Randle. He was swarmed by defenders and a turnover machine early in the season.
Randle played sounder under interim coach Mike Miller. Though he’s far from an elite defender, Randle’s numbers were strong except for his 3-point shooting percentage. And that is no small thing in the 2020 NBA. Randle nearly averaged a double-double. (19.5 points, 9.7 rebounds) but shot 27.7 percent from deep.
Payne’s other former guys are dominating the playoffs — and the Hornets’ PJ Washington just earned Second Team All-Rookie honors.
Payne was a chief influencer in getting Herro to decommit from Wisconsin and told anyone in the NBA who would listen he’s an excellent all-around ballplayer — not just a gifted outside shooter. Herro, selected 13th, erupted for 37 points in Wednesday’s Game 4 Heat win over the Celtics in the Eastern Conference Finals.
Former Kentucky star Devin Booker has called Payne a “hidden gem’’ in Lexington. Karl-Anthony Towns once told The Athletic, “KP is one of the best development coaches in the world. KP is the horse beneath the jockey driving Kentucky basketball.”
see also
Knicks find possible solution to their Kevin Knox problem
Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau has always relied on former Kentucky...
Adebayo, who had an historic block on Jayson Tatum in Game 1, and Herro are one game from the NBA Finals with Miami holding a 3-1 lead over Boston.
As is Miami’s Jimmy Butler, whom Thibodeau molded into a winning player in Chicago and wound up losing his job in Minnesota because he believed in him so passionately. Butler is now making Thibodeau look good, too.
Perhaps Thibodeau and Payne can mold Randle and Knox into winners along the lines of Butler, Herro and Abedayo. Even Thibodeau admitted being unaware of how good a teacher Payne was until recently.
Thibodeau’s stated ideals on Wednesday sounded very similar to the scorching Heat: a grinding and intelligent club that lacks flash while sweeping up all defensive rebounds.
“I think a big part of (our identity) will be who the personnel is, and then we’re gonna play to our strengths and cover up our weaknesses,’’ Thibodeau said. “But the foundation will be the defense, the rebounding, low turnovers and sharing the ball.
“Whatever gives us the best chance to win on any given night that’s playing smart.”
Filed under
julius randle
,
kenny payne
,
new york knicks
,
tom thibodeau
,
tyler herro
,
9/24/20
Share this article:
Share this:FacebookTwitter
Flipboard
WhatsAppEmailCopy
Read Next
Lakers take their LeBron James frustration straight to the...
Share Selection
Columnists
Phil Mushnick
Kyrie Irving still doesn't get it
Mark Cannizzaro
There's so much more to Giants' coordinator
see all columnists
Sports Podcast
THE BEST INSIGHTS FROM THE ULTIMATE INSIDERS
Blue Rush: A NY Giants Podcast
Listen on Apple Podcasts | Spotify
Gang's All Here: A NY Jets Podcast
Listen on Apple Podcasts | Spotify
Jalen Rose: Renaissance Man
Listen on Apple Podcasts | SpotifySports Odds
Get the latest odds on all the top sports.
See Odds
ScoreboardNBANo games todaySee More
Home Chef’s holiday meal kits are all you need for the perfect family dinner
Cole Haan discounts boots to under $100 for limited-time sale
These last-minute Nordstrom Rack gifts are perfect for everyone on your list
At-home COVID-19 testing is now available for under $125
15 amazing IT Cosmetics gifts you can buy at Ulta
More Stories
page six
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
nypost
Harrison Ford to reprise 'Indiana Jones' role for fifth and final movie
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
click to copy