https://oakknollgolfcourse.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service | Oak Knoll Golf Course
Skip to content
Oak Knoll Golf Course
Menu
Home
Contact Us
Lessons
Restaurant
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
At Oak Knoll Golf Course, accessible from , one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Oak Knoll Golf Course and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at oakknollgolfcourse@admin.com
Log Files
Oak Knoll Golf Course follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Oak Knoll Golf Course.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Oak Knoll Golf Course, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Oak Knoll Golf Course has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Oak Knoll Golf Course’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Oak Knoll Golf Course does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy (created with the GDPR Generator) applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Oak Knoll Golf Course. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
WelcomeOak Knoll Golf Course founded in 1926 was the first course in the Northern Willamette Valley. New leadership is bringing many new and exciting changes to Salem's landmark golf course. Come check out the NEW restaurant re-opening this Spring for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Tee-Times are suggested and may be arranged up to two weeks in advance by calling the pro-shop at (503) 378-0344. We are open everyday from 8am to 5pm. Click Here for pricing information.
What we have to offer:
Full 18 hole golf course
Enclosed driving range.
Complete Pro-shop
Chipping and Putting areas
Private & Group Lessons
Tournaments
Restaurant & Lounge
Daily Specials:
Tuesdays: Pay for 9 holes, get 18
Fridays: Two for one green fees
Everyday: Free range balls with paid 18 holes.
Search for:
Categories
News
Recent Posts
Oak Knoll Newsletter
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Dara by Automattic.