https://okcmarathon.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Oklahoma City National Memorial Foundation, Inc., which conducts the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon (the “Marathon”) respects the privacy of our athletes, volunteers, website visitors, and other individuals. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share information provided by you or otherwise collected or gathered when you visit one of the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon Sites.   “The Memorial”, “OKCNM,” “us,” “we” or “our” refers to the Oklahoma City National Memorial Foundation, Inc. The “Marathon Sites” or “Sites” refers to www.okcmarathon.com and its sub-domains and affiliated sites, the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon Mobile Application, as well as OKCMarathon pages and accounts on Facebook®, Twitter®, Instagram® and YouTube®, which are owned and/or operated by the Memorial. “You” refers to users of the Sites.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:
Is collected offline or on any Oklahoma City National Memorial website, mobile application or social media account other than the Marathon Sites
You provide to or is collected by any third party, including information supplied to third party service providers.
The Oklahoma City National Memorial websites and apps and third party websites and apps have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully because it discusses how we will collect, use, share and process your personal information. By accessing the Sites, you agree to this Privacy Policy and its terms and consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the State of Oklahoma and  whether you are in or outside the State of Oklahoma. If you have any questions or comments, you may contact us at: Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon, Attn: Webmaster, 620 N Harvey Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73102.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, REGISTER WITH OR USE THE SITES.  BY DOWNLOADING, REGISTERING WITH AND/OR USING THE SITES YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME.  YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITES MEANS YOU ACCEPT THE CHANGES, SO PLEASE CHECK THE PRIVACY POLICY PERIODICALLY FOR UPDATES.
A Special Note About Children
It is our desire to protect the privacy of children using the Internet. As a result, children are not eligible to use or purchase goods or services through the Site or submit personally identifiable information through the Sites unless supervised by a parent or guardian. Teenagers should check with their parents/guardians before entering information on any website. If you are the parent or guardian of a child who you believe has submitted personal information to us, please contact us and we will take appropriate steps to remove such information from our files.
What Information Do We Collect?
Personally Identifiable Information
Race Registration
When you sign up for a race (“Race”) through the Sites the following information is collected :
Full Name
Mailing Address
Email address
Credit card information
Phone Number
Date of Birth
Gender
Emergency Contact Information
Predicted Finish Time
Whether you wish to participate in any disability designated events
Race Activities and Results
We use a third party service provider to collect and process this information.  Information about how that service provider will treat your personal information may be found here: https://runsignup.com/About-Us/Privacy-Policy. By registering for a Race, including the Marathon, you agree to be bound by this service provider’s policy as well as this Privacy Policy.
We also collect information when you participate in a Race including:
Real-Time location during a Race
Race Times
Splits
Finishing results
Purchase of Goods or Donations
If you choose to donate or to purchase goods through the Site, you will be required to provide certain personal information and authorization. In addition to using such information to process purchases or donations, we use the information to assist us in customizing the Site to better service your needs. Information you will be asked to provide may include the following:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Home and business phone and/or fax numbers
In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. If you prefer to mail or phone in a donation, please mail payment to P.O. Box 323, Oklahoma City, OK, 73101.
Automated Technologies
When you download, access, and/or use the Sites for any purpose, we may use technology to automatically collect:
Usage Details. When you access and use the Sites, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the Sites, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the Sites.
Device Information. We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device’s unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device’s telephone number.
Stored Information and Files. The Sites also may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts, and address book information.
Location Information. The Sites may collect real-time information about the location of your device.
We use a number of technologies for automatic information collection, including the use of cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and/or other data files to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across the different applications of the website and devices. We log usage data when you use the website, including when you view or click on content, browser type, browser language, perform a search or request, the date and time of your request or use one or more tools offered through the website.  We use log-ins, device information internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, and cookies and similar technologies to identify you and log your use.  When you access or leave the website, we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next. We may also get information about your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, and/or ISP or your mobile carrier. We also receive data from your devices and networks, including location data.  By using our website without changing your browser or device settings to disable cookie, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies as described in this policy.
C: Creative Content
Occasionally we may conduct contests or solicit creative content from you. If you provide creative content (“Work”) we may retain the Work you submit. Some contests require additional information, such as school, teacher, school address or other information. If collected, this information may be retained in the manner specified above.
By submitting Work through any of the Marathon Sites you agree to and do hereby grant us a perpetual, royalty free worldwide non-exclusive license to reprint, republish, reproduce, distribute copies, display publicly, perform publicly, create or reproduce derivative works, or incorporate the Work into one or more collective works. You further agree that these rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. These rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats.
Parents or guardians of persons under the age of majority are required to execute a release with respect to submissions of Work created by minors. By executing the release parents or guardians also agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy on behalf of said minors.
The terms of this section shall apply notwithstanding the terms with respect to third party marketers.
Third Party Collection
Please keep in mind that the Sites may contain links to other websites or apps. You are responsible for reviewing the privacy statements and policies of those other websites you choose to link to or from the Website, so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and store your information. Please also keep in mind that some of the Sites are provided, in part, by third-party providers such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, which have their own respective privacy policies.
We are not responsible for the privacy statements, policies or content of these other companies and websites or apps, including websites you link to or from the Sites. The OKCNM cannot regulate other sites, content or applications linked or provided from within the Sites. Some content or applications, including partner offers, on or in the Sites may be served by third-parties, including content providers, application providers, analytics companies, your mobile device manufacturer, and your mobile service provider. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How Do We Use the Information That We Obtain?
We use non-personally identifiable information for demographics and statistical analytics purposes. This information does not identify users with particularity and is strictly used to track visitor trends and analyze metrics related to the Site.
If you voluntarily provide personally identifiable information we will maintain that information in a database. Credit card information is discarded after use and not retained. If you voluntarily choose to opt-in to our mailing program, your e-mail or mailing address will be added to our mailing lists and you may receive periodic notifications of various events. You will always have the option to “unsubscribe” from future correspondence.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide for any purpose for which we have your consent, or for legitimate business purposes which may include when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or as necessary in the course of legal proceedings.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy to service providers including third party transaction processors we use for donations and product and ticket purchases and other third parties we use solely to support our business (such as the management of our data, maintenance, analysis, audit, fraud detection, communication and the like). They will have access to your information only as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. We do not control the use of data by any third party service providers and if you do not wish information to be shared, you should not utilize the Sites.
When you share information through the Sites, that information is viewable by you and by anyone else you choose to share it with.
World Marathon Majors
In addition to disclosure as described above, the Marathon is part of the Abbott World Majors Marathon (“AbbottWMM”) Series, and the following information will be shared with AbbottWMM:  (i) first name; (ii) surname; (iii) date of birth; (iv) Marathon title; (v) Marathon date; (vi) Marathon net/chip finish time; (vii) gender; (viii) overall Marathon finish position; (ix) Marathon position in gender; (x) Marathon position in Age Group; (xi) nationality; (xii) bib/start number.  The Information will be used by AbbottWMM in a ranking system as described at www.worldmajorsmarathon.com.  The AbbottWMM website has its own privacy policies, which you should read.
YOUR REQUESTS CONCERNING YOUR INFORMATION
For personally identifiable information that we have about you, you may make requests such as the following:
Deletion:  You may ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data. Please note that doing so may limit your ability to use certain functionality of the Marathon Sites.
Correction/Modification: You may ask us to change, update, or fix your data in certain cases, including if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data or to limit our use of it.
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data you have provided to us. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request as discussed below, we will disclose to you the categories of personal information we collected about you, the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you, our business purpose for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information (if any), the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request), and if we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a disclosure of that business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Certain state’s laws may provide you the right to make additional requests concerning your personal information.  If you are a resident of one of these states, and have provided us with personal information, state law may require that we provide you with certain information concerning your personally identifiable information. To request this information, send a request to here and include the phrase “[Your State] Privacy Request” in the subject line.  When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personally identifiable information you do not want us to share with third parties. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personally identifiable information or requesting this notice.
To make these or any other requests with respect to your personal information, you may contact us at:  Oklahoma City National Memorial Foundation, 620 N Harvey Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73102, or you contact us here or by phone (405) 235-3313. We ask that individuals making requests identify themselves and identify the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before we process any requests. We may decline to process requests if we cannot verify the requestor’s identity, if we believe the request will jeopardize the privacy of others, if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect, or for a similar legitimate purpose. In any case, where we provide information access, deletion or correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information.  If we modify or delete some or all of your personal information, we will retain your personal data if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce obligations or fulfill any other requests from you (for example, to opt-out of further messages or for a copy of your data).
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under applicable law. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
NOTICE OF PRIVACY RIGHTS TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident and have provided us with personally identifiable information, California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the California Business and Professions Code.  As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of personally identifiable information that we collect through the Sites and the categories of third party persons or entities with which such personally identifiable information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request.  California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of personally identifiable information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who we can and cannot share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request here and include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line.  When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personally identifiable information you do not want us to share with third parties.  Please allow thirty (30) days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personally identifiable information or requesting this notice.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
1. Information Security. We utilize security measures and a third-party secure service provider to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction. If you provide credit card information, the information is used one time for the purpose you specified and then deleted.
2. Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with industry standards, policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
3. Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices emphasize the protection of personal information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
4. What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information? We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so. If we, in good faith, believe that the law requires disclosure for the protection of our legal rights we may disclose your information to the proper authorities.
Limitations
Although we take measures to keep your information private and secure, no security measure is perfect. By using the Site you agree that we are not responsible for (i) any disclosure of your personal information made by you to a third party through your use of the Site; (ii) any disclosure of your personal information obtained illegally from us; or (iii) any accidental disclosure of your personal information made by us.
The Marathon Sites are provided “as is” without a warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular use, and/or non-infringement. We shall not be responsible or liable for any damage that may occur due to your use of the Site or from downloading any data or other content from the Site.
Notice
By using the Site you consent to our collection and use of the information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we make changes to our Privacy Policies we will post the revised Privacy Policy including such changes on the Site. The new Privacy Policy will be effective upon being posted to the Site. You are responsible for ensuring you have reviewed the most recent version of the Privacy Policy. For your convenience and future reference, the date of the version of the Privacy Policy set forth on the Site is listed below. You can print the version of our Privacy Policy that you reviewed and approved, and compare it to the version in effect when you use the Site in the future to determine what, if any, changes have been made.
Social Media Policy
While we encourage patrons and others to share thoughts and opinions on Marathon Sites, we expect that this will be done in a respectful manner. Postings must not otherwise violate local, state or federal law or Memorial policy. Accordingly, any postings inconsistent with these purposes, as determined by the Memorial in its sole discretion, may be immediately removed in whole or part without notice. In addition, the Memorial reserves the right to ban or block users who have posted in violation of this policy. We understand that social media is a 24/7 medium; however, our moderation capabilities are not. We may not see every inappropriate comment right away, and we are trusting in the maturity of our community to ignore personal attacks and negative speech or respond politely and to report violations to us.
October 20, 2020
Home
PARTICIPANTS
RACE WEEKEND
FAQ
APP
GET INVOLVED
DONATE
PRIVACY POLICY
Copyright © 2020 Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon