http://old.paktribune.com/contents/privacy-policy-13.html
Pakistan News Service
Friday Dec 11, 2020, Rabi-al-thani 25, 1442 Hijri
Follow onFacebook
Follow ontwitter
DiscussionForum
GetNews RSS
Contact PakTribune
Main
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Health
Tribune Corner
Kashmir
Afghanistan
Iraq
IT
Development
LATEST :
read top news
Pakistan News Home ->
Tribune Contents
Privacy Statement
We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
1. The internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domaine) and IP address ( an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
2. The date and time you access our site;
3. The pages you visit;
4. If you linked to this website from another website, the address of that other website.
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an e-mail to us, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. Moreover, we do not create individual profiles with the information you provide or give this information to any private organizations. Nor do we collect information for commercial marketing.
Tweet
Speak Out
View All
Military Courts
Imran - Qadri long march
Candid Corner
Exclusive by
Lt. Col. Riaz Jafri
(Retd)
Was it the 14 or 15 August??
11 August - Our Magna Charta
Army Promotions
Pakistan itself a victim of state-sponsored terrorism: Qamar Bajwa
Should You Try Napping During the Workday?
Suggested Sites
Daily News
robe grande taille
kjoler pa nett
schuhe damen
robe longue blanche
Eye Massager
Fx News
Celebs News
USA News
Us Essay Writers
Write Zillas-writing jobs online
Save a lot at SuperSaverMama
Home |
Advertisement |
Privacy Policy |
Disclaimer |
Copyright |
About us |
Contact us
Copyright © 2002-2013 PakTribune.Com All Rights Reserved
Powered by PakCyber.