https://oldrutsrugby.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJason Besant2020-05-16T15:07:10+01:00
Who we are
Our website address is: https://oldrutsrugby.com
What personal data we collect and hold about you and why we need it
The Old Rutlishians’ Association (Club) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, The Club is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way.
Membership & Subscriptions
You may give us information about you by filling in membership application or renewal forms, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, relationship (if any) with Rutlish School, and phone number. We will also retain information about type of membership, and payments made. We may also ask for relevant health information or other information which is classed as special category personal data. For junior players we may also require parental consent which includes agreement to the club’s use of photos and videos for illustrating the club’s activity in our communications with members.
We need data is to be able to administer your membership and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful bases for processing your personal data include (1) we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for, and (2) we have a legitimate interest in processing your data for the purposes of running the club. Reasons we need to process your data include:
for training and competitive matches
Sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions, to enter leagues, and competitive matches. This includes publishing of match results and issuing match reports.
for funding and reporting purposes
Sharing anonymised data as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority; Analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends; and Sending an annual club survey to improve your experience as a club member
for membership and club management
Processing of membership forms and payments; Club newsletter (e.g. e-Orbit) to inform members of important events connected to their membership, such as the Annual General Meeting, and of other membership benefits, such as events held at the club premised.
What special category data do we hold
Any special category health data we hold on you is only processed to allow the safe running of training sessions and matches. We process this data on the lawful basis of consent. Therefore, we will also need your explicit consent to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
How we use Social Media
The club uses the following social media for communications from time to time – Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter. All members are free to join groups that are set up for communications but there is no automatic opting in. If you join one of the Social Media sites, please note that provider of the social media platform(s) has their own privacy policies and that the club do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages.
Website comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Website Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to try and improve the website by understanding where users click and what pages are most popular
Who we share your data with
When you become a playing member of the Club, you may automatically be registered with the Rugby Football Union (RFU), Football Association (FA), or England Cricket Board (ECB). We will not provide your data for any other purpose than necessary for running of these organisations (e.g. insurance).
Your data may be shared with other members of Old Ruts Rugby and Old Rutlishians’ Association for the purposes of administering your membership or subscriptions, e.g. Coaches and Team managers.
We do not and never will share your data without your express permission to any 3rd party organisations unless we believe an unlawful or illegal act has been carried out by you which means we are obliged to notify law enforcement agencies or or other government bodies.
How long we retain your data for
We will hold your personal data for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was supplied. Data is updated every year on annual membership forms and other interactions you have with the club. For annual members, any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after two years of inactivity on an annual member’s account. For life members, we retain your personal data until we are otherwise advised. We regularly run searches on inactive life members to ensure we retain current name and address information. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy. It is important to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date, and you should let us know if anything changes, for example if you change your phone number or email address
If you leave a comment on the website, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data. As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
If you have an account on this website, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
We use a service called WebCollect to manage and store all of your membership and subscription information. They operate servers that maintain your data securely. You can find their privacy policy at https://webcollect.org.uk/help-topic/privacy-notice
We also export data from Webcollect and use Google services to report on that data to make the data useful and share it as described in this policy. You can find Google’s privacy policy here https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Visitor comments on our website may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Who to contact if you have a question or complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints about how we are handling your data please do not hesitate to get in touch with the named person at the club. You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office. Contact details are Jason Besant, Membership Secretary, Old Rutlishians’ Association Poplar Road, Merton Park, SW19 3JS | Email: jason.besant@oldruts.club | Phone: 020 8642 542 3678 | Website: https://oldruts.club
Go to Top