https://ong.ng/privacy-policy-p26
Categories
Hi Guest !
Login
Register
Sell
Cars
Phones
ONGcare Chat
All Ads
All Ads
Contact Us
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Advertisement / Promotion or Sponsored Ads
0
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ONG - RC-3023048, Lagos Nigeria, herein referred to as “The Company” is the owner of this website “Ong.ng”. The company is providing service for trading “Ong.ng” hereby referrers as portal or website. The privacy policy tells you how the personal information collected from you are used at this portal. Please read acrefully this privacy policy before using the portal or submitting any information. By using the website you indicate your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use or access the website. The company could ament this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should always check this page from time to time to ensure that you agree with any changes of our policy. Ong.ng acknowledges two types of users’ viz. registered users and visitors. 'Registered users' herein refers to persons who submit the personal details and has “ONG” account. The other users are recognized as visitors in this portal.
CONTENT POLICIES
Third party vendors, including Google, uses cookies to serve ads base on a user's prior visits to our website or other websites.Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites.Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.Alternatively, you can users can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info. Also read How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
INFORMATION COLLECTIONOur website collects information from the registered user, including both automatically collected information and user entered information are subject to the privacy policy of this website. Your personal information other than the details furnished in Ads will not be disclosed to any third party without your prior concern unless compelled by law. Note that Your contact number will be displayed along with your posted ads. The company is not responsible for any mistreatment of the displayed contact number.
TRACKING TECQNIQUESWhen you visit Ong.ng, it will automatically collect information about your visit. Various technologies, such as cookies (small text files stored in a user’s browser) and web beacons (electronic images that allow web sites to count visitors who have accessed a particular page) may be used to track information and identify categories of visitors by items such as IP address, domain, browser type, location and pages visited. This information is used to analyze the number of visitors to different areas of this site and to ensure that it is serving as a useful, effective information source.
SECURITYAfter registration, your profile will be unique with your username and password. Don’t disclose your password information to public. Certain security protection has been taken in safeguarding your personal information. However, as with most electronic transactions, no method is 100% safe. Therefore, you acknowledge and information without limitation. You should always remember to log off the profile. The comment box in the portal can be filled with the ad information and experience. Posting the information that you do not want others to see is discouraged. You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password.
THIRD PARTY ADS AND LINKSOng.ng may contain Ads and links of third party sponsors, independent of this portal and regulated by their own policies and procedures. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
DISCLOSURESometimes we may force to disclose your personal information for legal or regulatory requirements. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the Privacy Policy. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, we will notify you of the transaction. The acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information
Search
×
Choose a category
Vehicles
Cars
Vehicle Parts and Accessories
Motorcycles and scooters
Trucks - Commercial Vehicles
Other Vehicles
Mobile phones & tablets
Phones
Tablets
Smart Watches & Trackers For Sale in Nigeria
Accessories for Mobile Phones and Tablets
Real estate
Houses - Apartments for Sale
Houses - Apartments for Rent
Rooms for Rent - Shared
Vacation Rentals
Land for sale or lease
Office/Shop for rent - Commercial Space
Others
Electronics
Cameras-Video cameras - Camera Accessories
Computer Accessories
Laptop computer - Hardwares and Softwares
Desktop Computers - Hardwares and Softwares
TV and DVD - Equipments / Accessories
Audio/Musical Instruments ans equipments
Video Games - Consoles
Others Electronics
Babies
Children's Shoes
Children's Clothing
Baby Care
Children's Furniture
Maternity & Pregnancy
Prams & Strollers
Toys
Children's Gear & Safety
Babies & Kids Accessories
Fashion
Bags
Shoes
Clothing and Accessories
Watches
Welding wears
Jewelries
Health - Beauty
Bath - Body - Fragrance
Skin care - Hair beauty - Makeup
Vitamins and supplements
Tools and Accessories
Others Health and Beauty
Agriculture and Foods
Farm Machinery & Equipment
Livestock and Poultry
Feeds, Supplements & Seeds
Meals and Drinks
Others agriculture stuffs
Animals and Pets
Birds
Cats & Kittens
Pet's Accessories
Fish
Dogs and Puppies
Other Animals and Pets
Hobbies - Art - Sport
Sports Equipment
Books & Games
Arts & Crafts
Musical Instruments
CDs & DVDs
others hobbies-arts - sports
Home and Gardens
Garden
Furnitures
Home Accessories
Home Appliances
Dining and Kitchen Appliances
Others home and Gardens
Services
Education - Teaching services
Travel Agents and Tours
House help and Nanny
Automobile Services
Computer and IT services
Event Services
Health and Beauty Services
Cleaning Services
Building and trade services
Logistics Services
Repair services
Writing - Editing - Translating
Other Services
Building & Constructions
Building Materials
Plumbing & Water Supply
Doors
Windows
Electrical Tools
Electrical Equipments
Other Building & Construction Items
Hotels in Nigeria
Hotels in Abuja
Internet Services
Web Design
Web Development
Web Hosting
Website SEO and Backlinks Services
Free and Paid Download
Other Internet Related Services
Jobs in Nigeria
Accounting - Finance
Advertising - Public Relations
Customer Service
Education - Training
Health care
Internet
Manual Labour
Marketing
Real Estate
Restaurant - Food Service
Sales
Technology
Make Money Online
Other Jobs
Classes
Computer - Multimedia Classes
Tutoring - Private Lessons
Other Classes
Community
Events
Musicians - Artists - Bands
Commercial Equipment & Tools
Manufacturing Materials & Tools
Printing Equipment
Stage Lighting & Effects
Salon Equipment
Manufacturing Equipment
Industrial and Local Ovens
Restaurant & Catering Equipment
Store Equipment
Medical Equipment
Safety Equipment
Others Manufacturing Materials & Tools
Alternative Energies in Nigeria
Solar Panel in Nigeria
Solar Batteries in Nigeria
Inverters in Nigeria
Solar Energy and Installation services in Nigeria
Others alternative Energies in Nigeria
Close
ONG NIG
Post Free Ad
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Advertisement / Promotion or Sponsored Ads
ONGpay & Billing FAQ
Rules and Safety Tips
Ong Blog
Contact Us
Address
ONG (RC-3023048) Lagos Nigeria
Whatsapp Only:+2349055377919
ONG NIGERIA classified website for buying and selling. Sell and buy quickly like cars, phones, tablets, trucks, furniture's, electronics, website design services. Post ads FREE.
Copyright © 2020
|   All Rights Reserved
|   ong.ng
|   Design and Manage by Zenith Script