http://orienteering.asn.au/index.php/privacy/
PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to Orienteering Australia (OA).  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that OA collects, and the ways in which OA uses that personal information.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Personal information collection
OA may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website;
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services; and
any other information that you send to OA.
Using personal information
OA may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalise the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services; and
publish information about you on the website.
Where OA discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, OA may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
OA will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
OA will store all the personal information you provide on its servers which may be provided by third parties.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that OA collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the states in which OA operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website may be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
OA may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
OA is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact OA
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or OA’s treatment of your personal information, please write by email to admin at orienteering dot asn dot au
Toggle the Widgetbar
Type and Press “enter” to Search