https://orrc.net/about-orrc/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment to Privacy
Oregon Road Runners Club (ORRC) is the sole owner of the information collected on its sites and through other means. We will not sell, share, rent, or otherwise disclose this information to other parties other than as disclosed in this statement. ORRC collects information from our members and website users in a variety of ways.
The ORRC website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that ORRC is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites. We encourage our users to take appropriate precautions when leaving our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by ORRC.
What information is collected from you and how it is used
No registration is required to read the ORRC website. Only duly authorized representatives of ORRC may post information or materials on the ORRC website.
ORRC collects information from our users at several different points throughout our website and from other sources. This section describes these points of collection.
Membership Registration
In order to become a member of ORRC, interested parties must first complete a membership registration form. During registration, an applicant is required to give contact information such as name, address, birthdate, phone number, and email address for all participants. For members seeking membership status, This information is used to verify as part of the process to obtain adequate insurance coverage for ORRC through RRCA and to create a membership database to contact so we may contact members about topics pertaining to the ORRC. All information is required unless otherwise stated on the membership form. This privacy policy governs both members who apply online or otherwise by paper registration forms.
All credit card payments processed through the membership system are done via the online membership service provider or the merchant banking service (of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. or other bank) that ORRC uses.
Event Registration
In order to register for an event hosted by ORRC through the ORRC website, an individual is required to give contact information such as name, address, birthdate, phone number, and email address, as well as other information about him or her, including, but not limited to age, sex, qualifying mark(s), etc. The ORRC uses this information for all the event registration and to contact the registrants about future ORRC race events and other ORRC information.
All credit card payments processed through the race registration system are done the online membership service provider or the merchant banking service (of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. or other bank) that ORRC uses.
Oregon Distance Runner (ODR) and Emails
If a member subscribes to our Members of ORRC receive mailings of our Club magazine (the Oregon Distance Runner) and periodic mailings, emails and other digital information from ORRC. ORRC may offer other methods from time to time for the general public to sign up for ORRC’s mailings or emails about ORRC events. ODR publication, print or digital, we ask for contact information such as name, address, and email address. This contact information is managed by ORRC according to this privacy policy.
ORRC uses online contact management service providers (currently, Constant Contact) to store services to house our email lists and contact information, and to use them and for sending emails to our email subscribers, members, and other contacts that we have legally obtained. The ORRC does not sell its email list to third parties. All recipients of the ODR and emails may unsubscribe using the feature offered by our provider. Review the Constant Contact privacy policy here.
Security
No sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), is collected by ORRC website. As outlined above, the ORRC does partner with reputable third-party, internet commerce sites that may collect individual member data, revenue, or sell merchandize or services. These parties are solely responsible for the content and security of their site. The ORRC is not responsible for the security of these sites, however the ORRC makes every effort to select reputable service provides. Please review the privacy policies of these third-party providers as outlined above. All of our users’ information is restricted in our systems. Only volunteers who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our VP of Membership) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our office of information maintained by ORRC , you can send an email to ORRC at office@OregonRoadRunnersClub.org.
Contests and Surveys
From time to time, we may request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these contests or surveys is completely voluntary, and thus the user has a choice about whether or not to disclose the information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the operations of ORRC. Information from these contests and surveys may be combined with other information we have about you.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s registrations to events, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use (e.g. statistics). IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information
Cookies
The ORRC website uses cookies solely for navigation control within forums, opinion polls and error reporting. No identifying data is collected through cookies.
Other Collection Points
We may also collect information from people through other means, such as on the telephone, by email, by fax, on paper, and in person. This Privacy Policy governs the use and disclosure of that information as well.
With whom the information may be shared and other kinds of disclosures
ORRC will occasionally share information with other entities and third parties. This section describes what information we share and with whom.
Sharing with other entities
ORRC occasionally shares aggregated demographic information with their partner parental affiliate, Road Runners Club of America (RRCA). ORRC is a RRCA member, and other RRCA clubs. Again, this is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
RRCA affiliated clubs, including ORRC, RRCA-affiliated events, and allied organizations utilizing the 501(c)3 nonprofit exemption status are required to adopt and abide by the National RRCA Privacy Policy (“National Policy”), which serves as the basis of this policy. Certain RRCA members may also have their own privacy policies. These may be more restrictive, but should never be less restrictive, than the national policy. The national National RRCA policy supersedes any RRCA member’s policy if the member organization’s policy is less restrictive. If a member organization’s policy is more restrictive than the national policy, then the RRCA respects the member’s policy unless it prohibits the submission of bona fide names and address for the purposes of membership. This contact information is required as a condition of ORRC’s membership to Road Runners Club of America.
Other kinds of disclosures of personal information
ORRC Officers, employees, as well as RRCA Committee members, Sub-Committee members, and ORRC Board members, may have their name, address, fax number, phone number, and email addresses (work and/or home for each) listed both on the website and in print for contact purposes. Any person who accepts an official position with ORRC agrees to have his/her contact information made available to ORRC’s members and the public, unless requested otherwise. RRCA and ORRC are required to share ORRC names, address and contact information contact on all the members of their board of directors and of their club officers with the Internal Revenue Service.
Some individuals may have their biographies or other information about them posted on the ORRC website or otherwise published by the ORRC. These people agree to have certain information about them communicated to the public, including, but not limited to, name, home city and state, age, educational background, etc.
Children
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, we adhere to the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). The ORRC does not collect contact information on children under the age of 18 years.
We avoid collecting more information than necessary when offering children’s activities and membership. We also follow strict rules when sending email to minors.
Security Procedures
ORRC complies with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations governing security procedures and breach of security procedures. ORRC’s This website strives to take takes every reasonable precaution to protect users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, the information is protected both online and offline.
We make every reasonable effort to protect users’ information online and offline. Access to users’ information is restricted in our organization. Only those ORRC volunteers and employees/contractors who need the information to perform their job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees/contractors are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Choice and opting in/out
Members will receive communications from ORRC and other as referenced in this privacy policy. Members may opt in or out of various communications by emailing office@OregonRoadRunnersClub.org and request non-mailing status.
Notification of Changes
If RRCA changes its national privacy policy, we will post a notice of the change on the homepage of our website for at least seven days so our members are aware of the change and if there is likely to be any change by ORRC in what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point ORRC decides to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, members will have a choice whether to consent to such use. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
A link to the privacy policy will always be posted on the homepage of the ORRC website or a copy can be obtained by emailing or writing to the ORRC office.
Issued September 18, 2015
About ORRC
Contact Us
Volunteering
Community Outreach
Board of Directors
Meeting Minutes
ORRC Bylaws
Update Member Contact Info
Awards and Annual Banquet
Privacy Policy
Road Runners Club of America
Y2K Run – Half Marathon & 10K
1/1/2021
Read More
Champoeg – Marathon, Marathon Relay, 30K, Half Marathon, 10K & Kids’ Run
3/6/2021
Read More
Vernonia Marathon & Half Marathon
4/11/2021
Read More
Hagg Lake Road Runs – 10.5 mile, 10K & 5K
5/1/2021
Read More
Join ORRC
Volunteering
Events
Update Your Info
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST!
Stay up to date with news and events.
Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toConstant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Oregon Road Runners Club, 4840 SW Western Ave., #200, Beaverton, OR, 97005, https://www.orrc.net. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Oregon Distance Runner
Quarterly Newsletter
published by the
Oregon Road Runners Club
Learn more
Proud Member of