https://outlawpulling.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.outlawpulling.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or another direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number
Your Access to and Control Over Information given on our website:
See what data we have about you if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
What types of technologies do we use?
We use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to improve and customize our products and websites (“the Services”) and your experience; to allow you to access and use the Services without re-entering your username or password; to understand usage of our Services and the interests of our customers; to determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon; and to present you with advertising relevant to your interests.
How do we use them?
For functionality.  These cookies and similar technologies remember choices you make such as language or search parameters. We use these cookies to provide you with an experience more appropriate with your selections and to make your use of the Services more tailored
For performance and analytics.  These cookies and similar technologies collect information on how users interact with the Services and enable us to improve how the Services operate. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how visitors arrive at and browse our website to identify areas for improvement such as navigation, user experience, and marketing campaigns.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies.  These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertising technology service providers and advertisers.
Social media cookies. These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our websites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social media site. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
How can you opt-out?
To opt-out of our use of cookies, you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of our Services. Alluresoft, LLC and our third party partners also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”).
Many browsers include their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage objects. To manage “flash cookies” please click here. You will not be able to opt-out of any cookies or other technologies that are “strictly necessary” for the Services.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Liability
We are not held responsible for errors in web content.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Purchasing
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date, Orders cvv). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time, our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 712-470-1593 or contact@outlawpulling.com.