https://packtrips.ca/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementPack Trips Admin2019-03-15T14:45:33-06:00
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures Privacy Policy
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures operates www.packtrips.ca (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
CONSENT
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO MOOSE MOUNTAIN HORSEBACK ADVENTURES OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS AND AGENTS, YOU AGREE THAT MOOSE MOUNTAIN HORSEBACK ADVENTURES MAY COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND YOU CONSENT TO THE USE, DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY LAW. Subject to legal and contractual requirements, you may refuse or withdraw your consent to certain of the purposes identified herein at any time by contacting Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures at the address provided below. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, you acknowledge that Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may not be able to provide you or continue to provide you with certain services or information which may be of value to you.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may collect personal information through your use of the Site which may include information provided in connection with the following activities:
Registering or filling in forms on the Site or via other communication channels with Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures. This includes information you may provide when you request additional information about Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures services.
Requesting information or assistance from Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures. Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may also keep a copy of any communications or correspondence you may send to it, including any e-mail communications. Participating or responding to consumer survey or requests for consumer’s opinions, concerns, and preferences regarding Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures products and services.
Using other features of the Site that may be offered from time to time, and may require such information in order to utilize the feature. The personal information that Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may collect may include your name, email address, age, date of birth, gender, address, telephone number, personal preferences, and any other personal information that you choose to include in your form submission, or in other communications to Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures. You represent and warrant that you have the right and authority or have obtained all necessary consents to provide any information, including any personal information of another individual, that is provided by you to Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures.
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may also collect information that may not be personal information, which may include, but is not limited to, the frequency of user visits to the Site, the routes by which users access the Site and use of any hyperlinks available on the Site. Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures or its service providers and agents may process and use this aggregate data for various purposes including, but not limited to, analysis of this data for trends and statistics, development of the Site and the Site’s features and offerings, assessing patterns of use, or planning and evaluating marketing initiatives. This information is gathered by certain tools and methods such as the collection of your IP address or the use of cookies and is maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form unless otherwise noted.
COOKIES
Like many websites, Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures utilizes “cookies” to maintain a record of your visit to the Sites and your use of the Services. A cookie is a small text file that is transferred by a web server and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. It can only be read by the server that sent it to you. This information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures with personal information.
Cookies help Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures to improve the Sites and Services, and to deliver more personalized service by enabling Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures to estimate audience size and usage patterns; to store information about your preferences; to speed up your searches and to recognize you when you return to the Sites or use the Services.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you would prefer to prevent your computer from accepting Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures cookies, you may follow your Internet browser’s steps for doing so. Please note, however, that if you do disable cookies from your browser, you may not be able to access certain sections of the Site.
IP ADDRESSES
An IP address is a computer’s numeric address, by which it can be located within a network. Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may record your IP address when you visit or use services or features on the Sites. Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may use your IP address for the purposes noted above, and also to help diagnose problems with Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures server, or to administer the Site. Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may also use your IP address to identify you when Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures feels it is necessary to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, or to protect the Sites, Services, systems, information, employees, service providers, business partners, users, customers and others.
THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS AND TRACKING
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures uses automated devices and applications provided by third parties, such as Google Analytics and others to evaluate usage of our Site. We use these tools to help us improve our service, performance, and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies which collect information to perform their services. We do not share personal information that we collect directly with these third parties. However, these third parties may collect personal information directly through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies which are detailed on their own websites for perusal.
COMMUNICATIONS
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that we believe would be of interest or value to you. We will only do this is you have signed up for our newsletter specifically thereby giving us your permission to send that newsletter to you, or you have granted such permission in another way. You can change your preferences at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” link on the newsletter or by contacting us directly through any of our channels as listed at the end of this document.
DISCLOSURE
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes without obtaining prior affirmative consent. In the event that Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures is involved in a business transaction, including the purchase, sale, lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, securitization or financing involving Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures, you consent to your personal information and any other information Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures may have collected being transferred to another party in connection with such transaction. You also consent to Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures disclosing your personal information to legal, financial, insurance, or other advisors in connection with such business transaction or management of all or part of Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures business or operations; as consented to by you from time to time, including to fulfill any other purposes that are identified when the personal information is collected; or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and facilitate the appropriate use of information, Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures uses physical, technological and administrative procedures to protect the personal information that Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures collects from loss, unauthorized access, modification, disclosure or other misuse.
Nevertheless, Internet or wireless transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any messages or information you send to the Sites or through the Services may be read or intercepted by others. If you have any questions about the security of personal information collected by Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures please contact: info@packtrips.ca
You should also be aware that certain aspects of the Sites and Services are not confidential and are available for public viewing. Any submissions that you may post to any publicly available blogs or other publicly available features of the Site are not confidential and may be viewed by other users of the Site. By making personal information publicly available where the Site allows you to do so, you consent to such publication by Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures or its service providers and agents.
CHOICE AND OPT-OUT PREFERENCES
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures does not collect your personal information unless you choose to provide it. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive further email communications from Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures (except in connection with information, products or services that you specifically request), you will have the ability to unsubscribe from such communications by means of a link provided in every broadcast e-mail that is sent to you by Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive any other form of communication from Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures, you will have the ability to unsubscribe from such communications by contacting us via email: info@packtrips.ca
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 1 March 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or anything related to it, please contact us at: info@packtrips.ca
Thank you
Moose Mountain Horseback Adventures
Go to Top