https://paddlecamp.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Life Jacket Laws By State
Can You Get a DUI on a Kayak?
Do You Have to Register a Paddle Board?
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Before you paddle away, check this out!
We have lots more kayaking, canoeing, and paddle boarding info on the site to show you. You've only seen one page. Check out this post which is one of the most popular of all time.
READ MORE
Introduction
These Website Standard Terms and Conditions written on this webpage shall manage your use of our website, Paddle Camp accessible at https://paddlecamp.com.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Website. By using this Website, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Paddle Camp and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and Paddle Camp may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Your Content
In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant Paddle Camp a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights. Paddle Camp reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.
Your Privacy
Please read Privacy Policy.
No warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Paddle Camp express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Paddle Camp, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.  Paddle Camp, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Paddle Camp from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
Paddle Camp is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The Paddle Camp is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Paddle Camp and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California for the resolution of any disputes.
About Us We love paddling! We all remember being beginners and having no clue what kayak, canoe, or SUP to buy. Nor did we understand all the rafting gear, paddling laws, and how-to paddle info we'd need to get started. So we built Paddle Camp to help you navigate the often confusing world of kayaking, canoeing, stand up paddle boarding, and river rafting.
LEGAL INFORMATION As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.
Paddle Camp is a participant in various affiliate networks, including AvantLink, CJ, and others. Paddle Camp is compensated for referring traffic and business to these companies.