https://padraigharrington.com/cookie-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
COOKIE / PRIVACY POLICYMatthew Sturt2018-10-25T08:39:45+00:00
COOKIE POLICY
Effective Date: [25/05/2018]
Padraig Harrington (“we”, “us”, “our”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy as described in our Privacy Notice, of which this Cookie Policy forms a part.
By consenting to this cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”), you acknowledge and consent to our website using cookies and other similar technologies (as described below) to distinguish you from other users of our website and for analytics. This helps us to provide you with a good experience during your visit to our website. This also allows us to improve our website and provide you with tailored content and advertising. For example we can recognise and remember important information that will make it more comfortable browsing our website such as preferred settings.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store via  your browser on the hard drive of your computer or your mobile device, if you agree.
We may automatically collect and store certain information about your interaction with our website, including IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, solely to improve the quality of our products and services.
Purposes of collection
You can find more information about the types of cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them set out below.
First party cookies
Session Cookies (Technical Cookies): Their use is strictly limited to sending the session identifiers (random numbers generated by the server) needed for secure and efficient Website browsing. They are not permanently stored on the user’s computer and are deleted upon browser closing. In particular, the use of the session cookies aims at ensuring security and improving of the offered service; and
Technical Cookie: It is required to keep track of the consent given by the user.
The described cookies do not require your consent to be installed and used.
Third party cookies
Some third parties can also provide cookies on our website(s). These cookies or similar technologies are managed by the third parties set out in the table below, and are divided into the following categories:
Analytical Cookies: we use Google Analytics, the web analytics service offered by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to analyse how our Website is used. This service uses cookies generating information on your use of our Website (including your IP address), collected from Google in an anonymous form. Disabling these third-party cookies does not affect the Website use;
Marketing/Advertising: Cookies used to provide advertising services on a given Website fall within this category. Disabling these third-party cookies does not affect the Website use; and
Profiling Cookies: They are used to trace the user’s network browsing and create profiles about his/her tastes, behaviour, choices, etc. These cookies allow the transmission of online advertising messages to the user’s device with the preferences already expressed by that same user when browsing. In accordance with applicable laws, using these cookies and any processing related thereto require the prior user’s consent. Disabling these third-party cookies does not affect the Website use.
We suggest that you visit these third-party websites to understand how their cookies are used.
Type of Cookie
Purpose of Cookie
Profiling
Duration
Link
Google Analytics
The web analytics service offered by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to analyse how our Website is used. This service uses cookies generating information on your use of our Website (including your IP address), collected from Google in an anonymous form. Disabling these third-party cookies does not affect the Website .  These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Yes
3 years
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Facebook
Used to track the actions of visitors to the site that have come from Facebook.  These cookies may be used to optimise Facebook activity such as removing those who have already bought tickets from any future digital ticket sales Facebook campaigns
Yes
3 years
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
You also acknowledge and consent to the use of third party cookies (including, for example, those provided by operators of advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services). You acknowledge that where we allow advertising networks, external services, and other third-party services on the website, we have no control over cookies they collect.
Refusing or deleting cookies
Most internet browsers are set up by default to accept cookies. However, if you want to refuse or delete any cookies (or similar technologies), please refer to the help and support area on your internet browser for instructions on how to block or delete cookies (for example: Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Safari). Please note you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of our Website, including certain personalised features, if you delete or refuse cookies.
To opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
For more information on managing cookies, please go to www.allaboutcookies.org
If you are a resident in the EU:
For more information on managing cookies, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu which has further information about behavioral advertising and online privacy.
Changes to our Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy may be updated from time to time.
If we change anything important about this Cookie Policy we will notify you through a pop-up on the website for a reasonable length of time prior to and following the change. You may review the Cookie Policy by visiting the website and clicking on the “Cookie Policy” link.
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE
This Website is operated by PADRAIG HARRINGTON
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
When you use the Website, you may provide us with, and we may collect from you, information which relates to you, including your personal information.
You may provide us with your information in a number of ways, including:
completing forms on the Website (such as “Contact Us” forms);
corresponding with us by e-mail, phone or otherwise;
subscribing to email updates, newsletters or other subscriptions and features made available on the Website from time to time; and
reporting a problem or requesting support for the Website.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth, educational institution, artist interested in and budget.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our Website we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); and pages you viewed or searched for;
page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive information about you (including your personal information) if you use any of the other websites operated by the WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor Companies or the other services the WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor Companies provide. In this case we will inform you when we collect that information that it may be shared internally and combined with information collected on the Website. We may also receive and display information and content which you make publically available on your social media platforms.
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information to:
help us respond to your queries;
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
send you our newsletter, email updates and other subscriptions which we make available from time to time and which you subscribe to receiving;
provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you;
notify you about changes to our services;
ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so; as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Website about goods or services that may interest you or them; and
to provide or permit third parties to provide targeted advertising via websites you visit about goods or services that you may find interesting (see more on this in our Cookies Policy ).
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this combined information for the purposes set out above.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor Companies (including Appy Entertainment GmbH and Appy Entertainment LLC) and with selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you in order to provide you with a product or service;
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors to provide you with information about promotions and offers;
aggregated, anonymised or other data to advertisers, advertising networks and social networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We may also use aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience; and
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if the WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor Companies that control this Website or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in the event of an emergency, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor Companies, our customers, clients or others; and
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
All the information you provide, including your personal information, may be processed and stored, transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. Specifically, the information and personal information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including the United States. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of the organisations outlined in this Privacy Policy for in connection with the activities outlined in this Privacy Policy. By submitting your information and personal information and using our Website, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We have put in place commercially reasonable technical and organisational procedures to safeguard the information and personal information we collect on this Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
COOKIES
This Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse this Website and also allows us to improve our this Website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy
CHILDREN
This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor do we knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to us.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e­mail to inquiries@endeavorco.com.
YOUR EU AND OTHER PRIVACY RIGHTS
Where provided under applicable law, you may request a copy of the personal information held by WME IMG d.b.a. Endeavor, LLC about you and may ask about all recipients of the information, the purpose of the processing, request the correction of incorrect information, and request the blocking and deletion of such information by contacting us at inquiries@endeavorco.com. We may require you to prove your identity with approved identification if you request this information. Any access request may be subject to a fee to provide you with details of the personal information we hold about you. You have the right, where provided under applicable law, to ask us not to process your personal information.
You have the right, where provided under applicable law, to ask us not to process your personal information for direct marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your information or clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at inquiries@endeavorco.com. We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide you with any services which you request. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
YOUR CHOICES
You may have the opportunity to receive certain communications from us related to the Website. If you provide us with your email address in order to receive communications, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of our emails. Some browsers support a “Do Not Track” feature, which is intended to be a signal to websites that you do not wish to be tracked across different websites you visit. Certain legal obligations require that we disclose how websites we operate react to Do Not Track signals. The Website does not currently change the way it operates based upon detection of a Do Not Track or similar signal. Please note that we cannot control how third party websites or online services you visit through Website respond to Do Not Track signals. Check the privacy policies of those third parties for information on their privacy practices.
SECURITY
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organisational procedures measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, the internet is an open system and we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information that you transmit on or through our Website or that we otherwise maintain.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Website, our newsletters, email updates and other communications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of others, including our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or consent to these updates or changes, do not continue to use the Website.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to padraig@egd.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
Go to Top