http://pages.ripco.net/%7Ejwn/privacy.html
Privacy Information
We are not responsible for errors or omissions.When boating, regardless of water depth, wear a PFD!
Web Visitors: There is a new Federal Law regarding privacy on the
internet and what is or might be picked up from a visitors web browser.
While the new law covers minors, we thought you might be interested in what
we collect and don't collect. For the record, the only information this site
gathers is total times the main page is sent to a browser.
Because we are a non-commercial site and do not
sell anything we have no need for additional information.
We track total visits more for curiosity than anything else (we do not
sell anything). We do not track type of browser, host
information or any other data. We do not layout our html for any particular
browser, in fact, we regularly test our site with Lynx to ensure that it is
still text browser compatible (We set all image tags and make our pictures
and maps easily downloadable for text browsing). This entire site is hand
coded. No generators have ever been used (even updates to the .map files).
We use a free counter service to count visitors. The counter should not increment
more than once per visit unless someone else hits the main page between you
(i.e., you should not be able to press reload on the main page and make the counter
go up).
Emails: If you send us an email, we reply to it personally.
There are occasions where we reply back to you and cc another person
who we feel is more capable to answer (or verify our answer) to your question.
We will not forward your emails to anyone without you knowing that we did so
(the way we let you know is by sending the question and our response back to
you and the other person via cc). There are other times when we will simply
suggest a person to contact and forward their email address to you. We do not
use BCC on messages. Any/all receipents names will be listed in the To or CC
headers.
Once we counted emails, categorized them (fishing question, boat rental
information, launch site information) and sent out a free report
to several local related sport clubs telling them how many people
visited during a period of time, and what percentage were looking for
information about each item.
The report never included email addresses and
we never forward your address except as outlined above. We can't do this
anymore as we get so much email that it is sometimes hard to reply in a
timely manner at all (We are sorry about this).
We have never sold email
addresses (this site will never sell anything). We have never given out
email addresses without the permission of the addressee.
Home
Fishing
Sailing
Canoeing
Rowing
Printing
Please e-mail suggestion/comments to:
jwn@ripco.com