https://perfectnorth.com/privacy-policy
Thank you for visiting PerfectNorth.com. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site. The information we collect At this site, you can order products, enter contests, or otherwise express an opinion, buy a seasons pass, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletter. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number and credit card information. You can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's e-mail address to send an electronic postcard or to enter them in a contest. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows, Mac, etc.) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). This allows us to make our web site work best for the people who visit. For instance, if only 5% of our visitors could view Flash images, we would choose not to use Flash on the site. How we use the information We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to reply to your question or request for information. We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to them. If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a photo or article), we may publish information you have provided to us, such as your name and city. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. We will not disclose personally identifiable information to companies whose practices are not covered by this privacy notice (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you. We may on occasion combine general site user information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market products or services that may be of interest to our guests. Opting out The site covered by this Privacy Notice will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses. Examples of this information include your email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, your age, medical information, personal preferences, etc. If you somehow receive something from Perfect North Slopes that you believe was unsolicited, simply notify the resort. Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. The site covered by this Privacy Notice sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or cobranded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. Perfect North Slopes has no control over these third parties' use of this information. Cookies To enhance your experience with this site, PerfectNorth.com uses "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering for entry in a contest. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. The cookies that we collect expire when you close your browser. One exception is a “members only” section of the club area of PerfectNorth.com, where users may store their username and password in a cookie on their machine if they check the box requesting that. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to save your password in password-protected areas). The ultimate goal is providing content that visitors to the site want and making it convenient to access. The service we use for this purpose is called WebTrends Live. Our commitment to security We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Perfect North Slopes reserves the right to make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. How to contact us If you have any questions or concerns about the Perfect North Slopes online policy for this site or its implementation, you may contact us through our contact form.