https://peterberkers-sporthorses.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Please read this Privacy Policy
Privacy declaration
Stal “De Drie Berken”, registered with the Chamber of Commerce under number 01050130, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement. We highly value your privacy and will therefore treat it with great confidentiality and care.
Your personal data:
Stal “De Drie Berken” processes your personal data because you make use of this website and our services and / or by having provided it to us by yourself:
First and last name
Address data
Phone number
E-mail address
Other personal information you actively provide through your profile on this website.
Location data
Browser and device type
Special and / or sensitive personal data:
“Special personal data” refers to data about race, religion or belief, political opinion, health, sexual life, trade union membership or criminal history.
We do not process special personal data.
We would therefore like to point out to you to not include any special personal information in your profile.
Our website also does not intend to collect information about visitors of our website who are younger than 16 years, unless they have been given permission from parents or guardians. However, we ourselves can not check whether a visitor is older than 16 years.
Therefore, we advise parents to be involved with the online activities of their children in order to prevent data from minors being collected without permission from the parents. If you are convinced that we have collected information about a minor without that permission, please contact us via info@peterberkers-sporthorses.com, then we will delete this information.
The purposes of processing your personal data:
We only process personal data for the purposes mentioned below.
When we use your data for other (closely related) objectives, we will inform you about this in accordance with the law and take the required measures.
For handling your payment.
For sending our newsletter.
In order to call or email you if this necessary to carry out our services.
In order to inform you about changes to our services and products.
To provide the possibility to create an account.
To deliver goods and services to you
Stal “De Drie Berken” also processes personal data if we are legally obliged to do so.
Automated decision-making:
Stal “De Drie Berken” does not take decisions, that are based on automated processing, on matters that may have (significant) consequences for people. This is about decisions that are taken by computer programs or systems, without involving a person (for example an employee of Stal “De Drie Berken”).
How long we store personal data:
Stal “De Drie Berken” does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to realize the purposes for which your data is collected, and never longer than 7 years.
Sharing of personal data with third parties:
Stal “De Drie Berken” will not sell your data to third parties and will only provide this data if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. With companies that process your data on our order, we make sure to arrange an agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. For example, when sharing information with the payment provider and shipping service.
Stal “De Drie Berken” remains responsible for these processing operations.
Regarding viewing, modifying or deleting your own data:
We expect you to keep your data up-to-date yourself. You can make changes yourself in the systems for which you have received the login details.
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Stal “De Drie Berken”. And you have the right to data portability, this means that you can submit a request to us to send all personal data in a readable computer format to you or another organization mentioned by you.
You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for withdrawal of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to info@peterberkers-sporthorses.com.
To ensure that the request for access has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your ID with that request. Make the following parts black in this copy: your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and citizen service number (BSN). This is to protect your privacy. We respond to your request as quickly as possible, at least within four weeks.
Stal “De Drie Berken” also wishes to point out that you have the option to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority. This can be done through the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
The security of your personal data:
Stal “De Drie Berken” takes the protection of your data very seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification.
For that, Stal “De Drie Berken” uses various physical, administrative, organizational and technical measures, the application of access control, firewalls and secure servers, and encryption of certain types of data, such as financial information and other sensitive data.
If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of data abuse, please contact us at info@peterberkers-sporthorses.com
What to do in case of a data leak?
Since January 1st 2016, there has been a change in the legal regulation with regards to the reporting of data leaks. If you suspect that there is a data breach, we request you to report this immediately to us via the contact details below.
The use of cookies:
Stal “De Drie Berken” uses functional cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website.
Stal “De Drie Berken” uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to optimize the website and make it work better if needed.
Also cookies are used by Google Analytics to monitor surfing behavior, etc. More info here: https://peterberkers-sporthorses.com/cookie-policy/
Contact:
https://peterberkers-sporthorses.com
Weperpolder 29
8431 RM Oosterwolde
Tel. +31 516 588 269
Menu
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy