http://pittsburghskiclub.org/content/privacy.php
Pittsburgh Ski Club – Privacy Policy
“Catch the spirit”  82 Years, on and off the slopes
Home
About Us
Club Leadership
Club Information
Board Message
Club History
Demographics
Club Policies
Legal Documents
Logo Wear
About This Site
Site Navigation
Site Map
Credits
Events
Information
Calendar
Event Coupon
Trips
Information
Week(+) Trips
Weekend Trips
Other Trips
Trip Coupon
Local Skiing
Instruction
Racing
Program
Schedule
Results
Release Form
Cross Country
Discounts
Membership
Application
Benefits
Photo Gallery
Members Only
Newsletter
Directory
My Profile
Links
Ski Reports
WPSC
NSCF
Other Clubs
Weather
PA SnowSports Museum
Miscellaneous
Contact Us
Member Login
Member Number:
Username:
Password:
Remember me
Lost Password?
No account yet?
Register
Welcome
You are logged in as
The "Members Only" selection is now available to you on the menu above.
Please LOGOUT when you are done, unless you selected the "Remember Me" option. Logging out will cancel that option.
Change Password?
My Profile
View/Change
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseCancellation PolicyDisciplineBounced Checks
Pittsburgh Ski Club Privacy Policy
General
Pittsburgh Ski Club will make every effort to protect your privacy. We will never share or sell your personal
information with others. You explicitly acknowledge that your Member Profile, including address and phone number(s),
and your bio (if provided) are publicly viewable by the membership. If you provide an E–mail address, you
have the ability to hide it from the membership at large; but not from certain administrators and officers who need
the information for legitimate contact purposes.
We may ask you to provide your birth year for demographic purposes only. This information is never visible to
other members (except certain officers of the Club). We will never ask you for inappropriate personal information
such as race, creed or social security number; for which we have no legitimate use.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information about yourself or your children
in any linked website. Pittsburgh Ski Club does not control or endorse the content, messages or information
found in any linked sites and, therefore, Pittsburgh Ski Club specifically disclaims any liability with regard
to your participation in these linked sites.
Your optional participation in website surveys is completely anonymous. The club does not retain specific
information about your vote. We only get counts aggregated from all survey participants and only the
participant’s IP address is stored to prevent multiple votes. IP addresses are discussed in greater detail
below.
If your computer is configured to accept “Cookies”, the PittsburghSkiClub.org website will place a
cookie on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are small files that our website places on your computer to
store information about your preferences and your logon credentials. The sole purpose of the cookie is to provide
you with a richer interactive experience with the website. We will never collect personal or sensitive information
from your computer. You may set your browser to prevent the placement of cookies on your computer; but doing so
may prevent you from logging on and may disable some of the website functionality. The “Cookie” and its
stored information are destroyed when you log out.
An IP (Internet Protocol) address is a series of four numbers between 0 and 255 separated by periods. For example,
the IP address for this website is 216.39.57.106. An IP address is automatically assigned to your computer
whenever you connect to a network; whether it is a private network or the network of your ISP (Internet Service
Provider – i.e. Comcast, Verizon, MSN, etc.). The web servers that control the Internet use this IP address
to uniquely identify your computer. That is how the server knows where to send the web page that you requested. We
may use IP addresses to track and report aggregate information about the use of the website, for security purposes
or to enforce compliance with this website’s policies.
This website may use “clear gifs” (also known as web beacons or web bugs). Clear gifs are tiny graphics
with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
Unlike cookies, which are stored on your computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded in certain web pages and are
about the size of the period at the end of this sentence, making them nearly invisible.
For your protection, your credit card information is not stored on our website. Any credit transactions you engage
in are processed either directly by the credit provider (i.e. PayPal) or through a gateway (i.e. Visa, MasterCard,
etc.). All credit transactions are transferred to a secure server and take place over an encrypted tunnel. When
this happens, you will see the website address in the top of your browser change from “http” to “https”.
The “s” stands for “secure”. Never give any credit card information over connections that
aren’t secure.
However, in our sole discretion, we may release any information about you without your consent to any
investigating party should you be accused of any legal wrongdoing. In some instances, we may be required by law to
release such information.
What Information we collect about you
Information you provide to us:
We collect information about you when you register for membership, such as:
your name
your address
your telephone number(s)1
your primary email addresses1
your birth year1
who referred you (if applicable)1
skiing ability and volunteer information1
newsletter delivery and directory listing preferences
your join date
your acceptance of the injury waiver
your acceptance of the racing program injury waiver (if applicable)
your messages sent via the contact form and who they were sent to
1 Optional Information
Information PSC will NEVER ask you for:
your actual birth date
gender, religion, sexual preference marital status or other potentially discriminatory information
your household income
billing information, including bank account and credit card information2
your Social Security number
2 If you elect to pay through PayPal for membership dues, trips or other events of the Club, PSC does not store any of your billing information on our website.
You are redirected to PayPal’s website when you check out and all your financial information is collected by, stored and processed solely by PayPal.
In the event that you receive any communication claiming to be from PSC and asking for any of the above information, please report it promptly at:
http://www.pittsburghskiclub.org/forms/contact_form.php?index=1
You may be asked to provide a copy of the communication for further investigation.
Information we collect through your interaction with our Website:
As you browse and interact with our Website, we collect information related to your use of the Site from your access device and browser, including:
what type of browser you use
software on your computer, mobile device or other similar device
processor type
what operating system you use
your current IP address
navigational data such as the URLs you visit and any searches you may perform
how often you visit the Site
how often you use the Services
how you navigate and conduct searches on our Site
what documents you download from the Site
Other Information we receive from third parties or generate on your behalf:
We may collect information about you from our service providers such as PayPal, in order to update or supplement information we have collected directly from you.
In addition, we generate some information related to you to facilitate our internal operations.
Such information may include:
your current year membership number (assigned by the Membership Committee)
your payment method (i.e. cash, check number or PayPal transaction ID)
your entire PayPal transaction with all associated data transmitted from PayPal
your encrypted logon credentials (i.e. username, password, secret and session ID)
your site use permission (i.e. normal or locked out)
•	your current membership card email status (i.e. sent or unsent)
What we do with your information
Demographics:
your birth year, skier type and State you live in are aggregated with that same information from all other members and used to create bar and pie charts which show the breakdown
of our membership by age, by type of skiing/boarding and by residence.See http://www.pittsburghskiclub.org/content/demographics.php.
Residence Address:
your first name, last name, street address, city state, zip and zip+4 information is used to deliver to you via US mail the monthly newsletter (if preferred), your membership card
(if preferred), tickets to events and other communications not sent via email.
Email Address:
your email address, if provided, is used to deliver to you important information such as:
your PSC News monthly newsletter
Eblast of important information and reminders of upcoming events
your current membership card
return information to you that you requested either by direct email or through the contact form
All other information:
The rest of the information you that is collected and stored is used solely to facilitate internal operations.
What you can do to limit or change your information
Optional Information:
Our membership application has several information fields that are optional.
It is your choice whether or not to share that information with us.
Optional fields are:
first name (some people do not use one
zip+4
home phone number
work phone number
cell phone number
email address
referred by
birth year
type of skier
directory listing (default unchecked = yes, list me)
newsletter delivery preference (default unchecked = email delivery)
volunteer to serve on a committee
Edit your Profile:
Once you log onto the website, you have access to a tool that shows you 15 pieces of information that we store about you in our database.
Your membership number is assigned by the Membership Committee and cannot be changed or deleted by you.
The remaining 14 pieces of information may be edited or deleted using the tool.
A tutorial that shows you how to use the tool can be read at http://www.pittsburghskiclub.org/documents/tutorials/pdf/tutorial_my_profile.pdf.
How we keep your information secure
Secure socket layer ("SSL") technology is used to protect your credit card information should you opt to use PayPal to pay for your membership dues.
SSL encrypts your order information as additional protection against the decoding of that information by anyone other than PayPal and yourself.
Despite every reasonable security precautions, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect all information we collect or generate, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your data, we will take every reasonable precaution to protect its security on our Site; including limiting access to it, strong password protection and encryption of certain sensitive information.
International members and Site users
Your information that we collect or generate is processed and maintained in the United States.
Privacy laws in the United States may not be as protective as in your home country; such as GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) if you live within the European Union.
If you are using our Site from outside of the United States, by providing information to us you are consenting to the transfer of the information to the United States for use as described in this Privacy Policy.
Minors
Minors are defined as any child under the age of 13.
Pittsburgh Ski Club believes that the content on our website is appropriate for all age groups.
Minors are prohibited from participating in Club sponsored trips and events without the presence of a parent or guardian.
Since membership applications containing minors are filled out by the minor’s parent or guardian, the minor’s PII (personally Identifiable information) including any optional information is being provided by the minor’s parent or guardian.
Therefore, we do not require the parent or guardian to provide parental consent as required by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").
Typically, a parent or guardian will provide at least a name, address and birth year for a minor; but not phone numbers or email addresses.
A parent or guardian may obtain a list of all information that we store about their minor child(ren) by sending a request via the contact form to the Webmaster at: http://www.pittsburghskiclub.org/contact/?index=1.
Club Address
Pittsburgh Ski ClubP.O. Box 2022Pittsburgh PA. 15230
About Us
Club Leadership
Club History
Demographics
Legal Documents
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cancellation Policy
Discipline Policy
Bounced Check Policy
Help and Information
Site Map
Site Navigation
Credits
Keep In Touch
Contact Form
External Links
Western PA Ski Council
National Ski Council Federation
Other Ski Clubs
PA SnowSports Museum
Miscellaneous Links
Copyright© 2008 – 2020 Pittsburgh Ski Club, Inc, all rights reserved