https://pnonline.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to Primary Navigation Menu
Skip to Social Media Links
Skip to Main Content
Articles
Your Life
Your World
Your Health
Caregiving
Sports & Recreation
PVA/Veterans
Subscribe
Email: info@pvamagazines.com
Phone: 1-888-888-2201
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
PVA Magazines respects the privacy of its visitors. You are not required to register or to provide any personal information in order to access information on our site.
PVA Magazines collects and stores some information the user chooses to provide, including name, address and email address, to send users information about PVA Magazines and PVA Magazines partners and third parties from time to time.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect only the domain name, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages visitors access, and information volunteered by our visitors, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
If you do not wish to receive e-mail from PVA Magazines in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail, calling, or writing to us at the above address.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the visitor’s domain name, but not the e-mail address.
Please note that when you shop or visit one of our partner websites even though you may have started your visit at PVA Magazines’s site you are interacting directly with a separate organization, not PVA Magazines. This means that information you choose to share with that organization will fall under their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to review.
THE INFORMATION WE USE
The information we collect is used to better understand general site usage patterns, improve site usability, improve the content of our webpage, and add merchants and services which will better serve our visitors’ needs and interests. We may use volunteered information to send updated information on our programs and develop promotions based on general user preferences.
Site visitors who supply us with their postal address on-line may receive periodic mailings from us with information on products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings from PVA Magazines in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail, calling, or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is promptly removed from our mailing list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to ad servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. We do not, however, make any representations concerning ad servers on any other site to which you may have access through this site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. We will post any policy changes to our website. We will only use data collected from the time of the policy change forward. We urge you to check this privacy policy periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used. If you do not wish to have your information used, please let us know by sending us an e-mail, calling, or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is promptly removed from our data.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
PVA Magazines always uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
For any additional information on PVA Magazines and/or its policies, please contact us at the address or telephone number listed above or e-mail us at: info@pvamagazines.com.
error: Content is protected !!