https://policies.athlonsports.com/cookie-policy/
Technology Related to Cookies and Similar Technology (“Cookie
Notification”)
We are Athlon Sports Communications, Inc. (dba AMG Parade),
including Parade.com, AthlonSports.com and CommunityTable.com (collectively, “Athlon,”
“we,” “us,” or “our”).
This “Cookie Notification” governs each website, mobile site,
application, and any service provided thereby, regardless of how distributed,
transmitted, published, or broadcast (each, a “Service”) provided by
Athlon Sports Communications Inc., its parent, subsidiaries, and/or affiliates
that links to this Cookie Notification.
1.
Cookies,
Anonymous Identifiers, Web Beacons, and Other Internet Tracking Technology
We
utilize Cookies, Anonymous Identifiers, Web Beacons, and other Internet
tracking technology to collect information from your computer, mobile, or other
device.
·
A “cookie” is a data file that is created and stored
on your computer’s hard drive when you visit our Service(s).  An “anonymous identifier” is a random
string of characters that is used for similar reasons as Cookies.
·
We use cookies and anonymous identifiers to become more
familiar with users through the study of analytics. Some portions of this Service(s)
require the use of cookies for proper function.  Anonymous identifiers can be used where cookie
technology is not available.  You may
refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your web
browser.  If you select this setting, you
may be unable to access certain parts of our Service(s).  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting
so that it will refuse cookies, we will issue cookies when you direct your
browser to our Service(s).
·
A “web beacon” is an object embedded into a web page
or an e-mail that collects various data. A web beacon is known by several
common terms, such as a web bug, tag, page tag, tracking bug, tracking pixel,
pixel tag, web pixel, targeting pixel, re-targeting pixel, and clear gif.  A web beacon functions similarly to a cookie
and can allow us to learn more about a user’s behaviors, actions, and
preferences.  When used within e-mail,
for example, a web beacon can track whether a user opens a message, clicks on a
link within the e-mail, and similar actions.  We also use other, similar Internet tracking
technology to monitor a user’s actions coming to our Service(s), moving through
our Service(s), and after leaving our Service(s).
2.
How we use cookies
We use cookies to track how our users access and
use the services offered on our website, to learn when and how users visit the
Service(s), to make personalized features and other services available to you,
to learn which terms are used, to learn which websites direct you to our
services, to compile and analyze aggregate statistics and trends, and to otherwise
help administer and improve the Service(s).
We also use cookies to help display certain information on the Athlon
Service(s) and to improve your enjoyment and convenience when using or visiting
our website(s); for example, by remembering your contact and other information
when you access or use the website(s).
We also use cookies to facilitate login and access actions to enter a
user account.  For more information on
how we use the information we gather from our users’ activity on the Service(s),
please see our [https://policies.athlonsports.com/privacy-policy].
·
Specifically, we use strictly necessary cookies, which allow
you to access and use our services, and which allow us to deliver our services
to you.  For example, when you use our
Service(s) and login to your user account, we use Session Id cookies and JavaScript
check cookies.
·
We use performance cookies that allow us to track usage.  This allows us to learn more about how users
use the Athlon Service(s) so that we make changes and improvements, as
necessary.
·
We use targeting cookies that measure the effectiveness of our advertising
campaigns and to track sites you’ve visited so that we can measure the
effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
·
We also allow third parties to place their cookies
within our services.  For example, some
of the companies that use our Service(s) add custom code that allows them to
add performance and targeting cookies to the pages they offer to their users.
3.
Change settings from within your browser
Our
cookie acceptance form, found in the footer, makes it easy for you to enable
and disable all non-essential Athlon cookies, however, it may not prevent all
cookies from other websites being sent
to your computer, mobile, or other device.  To do this you may change your settings from
within your browser by going to the “help” function on most browsers.  If you choose to have your browser refuse
cookies, then it is likely that some areas of the website will not function
properly when you use or visit them.
The
instructions for these vary from browser to browser and they may change from
time to time as new versions are released. Here are some links to instructions
for the most common browsers:
Microsoft
Internet Explorer
Click
here for Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla
Firefox
Click
here for Mozilla Firefox
Google
Chrome
Click
here for Google Chrome
Safari
Click
here for Safari
For
other browsers, try searching for “managing cookies in [browser name].”
If you
have any questions or concerns about our use of cookies and other tracking
technologies, please send us an e-mail at [email protected].  To learn more
about your Privacy Policy, please read the policy here [https://policies.athlonsports.com/privacy-policy].