https://redrants.com/privacy/
About
Contact
Privacy
Writers
Connect with us
Privacy
Red Rants knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers Red Rants’s treatment of personal information that Red Rants gathers when you are on the Red Rants website and when you use Red Rants’ services. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Red Rants does not own or control, or to individuals that Red Rants does not employ or manage.
Information Collected by Red Rants
We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with this objective. We collect the following types of information from our Red Rants users:
Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Red Rants and its authorized agents automatically receive and record certain “traffic data” on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, Red Rants cookie information, and the page you requested. Red Rants uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends and administer the website.
Red Rants may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed.
Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While Red Rants will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
E-mail Communications
Red Rants is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the “Sharing Your Information” section below. Red Rants may send out e-mails with Red Rants-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. Red Rants cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use some of Red Rants’s coolest features.
Red Rants’s advertising partners may place a cookie on your browser that makes it possible to collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information that ad delivery systems use to present more relevant ads.
If you would prefer to opt-out of this standard practice, please visit our advertising partner Sortable’s privacy policy and opt-out page.
Sharing Your Information
Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below.
Red Rants Personnel: Red Rants personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of Red Rants business.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Red Rants, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
Protection of Red Rants and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Red Rants, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Syndication: Red Rants allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the Red Rants website.
With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.
Children Under 18 Years of Age
You must be 13 years and older to register to use the Red Rants website. As a result, Red Rants does not specifically collect information about children. If we learn that Red Rants has collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We recommend that minors between the ages of 13 and 18 ask and receive their parents’ permission before using Red Rants or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Red Rants may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Red Rants website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit the Red Rants website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law.
Opting Out Of Interest-Based Ads
To opt out of interest based advertising, please click here.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 07 May 2007 and last updated July 2020.
Latest News
Manchester United linked to ‘goalscoring’ Bayern Munich teenager
Manchester United linked to €7m Polish defender
€80m superstar ‘offered’ to Manchester United
Man Utd to offer £200,000-a-week bumper deal to their superstar, with Madrid also interested
Joel Glazer orders Manchester United to hire a new Director Of Football
Manchester United can sign £150,000-a-week star on a loan deal
17-year-old striker scores a brace as United defeat Liverpool in U-18 game
Manchester United monitoring Flamengo wonderkid with a €50m release clause
Manchester United eye shock £60m deal for Leicester City forward
Report: Manchester United linked to €25m Brazilian midfielder
TopicsAcademy
All Time Best XI Series
Betegy
Betting
bwin
Chatroom
Classic Posts
Competition
Contracts
FA Cup
FM Sponsor
General Football
International
Live Blog
Loan Watch
Managerial News
Manchester United
Manchester United Fixtures
Manchester United Kits
Manchester United News
Manchester United Players
Match Preview
Match Reports
Miscellany
Opinion Piece
Paper Round-up
Player of the Month
Podcast
Random Rant
RedRants Feature
Red Rants Writing Competition
Site News
Sponsored Article
SuperBlog
Tactics & Analysis
Tactics Board
Team News
The Paul McGeady Story
The Scope
Transfer Rumours
Transfers & Loans
Transfer Stories
UEFA Champions' League
Video
Wallpapers