http://refs.org/policy/terms.html
Terms of Use
Terms of Use & Legal Restrictions
Refs.Org
TERMS OF USE AND LEGAL RESTRICTIONS
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS ("TERMS"), DO NOT USE
THIS WEBSITE.
Use of Site
Refs.Org authorizes you to view and download the materials at this website ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials
on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. Any use of these materials
on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Disclaimers
THE MATERIALS AND SERVICES AT THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Refs.Org's obligations with respect to its services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements. Refs.Org
further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials, software or services at this Site. Refs.Org may make changes to the materials and services at this Site, or to the products and prices described in them, at
any time without notice. The materials and services at this Site may be out of date, and Refs.Org makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this Site. Information published at this Site may refer to products, programs
or services that are not available in your country.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Refs.Org or other third parties mentioned at this site be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use,
inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any websites linked to this site, or the materials or information or services contained at any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory
and whether or not Refs.Org has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the materials, information or services from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you
assume all costs thereof. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so these limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
Use of Software
Any software that is made available to download from this Site is the copyrighted work of Refs.Org and/or its suppliers. Use of the software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies
or is included with the software ("License Agreement"). You may not download or install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you have read and accepted the terms of the License
Agreement. REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE IS PROHIBITED EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE APPLICABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT.
User Submissions
Refs.Org does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this Site. Any material, information or other communication ("Communications") you transmit or post to this Site will be considered
non-confidential and non-proprietary. Refs.Org will have no obligations with respect to the Communications. Refs.Org and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications
and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. Personally identifiable information that you submit to Refs.Org for the purpose of receiving services will
be handled in accordance with the Refs.Org Online Privacy Statement. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that
would violate any law.
Chat Rooms and Other User Forums
Refs.Org may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Site where users transmit or post Communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, bulletin boards or
other user forums, and the content of any such Communications. Refs.Org, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy,
obscenity, or otherwise. Refs.Org retains the right to remove messages that include any material Refs.Org deems abusive, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unacceptable.
In connection with your use of the Site, you agree you will not:
a) Transmit any message, information, data, text, software or images, or other content ("Material") that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene,
libelous, or otherwise objectionable that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity;
b) Impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a Refs.Org official, forum leader, guide or host or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
c) Post or transmit any Material that you do not have a right to reproduce, display or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
d) Post or transmit any Material that contains a virus or corrupted data;
e) Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels that you upload to any communication feature;
f) Use the Site's communication features in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g., excessive shouting, use of all caps, or flooding continuous posting of
repetitive text);
g) Post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail", "spam,""chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation or any non-resume information such as
opinions or notices, commercial or otherwise;
h) Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
i) Upload or transmit any Material that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
j) Delete or revise any Material posted by any other person or entity, unless so empowered by Refs.Org as an administrator or forum moderator; or
k) Manipulate or otherwise display the Site by using framing or similar navigational technology.
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND THE INTERNET. IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND USEFULNESS OF ALL OPINIONS,
ADVICE, SERVICES, MERCHANDISE AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Links on this Site to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. Refs.Org has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not
responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, Refs.Org does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may
be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Linking to this Site
You may create links to this Site from other sites, but only in accordance with the terms of the Guidelines for Linking to Refs.Org's Websites and in compliance with all applicable laws.
Trademarks
Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners.
General
Refs.Org primarily administers this Site from its office in Altoona, Pennsylvania. Refs.Org makes no representation that materials or services at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them
from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials or services at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including
without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms
will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Refs.Org may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be
superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
Revised April 2003
Note: Anyone linking to Refs.Org's website must comply with the Guidelines for Linking to Refs.Org's Websites and all applicable laws.
Guidelines for Linking to Refs.Org's Websites
A site that links to Refs.Org's website:
May link to but not replicate Refs.Org content;
Should not create a browser or border environment around Refs.Org content;
Should not imply that Refs.Org is endorsing it or its products;
Should not misrepresent its relationship with Refs.Org;
Should not present false information about Refs.Org products or services;
Should not use the Refs.Org logos without permission from Refs.Org;
Should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and
Should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups.
Online Privacy Statement
© 1998-2009 Refs.Org