http://rhythmicgymnastics.ca/privacy-policy
(last updated September 24, 2014)
At ORGC (Ottawa Rhythmic gymnastics Club)’s website rhythmicgymnastics.ca, your privacy is important to us. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The rhythmicgymnastics.ca’s policy regarding use of your individual identifying information or other information supplied to us or collected during your visit(s) to the rhythmicgymastics.ca website covers the following areas: Information Collection and Use, Links, Changes to this policy, children’s guidelines.
Information Collection and Use: The rhythmicgymnastics.ca registration form requires users to give contact information (such as their name and e-mail address) and demographic information (such as their age and zip code). Such information may be used to tailor the visitor’s experience at the site and display selected content that ORGC believes the visitor may be interested in.
Links: ORGC website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by rhythmicgymnastics.ca.
Changes to This Policy: ORGC reserve the right to change this privacy policy, and any of our policies or procedures concerning the treatment of information collected through the site, without prior notice. You can determine when this privacy policy was last revised by referring to date at the top of this page. Any changes to our privacy policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on the Internet, accessible through the site. Use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect. We encourage you to periodically review our privacy policy to ensure familiarity with our most current version.
Children’s Guidelines: ORGC recognizes the importance of privacy with respect to children’s information and will therefore follow guidelines intended to uphold such privacy. To this end, ORGC’s website will not collect personally identifiable offline contact information without seeking prior parental consent, not distribute to third parties any personally identifiable contact information without seeking prior parental consent.
If you have any questions about ORGC website Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site or your experience with rhythmic, please contact us.
Ottawa Rhythmic Gymnastics Club
P.O. Box 74162
Ottawa, Ontario K1M 2H9
Fax: 613-741-7881
orgc@sympatico.ca