http://ridgewoodprep.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
August 14, 2020
Thank you for visiting ridgewoodprep.com ("our website"). Ridgewood Preparatory School ("we", "our", "us") respects the privacy rights of its mobile app users and online visitors and is committed to providing you with a secure online environment. We have adopted a Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide us online.
We do not collect collect personal information through our website. Data collected is only in the form of anonymous data including anonymous information such as browser type, IP address, links visited, length of session, etc.
We do not share your personal information with third parties. The information you provide is only used internally by us.
E-mail: Should you send us an e-mail, we will only use personal information (such as name, mailing address and e-mail address) contained in your e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments in the e-mail. Although we may retain your e-mail for a period of time, we will not use any personal information contained in your e-mail for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments.
Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information that are placed on your computer to help us understand how many consumers are visiting our site, how often they visit our site, what content they are most interested in, and how they interact with our site. For example, a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or "IP" address such as your login information, the time and duration of your visits, how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site. To save you time when you come back to visit our website, we may link information contained in a cookie to your e-mail address. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that we did not originally send in a cookie.
We do not collect information through the use of graphic images including transparent images. Transparent images can tell the IP address of the computer that fetched a page, the URL of the page the image is on, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser used, and can tell a previously set cookie value. This anonymous information is returned by the image. This information is used to accurately count visitors and to understand how they navigate and use a site. We may implement this in the future; if so, we will update this section to reflect the changes.
Other information: Other information collected by us includes website activity and statistics about browsing habits. These are collected and generated anonymously in log files that help determine statistics such as how many and how often users have visited our web site, which pages they've visited, and other similar data. We also use these log files for our internal marketing and demographic studies in order to improve the online services We provide you. Log files are used internally only.
Linking to third party sites: To provide relevant information not found in our mobile apps and/or on our website, to facilitate online shopping on third-party websites that provide donations to Ridgewood on your behalf, and to allow you to interact with other third-party websites on which you may have accounts, such as Paypal for donations to Ridgewood or websites such as Terra Metrics used to providemap directions. We may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to transfer to those third-party websites from our website. Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. Please read the third party sites' privacy policies before using their sites or applications.
Third Party Advertising: We do not display third-party advertising nor do we promote third-party ads on our website.
Changes to Private Policy: We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by means of a notice at the beginning of
this privacy page.
Questions: If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy statement, please contact rps@ridgewoodprep.com.