https://royalbirkdale.com/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This website will not store or capture personal data (e.g. name, email address) without the prior knowledge and consent of users. In the event that you are asked to provide personal information to the web site, you may be asked whether you wish to receive any further communication from Royal Birkdale Golf Club. We will make sure all personal data that is supplied is held as securely as possible, in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
Data
Royal Birkdale Golf Club does not sell or otherwise transfer any personal data to commercial companies or other organisations, with the exception of web statistics (see below) which are hosted and managed by a third party company (ie Google, Inc and other web analytics services).
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How we use cookies
A cookie is usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your computer while you browse a website. When you visit the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of your previous activity. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember the state of the website or activity the user had taken in the past. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to user needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.