https://royoftherovers.com/privacy-policy
News
Newsletter
Shop
Get the app
Privacy PolicyWhat is this?This page tells you exactly how the official Roy of the Rovers website and mobile apps collect and use data collected from users.If you want to learn more about the information we collect and how we keep it safe, read on!What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.  When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?In addition to any use of your personal data that you specifically request, any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:Where we need to do so to fulfil a contract:To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested and fulfilling our obligations to you pursuant to the relevant contract which exists between us.Where we have a legitimate interest to use your data for one or more of the following activities:To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature in which you have chosen to participateTo send periodic emailsThe email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.Do we use cookies?Yes!Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?No!We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information (i.e.: anonymous data) may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Where we share data with service providers located outside of the European Economic area we take measures to ensure that these transfers are lawful and that your rights are protected. We usually accomplish by using the European Union’s standard contract clauses for international data transfers – but if you would like to know more about how we manage these relationships then you can contact us for specific information using the contact details provided below.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at: https://royoftheroversofficial.com/terms-of-use Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Your RightsAs a data subject you have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. Below, we have described the various rights that you have, as well as how you can exercise them.Right of AccessYou may, at any time, request access to the personal data that we hold which relates to you (you may have heard of this right being described as a "subject access request"). Please note that this right entitles you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you in order to enable you to check that it is correct and to ensure that we are processing that personal data lawfully. It is not a right that allows you to request personal data about other people, or a right to request specific documents from us that do not relate to your personal data. You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out below and telling us that you are making a subject access request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.Your Right to Rectification and ErasureYou may, at any time, request that we correct personal data that we hold about you which you believe is incorrect or inaccurate. You may also ask us to erase personal data if you do not believe that we need to continue retaining it (you may have heard of this right described as the “right to be forgotten”).Please note that we may ask you to verify any new data that you provide to us and may take our own steps to check that the new data you have supplied us with is right. Further, we are not always obliged to erase personal data when asked to do so; if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to erase we will tell you what that reason is at the time we respond to your request. You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out below and telling us that you are making a request to have your personal data rectified or erased and on what basis you are making that request. If you want us to replace inaccurate data with new data, you should tell us what that new data is. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.Your Right to Restrict ProcessingWhere we process your personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest (see the sections of this Policy which explain how and why we use your information) you are entitled to ask us to stop processing it in that way if you feel that our continuing to do so impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms or if you feel that those legitimate interests are not valid. You may also ask us to stop processing your personal data (a) if you dispute the accuracy of that personal data and want us verify that data's accuracy; (b) where it has been established that our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where we no longer need to process your personal data (and would otherwise dispose of it) but you wish for us to continue storing it in order to enable you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. Please note that if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to stop processing, we will tell you what that reason is, either at the time we first respond to your request or after we have had the opportunity to consider and investigate it. You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out below and telling us that you are making a request to have us stop processing the relevant aspect of your personal data and describing which of the above conditions you believe is relevant to that request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.Your Right to PortabilityWhere you wish to transfer certain personal data that we hold about you, which is processed by automated means, to a third party you may write to us and ask us to provide it to you in a commonly used machine-readable format. Because of the kind of work that we do and the systems that we use, we do not envisage this right being particularly relevant to the majority of individuals with whom we interact. However, if you wish to transfer your data from us to a third party we are happy to consider such requests.Your Right to stop receiving communicationsWhere we send you e-mail marketing communications (or other regulated electronic messages) you have the right to opt-out at any time. You can do this by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in the footer of each communication (or the equivalent mechanism in those communications).Alternatively, if for any reason you cannot use those links, or if you would prefer to contact us directly – you can unsubscribe by writing to us at privacy@royoftheroversofficial.com and telling us which communications you would like us to stop sending you. Your Right to object to automated decision making and profilingYou have the right to be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your personal data, and where appropriate, be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you. Exercising your rightsWhen you write to us making a request to exercise your rights we are entitled to ask you to prove that you are who you say you are. We may ask you to provide copies of relevant ID documents to help us to verify your identity. It will help us to process your request if you clearly state which right you wish to exercise and, where relevant, why it is that you are exercising it. The clearer and more specific you can be, the faster and more efficiently we can deal with your request. If you do not provide us with sufficient information then we may delay actioning your request until you have provided us with additional information (and where this is the case we will tell you).Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.privacy@royoftheroversofficial.com Roy of the Rovers PrivacyRiverside House, Osney MeadOxford, OXON OX2 0ESUK+44 01865 792201
Agree and Continue
In order to give you the best experience we have set our website to allow cookies.
By continuing, you agree that you are happy for us to use these cookies.
For more details please see our Privacy Policy.
Close
STOP!
You are now leaving the official Roy of the Rovers website.
If you need to check with your parents before going ahead, do it now!
And remember: never give any information about yourself or your family to any website you visit.
<
Back
Go back
Leave
Leave Roy of the Rovers
>
Close
Get the app
Keep up to date with all things Roy of the Rovers on your tablet or phone!
Read the comics, dive into the
books, and grab some free comic strips – all in the new Roy of the Rovers app! Goals, glory and games galore
await!Install now to read the free Roy
of the Rovers strip that ran in Match of the Day magazine!
Close
Newsletter Sign Up
Please provide a valid email address.
I confirm that I am 13 years of age or older.
Sign Up
Cancel
Close
Contact Us
Please provide a valid email address.
Enquiry Type:
Web Shop Enquiry
Roy of the Rovers App
Privacy Policy Enquiry
Press Enquiry
General Enquiry
Please tell us what the enquiry relates to.
Please provide a message that is at least 50 characters long.
Send Message
Cancel
Close
Home
News
Newsletter
Shop
Fiction
Comics
Classic
Free
Merchandise
Get the app
Sign in
Register
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Rebellion
Contact Us
Start shopping
Proceed to checkout