http://ruisliprangersyfc.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Ruislip Rangers
Menu
HOME
COVID-19
Guidance
Sports Hygiene
NEWS
THE CLUB
About Us
Our Locations
Contacts
Business Plan
Football Camps
Honours
Sponsors
Club Sponsors
Tournament Sponsors
Team & Section Sponsors
Advertising Opportunities
Partners
QPR Partner Club
Nike Partner Club
Wycombe Partner Club
Policies
Safeguarding Policy
Privacy Policy
Child Protection
Data Protection Policy
Health and Safety Policy
Respect & Discipline
Anti-Bullying
Equality Policy
Social Media
Our Football Philosophy
Our Mascot
Wembley Ball Boys
Emergency Action Plan
TEAMS & MATCHES
Our Teams
Under 5s & 6s
Fixtures – Youth & Girls
Fixtures – Mini Soccer
Joining A Team
Results
PLAYERS & PARENTS
2020/21 Player Membership
Codes of Conduct
Discounted QPR Tickets
Email Newsletter
MANAGERS & COACHES
Documents & Downloads
Referee Fees
Coaching Courses
Coaching Resources
Basecamp Login
SHOP
50TH
Our 50th Anniversary Celebrations
Our 50th Anniversary Book
Privacy Policy
Ruislip Rangers (Club) (“we”, “our”,
“us”) take your privacy very seriously.
This Privacy Notice sets out
how we use and look after the personal information we collect from you. We are
the data controller, responsible for the processing of any personal data you
give us. We take reasonable care to keep your information secure and to prevent
any unauthorised access to or use of it.
What personal data we hold on you
Personal data means any information about an individual from
which that individual can be identified.
We collect, use, store and transfer some personal data of
our participants [and their parents or guardians], and other Club members.
You provide information about
yourself when you register with the Club, and by filling in forms at an event
or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
The information you give us
may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number,
gender, and the contact details of a third party in the case of emergency. We
may also ask for relevant health information, which is classed as special
category personal data, for the purposes of your health, wellbeing, welfare and
safeguarding. Where we hold this data it will be with the explicit consent of
the participant or, if applicable, the participant’s parent or guardian.
Where we need to collect personal data to fulfil Club
responsibilities and you do not provide that data, we may not be able honour or
administer your membership.
Why we need your personal data
We will only use personal data for any purpose for which it
has been specifically provided.
The reason we need participants’ and members’ personal data is to be able to run the football club and arrange matches; to administer memberships, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal data is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a participant or member to provide the services you are registering for. We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Who we share your personal data with
When
you become a member of the Club, your information, if you are a coach or
volunteer will be or if you are another participant may be (depending upon
which league(s) your team plays in) entered onto the Whole Game System
database, which is administered by the FA. We also pass your information to the
County FA and to leagues to register participants and the team for matches,
tournaments or other events, and for affiliation purposes.
We may share your personal data with selected third
parties, suppliers and sub-contractors such as referees, coaches or match
organisers. Third-party service providers will only process your personal data
for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties
to comply with a legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or
safety of our participants, members or affiliates, or others.
The
Club’s data processing may require your personal data to be transferred outside
of the UK. Where the Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with
the sufficient appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that
personal data.
Protection of your
personal data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to
prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an
unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
How long we hold your personal data
We keep
personal data on our participants and members while they continue to be a
participant or member or are otherwise actively involved with the Club. We will
delete this data[1]  after a participant or member has left or otherwise ended
their membership or affiliation, or sooner if specifically requested and we are
able to do so. We may need to retain some personal data for longer for legal or
regulatory purposes. The personal data that is stored on Whole Game System is
subject to their privacy policy so we advise you review that policy together
with this notice. If you would like your personal data to be deleted from Whole
Game System then please contact them.
Your rights regarding your personal data
As a
data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to,
rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to
certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing;
to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data
protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about
the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.
Collection of data relating to COVID-19 football activities
As part of the FA and Government guidance for footballing activities during COVID-19 we are required to collect additional data as necessary to assist with the NHS Test and Trace procedures.
The information we will collect is:
The date of the session.Names, contact phone number and the dates and times of all coaches and assistants attending each session.Names and the date and time of all participants attending each session.Names, a contact phone number and the dates and times of parents/carers attending each session.
We will retain this information for 21 days after each session for potential use for NHS Test and Trace. After the expiration of 21 days this information will be deleted or securely disposed of in accordance with our GDPR regulations.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time, and will
inform you to any changes in how we handle your personal data.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice then
please contact the Club Secretary.
CLUB SPONSOR
LATEST NEWS
Tickets are now on sale for our October Half-Term Football Camp
October 1, 2020
FA announcement: Outdoor grassroots football can continue
September 11, 2020
Summary of the Covid-19 arrangements
August 30, 2020
Derek Gumm RIP
August 29, 2020
The Art Gallery announces sponsorship of our Under 13 Blues team
August 18, 2020
TOURNAMENT SPONSORNIKE PARTNER CLUBQPR PARTNER CLUBCHILDLINEWE SUPPORT HEADS UP
© 2020 the Ruislip Rangers,
. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy