http://ruisliprangersyfc.org.uk/data-protection-policy/
Data Protection Policy
RUISLIP RANGERS, (“we”, “our”, “us”) handle personal data about current, former, and on occasion prospective players (and their parents or guardians), employees, volunteers, committee members, other Club members, referees, coaches, managers, contractors, third parties, suppliers, and any other individuals that we communicate with.
In your official capacity with RUISLIP RANGERS,
you may process personal data on our behalf and we will process personal data
about you. We recognise the need to treat all personal data in an appropriate
and lawful manner, in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation
2016/679 (GDPR). Correct and lawful treatment of this data will
maintain confidence in the [RUISLIP RANGERS, and protect the rights of players
and any other individuals associated with the RUISLIP RANGERS. This Policy sets
out our data protection responsibilities and highlights the obligations of the RUISLIP
RANGERS, which means the obligations of our employees, committee, volunteers, members,
and any other contractor or legal or natural individual or organisation acting
for or on behalf of the RUISLIP RANGERS.You are obliged to comply with this policy when
processing personal data on behalf of the RUISLIP RANGERS, and this policy will
help you to understand how to handle personal data.The RUISLIP RANGERS committee will be responsible for ensuring
compliance with this Policy. Any questions about this Policy or data protection
concerns should be referred to the committee.We process volunteer, member, referee, coach,
manager, contractor, committee, supplier and third party personal data for administrative
and RUISLIP RANGERS management purposes. Our purpose for holding this personal
data is to be able to contact relevant individuals on RUISLIP RANGERS business, and our legal basis for
processing your personal data in this way is the contractual relationship we
have with you. We will keep this data for 12 months after the end of your
official relationship with the RUISLIP RANGERS, unless required otherwise by
law and / or regulatory requirements. If you do not provide your personal data
for this purpose, you will not be able to carry out your role or the
obligations of your contract with the RUISLIP RANGERS.here.3 of this policy and in
further detail below):
If you have any questions at any time then please
just ask Club Secretary. We are here to help.
Anyone processing personal data must comply with
the enforceable principles of data protection. Personal data must be:processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent
manner;collected for only specified, explicit and
legitimate purposes; adequate, relevant and limited to what is
necessary for the purpose(s) for which it is processed;accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date;kept in a form which permits identification of individuals
for no longer than is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it is processed; processed in a manner that ensures its security by
appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against
unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or
damage;We are responsible for and must be able to
demonstrate compliance with the data protection principles listed above.4.
Fair and lawful processingThis Policy aims to ensure that our data
processing is done fairly and without adversely affecting the rights of the individual.Lawful processing means data must be processed
on one of the legal bases set out in the GDPR. When special category personal
data is being processed, additional conditions must be met. 5.
Processing for limited purposesThe Ruislip Rangers collects and processes
personal data. This is data we receive directly from an individual and data we
may receive from other sources.We will only process personal data for the
purposes of the Ruislip Rangers as instructed by the committee, the County FA
or The FA, or as specifically permitted by the GDPR. We will let individuals
know what those purposes are when we first collect the data or as soon as
possible thereafter.ConsentOne of the lawful bases on which we may be
processing data is the individual’s consent.An individual consents to us processing their
personal data if they clearly indicate specific and informed agreement, either
by a statement or positive action. Individuals must be easily able to withdraw their
consent at any time and withdrawal must be promptly honoured. Consents
should be refreshed every season. Explicit consent is usually required for
automated decision-making and for cross-border data transfers, and for processing
special category personal data. Where children are involved then the consent
must be in writing from parent/guardianWhere consent is our legal basis for processing,
we will need to keep records of when and how this consent was captured.Our Privacy Notice sets out the lawful bases on
which we process data of our players and members.7.
Notifying individualsWhere we collect personal data directly from individuals,
we will inform them about:the purpose(s) for which we intend to process
that personal data;the legal basis on which we are processing that
personal data;where that legal basis is a legitimate interest,
what that legitimate interest is;where that legal basis is statutory or
contractual, any possible consequences of failing to provide that personal
data;the types of third parties, if any, with which
we will share that personal data, including any international data transfers;their rights as data subjects, and how they can
limit our use of their personal data;the period for which data will be stored and how
that period is determined;any automated decision-making processing of that
data and whether the data may be used for any further processing, and what that
further processing is.If we receive personal data about an individual
from other sources, we will provide the above information as soon as possible
and let them know the source we received their personal data from;We will also inform those whose personal data we
process that we, the Ruislip Rangers, are the data controller in regard to that
data, and which individual(s) in the Ruislip Rangers are responsible for data
protection.8.
Adequate, relevant and non-excessive processingWe will only collect personal data that is
required for the specific purpose notified to the individual.You may only process personal data if required to
do so in your official capacity with the Ruislip Rangers. You cannot process
personal data for any reason unrelated to your duties.The Ruislip Rangers must ensure that when
personal data is no longer needed for specified purposes, it is deleted or
anonymised.9.
Accurate data
We will ensure that personal data we hold is accurate and
kept up to date. We will check the accuracy of any personal data at the point
of collection and at the start of each season. We will take all
reasonable steps to destroy or amend inaccurate or out-of-date data.
10.
Timely processing
We will not keep personal data longer than is necessary
for the purpose(s) for which they were collected. We will take all reasonable
steps to destroy or delete data which is no longer required, as per our Privacy
Notice.
11.
Processing in line with data subjects’ rightsAs data subjects, all individuals have the right
to:be informed of what personal data is being processed;request access to any data held about them by a
data controller;object to processing of their data for
direct-marketing purposes (including profiling);ask to have inaccurate or incomplete data
rectified;be forgotten (deletion or removal of personal
data);restrict processing;data portability; andnot be subject to a decision which is based on
automated processing.The Ruislip Rangers is aware that not all individuals’
rights are absolute, and any requests regarding the above should be immediately
reported to the committee, and if applicable escalated to the Middlesex FA for
guidance. 12.
Data securityWe will take appropriate security measures
against unlawful or unauthorised processing of personal data, and against the
accidental loss of, or damage to, personal data.We have proportionate procedures and technology
to maintain the security of all personal data. Personal data will only be transferred to another
party to process on our behalf (a data
processor) where we have a GDPR-compliant written contract in place with
that data processor.We will maintain data security by protecting the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of the personal data.Our security procedures include:Entry
controls. Any stranger seen in entry-controlled areas should be reported.Secure
desks, cabinets and cupboards. Desks and cupboards should be locked if they
hold personal data.Methods
of disposal. Paper documents should be shredded. Digital storage devices
should be physically destroyed.Equipment.
Screens and monitors must not show personal data to passers-by, and should be
locked when unattended. Excel spreadsheets will be password protected.Personal
Devices. Anyone accessing or processing the Ruislip Rangers’ personal data
on their own device, must have and operate a password only access or similar
lock function, and should have appropriate anti-virus protection. These devices
must have the Ruislip Rangers’ personal data removed prior to being replaced by
a new device or prior to such individual ceasing to work with or support the Ruislip
Rangers.13.
Disclosure and sharing of personal informationWe share personal data with Middlesex FA, and
with applicable leagues using Whole Game System.We may share personal data with third parties or
suppliers for the services they provide, and instruct them to process our
personal data on our behalf as data processors. Where we share data with third
parties, we will ensure we have a compliant written contract in place
incorporating the minimum data processer terms as set out in the GDPR, which
may be in the form of a supplier’s terms of service.We may share personal data we hold if we are
under a duty to disclose or share an individual’s personal data in order to
comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any contract
with the individual or other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or
safety of our employees, players, other individuals associated with the Ruislip
Rangers or others. 14.
Transferring personal data to a country outside
the EEA
We may transfer any personal data we hold to
a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), provided that one of the appropriate safeguards applies.
Reporting a personal data breachIn the case of a breach of personal data, we may
need to notify the applicable regulatory body and the individual. If you know or suspect that a personal data breach
has occurred, inform a member of the committee immediately, who may need to
escalate to the Middlesex FA as appropriate. You should preserve all evidence
relating to a potential personal data breach. 16.
Dealing with subject access requestsIndividuals may make a formal request for
information we hold about them. Anyone who receives such a request should
forward it to the board/committee immediately, and where necessary escalated to
the Middlesex FA for guidance. Nobody should feel bullied or pressured into
disclosing personal information.When receiving telephone enquiries, we will only
disclose personal data if we have checked the caller’s identity to make sure they
are entitled to it.AccountabilityThe Ruislip Rangers must implement appropriate
technical and organisational measures to look after personal data, and is
responsible for, and must be able to demonstrate compliance with the data
protection principles.The Ruislip Rangers must have adequate resources
and controls in place to ensure and to document GDPR compliance, such as:providing fair processing notice to individuals
at all points of data capture;training committee and volunteers on the GDPR, and
this Data Protection Policy; andreviewing the privacy measures implemented by
the Ruislip Rangers.18.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any
time. Where appropriate, we will notify you by email.
CLUB SPONSOR
LATEST NEWS
Donate to Ruislip Rangers every time you shop on Amazon
October 12, 2020
Tickets are now on sale for our October Half-Term Football Camp
October 1, 2020
FA announcement: Outdoor grassroots football can continue
September 11, 2020
Summary of the Covid-19 arrangements
August 30, 2020
Derek Gumm RIP
August 29, 2020
TOURNAMENT SPONSORNIKE PARTNER CLUBQPR PARTNER CLUBCHILDLINEWE SUPPORT HEADS UP