https://runnersresource.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Beginner’s Guide
Barefoot Running Guide
Running Glossary
We respect your privacy. Unless you are subscribing to our ezine, we don’t collect any information that personally identifies you.
If you do subscribe to our ezine, we just collect your first name and email address. And if you want to unsubsribe, you can do that at anytime just by clicking a link in the email message.
We do not use any type of adware or spyware either. Browse this site with confidence!
However, our website analytics software and third-party advertisers do collect unidentifiable personal information, as outlined below.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files includes your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Verizon), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site, and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York sports store ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing triathlon ads to someone who frequents triathlon sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, usually by clicking Tools > Options on the menu. However, this can negatively affect your browsing experience or result in the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Leave a Comment Cancel replyCommentName
Search for:
Beginner’s GuideIntroduction
Running Shoes
Clothing & Accessories
Nutrition
Training
Racing
MP3 Players & Music
Cold & Wet Weather
Safety Concerns
Barefoot GuideIntroduction
Why Run Barefoot?
Barefoot vs Minimalist Running
Transitioning to Barefoot
“Barefoot” Shoe Options
Dangers of Running Barefoot
Improve Running Form
About UsAbout Us
Contact Us
Write For Us
Site InfoAbout Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Featured ArticlesDanny Dreyer on Eating Healthy
How to Overcome Mental Fatigue
Come Back from a Long Layoff
Take Your Run Off-Road
Tackling the Tough Guy
Say “No” to Running Shoes
Running With a Dog
Training Mistakes Runners Make
How to Plan a Charity Run
Featured ReviewsClif Bar
Chi Running DVD
Tommie Copper Calf Sleeves
Air Optix Night & Day Contacts
Runner’s Ezine Stay up to date on Runner's Resource.