https://ryanfamily.com/privacy-policy/
HOMESPECIALSBOWLLOCATIONS BOWLING
Buzzards Bay Cape Cod Mall Millis Raynham Yarmouth
GAMES
Newport Oak Bluffs Plymouth GAMESBIRTHDAYSEVENTS FUNDRAISER EVENTSPLAYERS CARDABOUT About Ryan Amusements Employment
PRIVACY POLICY
Ryan Amusements
Ryan's and Ten Pin Eatery Privacy Policy is to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We are committed to handling your personal information in a safe, secure and responsible manner. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR WWW.RYANFAMILY.COMWe use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site’s registration forms require users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. Ryan Family Amusements (www.ryanfamily.com) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such linked Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from forms is used to send orders and information to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is only used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). The information collected may be exchanged or rented to other nonprofits with like purposes. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
PUBLIC FORUMSThis site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, weblogs and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
SECURITYYour payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.” (Etc.)
REFUND POLICYWe do not offer refunds on gift cards.
CHOICE/OPT-OUTOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
SHIPPING POLICY/DELIVERY POLICYPlease be assured that gift cards will ship out within three days of purchase. We ship via USPS.
If you’re trying to estimate when a package will be delivered, please note the following: Credit card authorization and verification must be received prior to processing.
SHIPPING AND HANDLING COSTSShipping and handling costs are included with gift card purchases.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1. Contact: webmaster@ryanfamily.com by email
2. Send a request to:WebmasterRyan Family Amusements116 Waterhouse RoadBourne, MA 02532
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. Contact: webmaster@ryanfamily.com by email
2. Send a request to:Webmaster116 Waterhouse RoadBourne, MA 02532
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
WebmasterRyan Family Amusements116 Waterhouse RoadBourne, MA 02532Email: webmaster@ryanfamily.com
This page was last updated on February 1, 2020.
Corporate Parties
Birthday Parties
Group Events
English
English