https://salemgym.com/my-account/policies/privacy-policy/
About
Our History
Meet Our Staff
Testimonials
Join Our Team
Location & Directions
What’s Happening at Salem!
Hope Floats @ Salem Swim
Gymnastics
Drop-in Lessons
Preschool Gymnastics | 1-5 Yrs
Girl’s Gymnastics | 5-18 Yrs
Boy’s Gymnastics | 5-18 years
Cheer Tumbling | All Ages
Rec Gymnastics League
USAG Competitive Gymnastics Teams
Swim
Why Salem Swim?
Drop-in Lessons
Learn To Swim | 3 mo-3 Yrs
Learn To Swim | 3-5 Yrs
Learn To Swim | 5-18 Yrs
Private Swim Lessons | All Ages
Speed Week!
Training Team
Adult Swim
Events
Birthday Parties
Host a Party
RSVP to my friend’s party
Holiday Fundays
Halloween Festival
A Day at the North Pole
Totally Kids Camps
TKC | Winter Break
TKC | Spring Break
TKC | Summer Break 2021
Teacher Workday Camp!
Rec Gymnastics League
Academy
Information and Enroll
Open Positions
Account
Login to my Parent Portal
Calendar
How To Register
Policies
Class Policies
Gymnastics
Swim
Tumbling
Billing Policy
Privacy Policy
Snow Days
Privacy Policy
Salem Gymnastics & Swim Privacy Policy
The privacy of your personal information is very important to Salem Gymnastics Center, LTD dba. Salem Gymnastics & Swim (hereafter referred to as “SGS”). We will not sell, rent or trade your personal information to any third party. We will take special care to protect the privacy and security of your information.
This policy explains our information practices and the way that SGS collects and uses your information. This Privacy Policy covers the information you provide to us offline and at SGS’s web site.
HOW DOES SALEM GYMNASTICS & SWIM COLLECT AND USE MY INFORMATION?
When you register for classes at SGS, we collect contact information such as guardian names, addresses, phone numbers, emergency contacts, e-mail address and student information such as student names, birthdays, medical conditions, and your comments. Some of the information is required and is noted with a red asterisk on the forms. This information is needed to manage studio business and will not be used or sold for any other purpose, except as described below. Some of the information is optional (NOT marked with a red asterisk). Optional information is requested to help us better understand our customers and is used only as needed for studio business. This information will not be used or sold for any other purposes, except as described below.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?
When you register, you are required to enter an e-mail address and a password. The combination of that e-mail account and password is used to ensure that only you have access to, and only you have the ability to modify, your personal information through SGS’s website. SGS’s office personnel have access to your personal information only to manage the studio business. SGS will access your personal information and/or share it with third parties only for the following purposes: (i) as needed for studio business; (ii) if required to do so by law or to comply with legal process; or (iii) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the public.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you wish to update or remove any of your personal information, please send us an email or contact the office by calling 336.765.4668 x. 0.
Our Programs
Recreational Gymnastics
Competitve Gymnastics
Learn-to-Swim
Tumbling
About Us About Us
Meet Our Staff
Testimonials
Join Our Team
…MORE Calendar
Totally Kids Camp
Field Trips & Group Events
Contact Us 4870 Country Club Rd
Winston-Salem, NC 27104
E-mail: info@salemgym.com
Phone: 336.765.4668
Fax: 336.760.3337
Back to Top
© 2019-2020 Salem Gymnastics & Swim. All rights reserved.