https://sarahbowling.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicySarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love is a Christian, nonprofit organization committed to excellence, integrity, and your privacy. This Policy is provided to inform you of the ways Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love collects, uses, stores, transfers and discloses your personal information. By providing your information, you agree to your personal information being processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time (as noted at the bottom).INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USESarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love collects some anonymous information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual (when that person is not signed in with an account). For example, our web servers automatically record the IP address (the general location where the user is logged) of each visitor to our Website, SarahBowling.org, and tracks how many people visit the Website. This anonymous information is used to administer and specialize the Website more effectively and gain general information about the backgrounds and sources of visitors. Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love may also ask you to provide personal information that identifies you. We require this information when you create an account, submit an inquiry to us, become a partner, make a purchase or donation, or engage with us for promotional purposes. Such information could include your name, postal address, phone number, email address, date of birth, marital status, other demographic information, or credit card information. Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love limits the personal information it collects to that which is reasonable under the circumstances, and we only collect your personal information with your consent. Upon a transaction or subscription submission with Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love your email address will be added to our email communications list.We use your personal information for the purposes we state or imply when it is collected, and we may otherwise use your personal information where permissible by law, for example to respond to an emergency, or in the course of an investigation into illegal behavior. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIESCookies are small pieces of text used to store information on devices that visit websites. Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, pixel technology (e.g. Facebook pixel) and other software (Google Analytics and Google Ads), are used for similar purposes. In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.”Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love use cookies in various ways, as followed:• Authenticating and identifying you on our websites so we can provide you the services you requested, including location services.• Keeping track of information that you have provided to us. • Measuring your use of the websites so that we can tailor your experience to your interests, and improve our service on the Website, apps or social media platforms.• To help us keep your account, data and the website safe and secure.• Communicate with you about products and services.• Select content to be communicated with you, including personalized promotional offers.Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These functions are not uniform. Note that if you disable cookies certain features on our sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.If you would like more information on how Google and Facebook use your information, please view their policies linked below.Google: https://policies.google.com/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/EMAILS FROM SARAH BOWLING – LIVING GENUINE LOVESarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love has found that attractive, graphics-rich emails are a quick and effective way to inform our registered users and subscribers of new resources, clearance and sale items, projects and events to provide them opportunities to support our ministry. We maintain that every email provides an option for you to unsubscribe to such information.Even if you have opted out of receiving promotional communications from us, please be aware that we may still contact you for other purposes. For example, we may contact you to provide communications you have consented to receive, regarding the products you have requested or services we provide to you, or if you contact us with an inquiry.INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURESarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love will not rent, sell, lease, or share personal information with other organizations, except in response to subpoenas, court orders, legal processes, or to establish and/or exercise legal rights.DATA CONTROLLERSarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love is the legal entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data. As the Data Controller, Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love takes all reasonable steps to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal information. We protect the personal information within our custody or control with appropriate organizational, technological and physical safeguards.DATA PROCESSOR/THIRD PARTIESSarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love is a Data Controller as well as a Data Processor. However, there are times when Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love uses trusted third-party service providers to help us collect and process information. These third party Processors may have access to, store, or process Personal Data or Client Data as part of providing those services for us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and our contracts with them require them to maintain the confidentiality of such information and conform to our privacy standards. Some of these third parties may be located outside of the country you reside in, and as a result, that country’s courts, governments or law enforcement agencies could obtain disclosure of your information in accordance with that country’s laws.When you place an online order or make an online donation, you will be required to provide your name, email address, mailing address, contact number, payment card details and/or other information (e.g. special delivery instructions). We may share selected information with our agents, sub-contractors (e.g. shipping company) and/or third parties (e.g. the issuer of your payment card) for the sole purpose of delivering the product(s) you requested or processing your donation.PERSONAL INFORMATION, SAFEGUARDS AND RETENTIONTo make online giving and shopping at the Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love website a safe and secure experience, we use a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) capable browser. This means that any credit/debit card information you send is encrypted by your computer, and then decrypted again on our server, making it extremely difficult for others to access your private information during transmission. Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love takes seriously the trust you place in us and strives to keep your personal information accurately recorded. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to help maintain data accuracy. Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love provides individuals with reasonable access to personal information that they provided to us, and the reasonable ability to review and correct it or ask for anonymization, blockage, or deletion, as applicable. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect.If you live outside of the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including Personal Data) to the United States where our servers are located. We only retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold it.COMPROMISE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn the event that personal information is compromised as a breach of security, Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.THIRD PARTY LINKSThe Website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information that we collect or receive from third parties with your consent and we cannot be responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use, including through their websites. You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully.In addition, when you provide to us information on a third party website or platform, the information may also be collected by the third party website and may be subject to their privacy policy.MINOR POLICYWe do not knowingly collect children’s personal information. Users under the age of 16 must ask parent or guardian permission to use this Website, request information from Sarah Bowling, or purchase any resources on this Website.CONTACT SARAH BOWLING – LIVING GENUINE LOVESarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love strives to keep all personal information complete, up-to-date and accurate. You or a person authorized on your behalf has the right to request changes or corrections to inaccurate or incomplete information. If you have any questions, please reach out to us via one of the avenues listed below:Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love6825 S Galena St Suite 304Centennial, CO 80112720.673.0373customerservice@genuinelove.orgEuropean Users and Your RightsACCESS, CORRECTION, DELETIONUsers residing within the EU, are afforded certain rights regarding their personal information. Except where an exception or exemption applies, these rights include the ability to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal information. We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided to us. If you wish to access or amend any Personal Data we hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about you please use the contact link provided below. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.SarahBowling.org/contactDISPUTE RESOLUTIONIf you reside in the EU and you believe your personal information was handled incorrectly, you can email our Data Protection Officer at admin@genuinelove.orgDATA PROTECTION AUTHORITYSubject to applicable law, if you are a citizen or resident of the European Union, you also have the right to (i) object to Sarah Bowling – Living Genuine Love’s use of your personal information and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s Office.United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, CheshireSK9 5AF, United KingdomTelephone: +0303 123 1113Fax: 01625 524510Web: ico.org.uk/global/contact-usThis version of the Privacy Policy became effective on February 25, 2020
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Accept & Close
Subscribe now to receive updates and a free chapter and teaching video from Sarah's book, Heavenly Help.
First Name (required)
Last Name (required)
Your Email (required)