https://sarniasting.com/article/sting-proud-to-help-most-vunlerable-in-community-with-7414-raised-in-puck-covid-campaign
MENU
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $200! SHOP STING MERCHANDISE HERE
September 9, 2020
Sting Proud to Help Most Vulnerable in Community with $7,414 raised in Puck Covid Campaign
Community Commitment
SARNIA, ON- As part of the Sting commitment to the Sarnia-Lambton community, the Club is proud to announce that in partnership with Lambton Elderly Outreach (LEO), $7,414 has been raised to help provide services for those most vulnerable during the COVID 19 pandemic.
This past June the Sarnia Sting teamed up with Lambton Elderly Outreach to launch the Puck Covid tee-shirt campaign with a goals of uniting the community in a time of separation and distancing as well as raise awareness to the services provide by LEO and raise money to help those most vulnerable to COVID 19 through those services.
“As part of our organization mission, our goal is to use the game and our platform to unite this community and support each other when we need it most.” Comments Sting President Bill Abercrombie.
“This campaign in support of LEO, along with the online 50/50 campaign in support of Bluewater Health Foundation exemplifies that and on behalf of our entire organization I want to thank everyone for their continued generosity towards initiatives like these.” Abercrombie Adds.
The Sarnia Sting would like to thank Lambton Elderly Outreach for their effort in this partnership; in particular Director of Community Support Services, Laura Domingos for her tireless effort and enthusiasm throughout the campaign.
“LEO is very excited to have had the privilege and opportunity to partner with the Sarnia Sting organization on the PUCK COVID initiative. This campaign has helped to bring awareness and support to the essential services that we at LEO have been providing to the residents of Sarnia-Lambton and Chatham-Kent for the past 50 years. The Sarnia Sting organization is a wonderful community focused organization that has such a positive impact on the people throughout the county and we look forward to continuing to work together in partnership.”  Comments Domingos.
More News
Questions? - Click Here & Ask Us!
2 years ago
Ryan Mast
Teachers Life
Academic Spotlight Series: Ryan Mast
3 days ago
Bitsy Army- Auction to Support Brain Tumour Foundation of Canada
4 days ago
2020 Teddy Bear Dropoff at Lambton Ford Santa Claus Parade Locations
1 week ago
The HoneyPot is Open to the Public!
2 weeks ago
Sarnia Sting Holiday Hockey Camp- Waiting List
3 weeks ago
Academic Spotlight Series: Peter Stratis
3 weeks ago