https://sarniasting.com/article/ticketing-policy
MENU
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $200! SHOP STING MERCHANDISE HERE
March 19, 2020
Ticketing Policy
As of March 18, 2020 the Ontario Hockey League made the decision to cancel the remainder  of the 2019-2020 regular season to assist in the fight against the COVID-19 virus.
With this news the following four (4) remaining Sarnia Sting home games have been cancelled with no rescheduling.  These dates include:
Friday, March 13, 2020 vs. Owen Sound Attack
Sunday, March 15, 2020 vs. Erie Otters
Wednesday, March 18, 2020 vs. Kitchener Rangers
Saturday March 21, 2020 vs. London Knights
Please note: At the current time there is no access to Progressive Auto Sales Arena and therefore the Mainstreet Credit Union Sarnia Sting Box Office as well as Sarnia Sting Coaches and Business Office  until at least April 5, 2020 as per mandated by the City of Sarnia. Once the Club is allowed back in to conduct regular operations we can begin to apply vouchers to accounts that qualify as per the information below and properly answer any questions you may have We understand these are very frustrating and disappointing times for all (including us) and we appreciate your patience as we navigate this unknown climate.
As a result of the cancellation, anyone holding tickets to any one of the cancelled games will have the following options:
Individual Ticket Purchasers
Patrons who have purchased individual tickets for any of the above cancellations will receive one (1) voucher per ticket purchased that can be redeemed for any game between September – December 31, 2020, as part of the 2020-21 regular season.
*Gold ticket purchasers will receive vouchers eligible for gold seating
*Regular ticket purchasers will receive vouchers eligible for regular seating
Group Ticket Purchasers
Those who booked a group of 15 or more as well as any Group Experience will be contacted directly by a representative from the Sarnia Sting once the Progressive Auto Sales Arena is reopened (No earlier than April 6th),
Flex Package/ Voucher Redemption
Patrons who have redeemed Flex Ticketing or vouchers for any of the above cancelled games will received one (1) voucher per voucher to be redeemed for any game(s) between September – December 31, 2020 as part of the 2020-21 regular season.
*Gold Flex purchasers will receive vouchers eligible for gold seating
*Regular Flex purchasers will receive vouchers eligible for regular seating
Unused Flex / Voucher Ticketing
Any patron with unused flex / voucher ticketing remaining on their account will be eligible to redeem said vouchers for any game between September – December 31, 2020 as part of the 2020-21 regular season.
Season Ticket Holders
Season Ticket Holders will receive one voucher (1) per season ticket owned per game missed.  Eligible to redeem said vouchers for any game(s) during the 2020-21 regular season.
Example: If you own two (2) season tickets you will receive eight (8) additional flex vouchers that can be redeemed for any game during the 2020-21 regular season.
Note: Season ticket holders will also receive their regular four (4) “bring a friend” vouchers as per their regular season ticket holder benefits.
*Gold season seat holders  will receive vouchers eligible for gold seating
*Regular season seat holders will receive vouchers eligible for regular seating
Platinum Seat Holders
Platinum seat holders will receive a ticketing credit equal to the total value of missed games at the platinum ticket rate.
Individual Luxury Suite Rentals
Patrons who have rented a single game luxury suite for any of the above cancelled games. will be contacted directly on an individual basis.
Luxury Suite Lease Owners
Owners of a full season luxury suite at Progressive Auto Sales Arena will receive (1) ticket voucher  per individual suite ticket owned per game missed.  Eligible to redeem said vouchers for any game(s) during the 2020-21 regular season.
Example: If you owned  (8) season tickets per game in your luxury suite you will receive thirty-two  (32) additional flex vouchers that can be redeemed for any game in any quantity during the 2020-21 regular season. (8 tickets x 4 games missed = 32)
More News
Questions? - Click Here & Ask Us!
2 years ago
Ryan Mast
Teachers Life
Academic Spotlight Series: Ryan Mast
3 days ago
Bitsy Army- Auction to Support Brain Tumour Foundation of Canada
4 days ago
2020 Teddy Bear Dropoff at Lambton Ford Santa Claus Parade Locations
1 week ago
The HoneyPot is Open to the Public!
2 weeks ago
Sarnia Sting Holiday Hockey Camp- Waiting List
3 weeks ago
Academic Spotlight Series: Peter Stratis
3 weeks ago