https://saskcycling.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome
/
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Our website address is https://saskcycling.ca/.
What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Saskatchewan Cycling Association is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your visit to our website is secure.
Security of Your Personal Information
To maintain the security of your information, once the information is in our system, it is accessible to authorized Saskatchewan Cycling Association personnel only. We strictly enforce our privacy policies with our members and any breach of this policy will result in termination.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Your personal information will be used in order to provide you with the requested information.We may also use personal information in a manner that does not identify you specifically nor allow you to be contacted but does identify certain criteria about our Site’s users in general (such as we may inform third parties about the number of registered users, number of unique visitors, and the pages most frequently browsed).
Who We Share Your Personal Information With
We will NOT sell or rent your name or personal information to anyone else. We DO NOT sell, rent or provide outside access to our mailing list at all.
Saskatchewan Cycling Association will not release your personal information to authorities unless required by law, search warrant, court order, subpoena, or fraud investigation.
Saskatchewan Cycling Association will share your information with third parties only to the extent necessary to provide the services and products requested by you. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Saskatchewan Cycling Association only saves such personal information that is necessary for you to access and use our services. This personal information includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, address, email address, phone number & your organization. Upon request, we will delete your personal information.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Document Preparation and Privacy Of Information
The information you provide Saskatchewan Cycling Association via our website, or social media is held strictly confidential.
Use of Tracking Pixels and Marketing on Facebook and Google
This site uses Google and Facebook remarketing tools or similar audiences to advertise online. Third party vendors including Google show our ads across the internet and use cookies to serve ads based on your past visits to our website. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting https://support.google.com/ads/answer/. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Upcoming Events
January
07
Membership Meeting & Covid-19 Townhall
January 7, 2021 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm
CST
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89441873535?pwd=dHZpbGhxeVdHeVdWNmhYSDR1dDl5dz09
Canada
View More…
QUICK LINKSHome
Buy a Membership
Contact Us
Online Store
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Social Links
Sask Cycling:
Gasp:
Join our mailing list.Stay up to date with all the latest Sask Cycling news, offers and more! Sign up below to join our email list today. Join our GASP mailing list.Stay up to date with all the latest GASP news and more! Sign up below to join our email list today.
Email *