https://schoolsfootball.org/privacy/about-your-data/general-volunteers/
Skip to content
General Volunteers
Please read this privacy notice carefully to see how the English Schools’ Football Association will treat the personal information that you provide.
This information is collected so that we can effectively and efficiently organise our activities for our members and so is sought under the “legitimate interests” basis outlined in the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) legislation.
Your Data
Why we need it, what we use it for and when we no longer need it
In order to ensure that the Association’s football calendar of activity is delivered, your personal details (including name, postal address, telephone number, email address) are held in the Association’s computer records and in the annual Handbook, and are shared only with those with a legitimate interest in the activities below. This includes Association membership, staff, strategic partners/sponsors and other legitimate recipients of the Association Handbook eg life members.
Data Use
Your information will be used solely for the purpose of planning, organising, administering, celebrating and governing schools’ football and will be made available only to those who need it for this purpose.
Your photographs may be taken for the purposes of formal identification (photo ID) and for publicity purposes, including official photographs for the ESFA website.
Financal Information
We will collect and retain your bank details for the purposes of paying expenses necessarily incurred in the conduct of Association business, and will ensure that our e-security arrangements minimise risks to that information.
Cease to Volunteer
When you cease to volunteer for the Association, we will retain your name in our historic archive but will remove your contact details, unless you expressly ask to be kept in touch with the business of the Association, or unless you continue to feature, with your consent, in a different capacity (eg as a county secretary).
Protected Characteristics
We may also ask you for information regarding your protected characteristics as defined by the Equalities Act.
Any information provided in this regard will be separated from the remainder of your personal details and used only in an anonymised format for statistical monitoring purposes to check the effectiveness of the ESFA’s equality policies. You are not obliged to provide this information but are encouraged to do so if asked.
Third Parties
Your personal information will not be shared with others beyond that described here unless the Association is legally obliged to do so under English law for statutory, legislative or regulatory purposes.
Archive
At the end of each playing season, your data will be retained as part of the Association’s archive. You will also be invited to update your information for the following season. Should any of your details change at any point, or should you wish for your details to be removed, please report via the contact details noted below and the records will be amended accordingly without delay.
Withdraw Consent
You can withdraw your consent for all or any of these data uses at any time after you have given consent, by outlining your preferences in writing.
Using our Website
When you visit our website, we may also collect, process and use information about you and your use of the site (which may not personally identify you), such as the how you arrived at our site.
Such information may be collected through “traffic data” and may involve the use of cookies, IP addresses or other codes. You can block cookies by activating this option in your internet browser.
Our website uses Google Analytics to understand how our customers navigate through our site and what sections they visit.
The ESFA’s statement about cookies can be found at:
www.esfa.co.uk/privacy/?cookie-policy
The website many contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
Accessing your Information
If you wish to access the information we hold about you, you can do so by submitting a subject access request to the Association in writing using the contact details below.
Please mark your correspondence “Subject Access Request” and we will respond within 40 days.
Giving Consent
Without your agreement to the use of your information as described here, the ESFA will be unable to contact you with information relating to fixtures, football regulations, Council decisions, AGM matters and other essential business requirements.
We will also be unable to provide your details to other member colleagues with whom you regularly correspond.
We can no longer assume that you are happy for us to contact you – the law requires you to actively state that this is the case.
The Data Protection Statement in the portal will be the means by which you complete this: be aware that a failure to opt in will result in your contact details, and therefore our ability to communicate with you, removed.
Contact Details
If you have any queries about any aspect of this statement, or wish to notify us of any change in personal details, personal communication preferences or other data uses, then please contact
By email:
The Data Controller
dawn.howard@schoolsfa.com or andrea.chilton@schoolsfa.com
Use “FAO Data Controller” as the email subject title.
By post:
The Data Controller,
English Schools’ Football Association,
4 Parker Court,
Staffordshire Technology Park,
Stafford ST18 0WP
Like this:Like Loading...
Sidebar
Search for:
Instagram
Authors
Sarah K ESFA#MatchReportMonday – The Schools’ Report with ThreeFiveThree Photography – ESFA Under 14 Boys Inter County Trophy Semi Final West Midlands V Merseyside#MatchReportMonday – The Schools’ Report with ThreeFiveThree Photography – ESFA Under 16 Premier League Schools’
Cup for Girls Quarter Final Groby Community College V Maiden Erlegh SchoolOur England U18 Schoolboys’ get the Panini sticker treatment
The English Schools' FAVeo launch Christmas Competition to win a month’s free trialESFA Appoint New England Goalkeeping CoachLatest ESFA Statement regarding the return of Schools’ Football
Contact UsEnglish Schools' FA
4 Parker Court
Staffordshire Technology Park
Stafford
ST18 0WP01785 785970Mon - Fri: 9am - 5pm
Sat - Sun: Closed
Follow us on Twitter!My Tweets
Upcoming Events No upcoming events
%d bloggers like this: