https://scottabelfitness.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
RSS
Contact
Exercise Library
Login
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your data and/or personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://scottabelfitness.com or any of its affiliated domains, including:
learn.scottabelfitness.com
smartersculptedphysique.com
scottabelfitness.samcart.com
Below, these will all collectively be called “the Site.”
What personal info do we collect?
We track a variety of information when you interact with the Site, opt-in to the email list, and/or make a purchase. A breakdown of this information is below:
Pixels & Basic Analytics Tracking
When you visit the Site, like most websites, analytics software automatically collects certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
In plain language: yes, we use cookies, and yes, we use tracking pixels (from Google Analytics, Facebook, and Drip).
You can read more about what cookies are here. We do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. If you want to stay totally anonymous online, please use a VPN and/or an incognito browser window. To better control the personal information that is tracked online, we also suggest checking out apps like Privacy Badger.
Email Marketing
If you choose to “opt in” to our email list, we collect your name and email — or at least, we collect whatever name and email you put into the opt-in box. For our email list, we currently use Drip. Here is Drip's Privacy Policy, which also has information for people who subscribe to other email lists hosted by Drip.
The emails we send you should always contain an unsubscribe link at the very bottom if you no longer wish to receive correspondence from us. You can also contact us if you wish to be removed manually.
Making Purchases
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you for the sake of delivering your purchase.
This information includes your name, billing address, payment information (e.g. credit cards), email address, and phone number.
How do we use this data or personal information?
In the case of the tracking pixels and email address, these are used so that we can see how people are using the site, and to provide slightly more customized marketing (usually called “behavioral advertising“).
For example, if you buy the Hardgainer Solution Complete Course, we try to track that (with a cookies and tracking pixel) so that we don't send you an email saying, “Hey, go buy the Hardgainer Solution Complete Course.” That would be annoying.
Conversely, if you click a link to the Cycle Diet product page, but you don't buy, we might track that, both because this gives us information about conversion rates, and because it might indicate interest in the product.
For the billing and order information we collect when you make a purchase, here is what we do with it:
We use the information to fulfill the order, by emailing you a receipt and your access to the product, and (potentially) setting up an account to the online learning environment where you can watch the videos, and so on.
We use the information to calculate and remit taxes we owe.
We screen our orders for potential risk or fraud. (For example, if you use a credit card from Canada, but your IP address tells us your device is on the other side of the world, that can flag the order as being at risk.)
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use a service called Samcart for our shopping cart and for product delivery. If you buy an ebook, the system delivers a zip file of the book for you. If you buy access to an online course, the system communicates with WordPress and a plugin called Wishlist Member to create an account for you. For taxes, Samcart also communicates with a service called Quaderno to calculate everything and to produce a receipt compliant with various tax laws.
During each purchase, we use Stripe for the actual credit card processing. Basically, after you enter your credit card info and click to submit the order, Samcart sends the payment information to Stripe. If the payment has gone through, Stripe tells Samcart that everything went through okay, and Samcart knows it's safe to send you your digital product.
With all this in mind, you may want to read Samcart's Terms of Service and/or some of their info on GDPR.
Stripe's information on security and PCI Compliance is here, and their Terms of Service are here.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with the third parties above to help us use your Personal Information as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. As above, we use Stripe and Samcart to process orders.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
EU Residents
If you are a European resident, you have specific rights related to your personal information and privacy, per the new GDRP guidelines:
The right to be informed.
The right of access.
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
The right to object.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
Please see this webpage from ico.org.uk for an explanation summary of some of these rights. If you would like your data “rectified” or erased, please contact us here or by email at admin [at] scottabelfitness.com or by regular mail using the details provided below:
Scott Abel Coaching
#27-2155 Horizon Drive
Kelowna West, BC, V1Z 3Z8
Canada
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Other Notes:
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18. Please note that the Site has no way to screen minors or block them.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons (such as the recent GDPR changes, or updates to our business processes).
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at admin [at] scottabelfitness.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Scott Abel Coaching
#27-2155 Horizon Drive
Kelowna West, BC, V1Z 3Z8
Canada
This website uses cookies. Some are basic functionality, some are for marketing. Click the green "Accept" button to consent to all of them, or click "Settings" to opt out of them:
Read More
ACCEPTSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
This is an necessary category.
Analytics
analytics
Performance
performance
Advertisement
advertisement
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Functionality
functionality
Embeds
embeds
Save & Accept