https://shelbournefc.ie/refund-returns-policy/
Return
& Refund Policy
Thanks for shopping at Shelbourne FC. If
you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, we are here to help.
Returns
You have 28 calendar days to return an item
from the date you received it. To be eligible for a return, your item must be
unused and in the same condition that you received it. Your item must be in the
original packaging. Your item needs to have the receipt or proof of purchase.
Please return the item to the address:
Tolka
Park
Richmond
Road
Club
Shop
Dublin
3
Refunds
Once we receive your item, we will inspect
it and notify you that we have received your returned item. We will immediately
notify you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item. If your
return is approved, we will initiate a refund to your original method of
payment. You will receive the credit within 30 days. If you have any further
questions you can contact us.
Shipping
Policy (Ireland)
The Shipment processing time all orders are
processed within 3-5 business days. Orders are not shipped or delivered on
weekends or holidays. If we are experiencing a high volume of orders, shipments
may be delayed by a few days. Please allow additional days in transit for
delivery. If there will be a significant delay in shipment of your order, we
will contact you via email or telephone. The shipping rate is calculated at
checkout, all shipping is flat rate of €5.
Home —
Refund & Returns Policy
Social Media
Powered by Curator.io
Connect with Us
Our Partners
Official Club Sponsor
Offical Club Sponsor
Offical Club Sponsor
Official Club Sponsor
Official Kit Partner
Media Partner
Ticketing partner
League Partners
WNL Team Sponsor
WNL Team Sponsor
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Subscribe To Our Newsletter