http://shenleycc.hitscricket.com/termsandconditions.htm
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to this Hitssports.com website.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully. In using this Hitssports.com
website you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which take effect
immediately on your first use of the Hitssports.com sites. Hitssports.com
reserves the right to change these terms of use at any time and your continued
use of the website following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance
of such change.
These Terms and Conditions apply to all users of Hitssports.com club sites.
These Terms and Conditions are additional to and should be read in conjunction
with the Privacy Policy.
Please note that administrators of club websites are able to access all
personal information for members of their club website. The overall
administrator of the Hitssports.com site is able to access the personal
information of all members. Club administrators are required to abide by the
provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998 (see Privacy Policy). In these terms
'club administrator' means any person, firm, company or unincorporated
association which has been granted rights by the club to access the
administration area of the specified Hitssports.com club website.
Use of Hitssports.com club websites
In consideration of Hitssports.com granting you access to the pages of the
Hitssports.com sites, you agree to be bound by the following terms and
conditions of use:
Your Obligations
You must not use any Hitssports.com website to display or transmit any
defamatory, libellous, racist, abusive, unlawful, offensive, sexually
orientated, threatening, intimidating, false, misleading or obscene material or
post any content which you do not have the right to use, or transmit to the
Hitssports.com website any material containing software viruses or files
designed to damage or disrupt the good working order of any computer or
telecommunications equipment.
You agree that you are wholly responsible for everything that you transmit to
the Hitssports.com website including but not limited to the quality or accuracy
of the information. In the event that data displayed is inaccurate you may
contact support@Hitssports.com in order to communicate the inaccuracies. All
inaccuracies will be corrected within a reasonable period of time from such
notification.
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity whilst using any
Hitssports.com website.
You must not attempt to interfere with the services we provide, or try to gain
unauthorised access to other Hitssports.com sites, computers or networks
connected to or via any Hitssports.com website.
You agree not to use the Hitssports.com sites:
- to create a database (electronic or otherwise) that includes material
downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Hitssports.com sites except where
expressly permitted on the Hitssports.com sites;
- to transmit or re-circulate any material obtained from any Hitssports.com
website to any third party except where expressly permitted by Hitssports.com;
- to use the Hitssports.com sites in such a way that might infringe third party
rights or that might bring Hitssports.com, or the sport into disrepute.
Right to Remove and Restrict Access
Hitssports.com will be entitled at its discretion to remove anything which is
transmitted to, from or via the Hitssports.com sites or posted on the
Hitssports.com sites which in their opinion, does not fulfil these
requirements.
Hitssports.com shall have the right to refuse to allow you access to any part
of the Hitssports.com sites at any time and for any reason without giving you
any advance notice.
Licence
You hereby grant Hitssports.com a royalty free, perpetual,
irrevocable, assignable, non-exclusive right to copy, re-publish and distribute
any materials, data or other information that you submit to the Hitssports.com
sites.
Discussions
As a registered user of a
Hitssports.com club website you will have access to the clubs discussion forum.
You acknowledge that the Forum is not moderated by Hitssports.com, and
Hitssports.com is not responsible for any messages or other material posted in
the Forum. In accessing the Forum you agree that you will not post any
defamatory, libellous, racist, abusive, unlawful, offensive, sexually
orientated, threatening, intimidating, false, misleading or obscene material or
post any content which you do not have the right to use (for whatever reason).
If you reasonably consider that any defamatory, libellous, racist, abusive,
unlawful, offensive, sexually orientated, threatening, intimidating, false,
misleading or obscene material has been posted by any user or any user has
posted material that that user does not have the rights to use, please notify
Hitssports.com at support@Hitssports.com, or contact the relevant club
administrator using the contact form on the club website either of whom will
remove such posting(s) as soon as reasonably practical.
Photographs
If you wish to post a photographs on the Hitssports.com sites, you will obtain
the consent of each of the subjects of such photograph. If you wish to use an
image of anyone under the age of 18, you must obtain the consent of that
person's parent, guardian or carer and, if the person is over 12, the consent
of the individual concerned. In addition, you must not include any personal
information about any person (including but not limited to address, date of
birth and contact details) under the age of 18.
Indemnity
You hereby agree to fully indemnify and keep indemnified Hitssports.com against
all liabilities, claims, actions, proceedings, loss, damage, costs or expenses
suffered or incurred by the Hitssports.com arising out of any breach or
non-performance of all or any of your covenants, representations, obligations,
undertakings or agreements.
Site availability & Information on the Site
We cannot guarantee that you will have uninterrupted access to the your
Hitssports.com website at all times due to certain technical matters which may
be beyond our control.
The information on the Hitssports.com website has been included in good faith
for general informational purposes only. It should not be relied upon for any
specific purpose and no representation or warranty is given as to its accuracy
or completeness save where the information provided forms the basis of a
specific contract with you.
External Links
Any links provided on the site are for your convenience. We do not endorse or
take responsibility for the content of those web sites, are not responsible for
the availability of the web sites and will not be liable in any way for any
loss or damage which you may suffer by using those web sites. If you decide to
access linked web sites you do so at your own risk and we encourage you to read
the privacy statements applicable to each specific site.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law all warranties (express or implied) in
respect of the Hitssports.com sites and the content of and your use of the same
are excluded. Except in the case of death or personal injury caused by our
negligence or any wilful act, to the fullest extent permitted by law we exclude
all liability to you in respect of your use of the Hitssports.com sites. The
conditions of sale will apply to products and services purchased and ordered
via the Hitssports.com sites. These will be drawn to your attention where
applicable.
The Hitssports.com sites may contain material posted by third parties.
Individual users and advertisers are solely responsible for the content of
advertising and other material which they submit to club administrators and for
ensuring that such content complies with all relevant legislation.
Hitssports.com accepts no responsibility for the content of material submitted
by third parties, including, without limitation, any error, omission or
inaccuracy therein.
Whilst effort has been taken to ensure that the Hitssports.com sites are free
from viruses, no warranties are given that they are free from viruses and users
are responsible for ensuring that they have installed adequate virus checking
software. Neither Hitssports.com nor the club administrator shall be liable for
any viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to
interrupt, restrict, destroy, limit the functionality of or compromise the
integrity of the Hitssports.com sites or any hardware on which they are hosted.
Administrators
If you wish to become a club administrator of your clubs website, you
agree to the Terms and Conditions set out in the administrators terms and
conditions.
Variations
These terms may be varied from time to time. Please ensure that you review
these terms regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted all variations if
you continue to use the Hitssports.com sites after a variation has been posted.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes arising under or in
connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts. This site is operated by
Hitssports.com.
Copyright & Trade Marks
The Hitssports.coms sites, their design, text, graphics, illustrations and
images are (unless otherwise stated) copyright of Hitssports.com, its Licensors
or the relevant contributor. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download,
post, broadcast, transmit, adapt or otherwise use any copyright material in any
way except for your own personal non-commercial use.
If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions please do not access and/or
use the site.