https://showpark.com/privacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
This privacy policy has been updated on May 24, 2018, and goes into effect immediately.
Blenheim EquiSports respects your privacy, and we are committed to making your visit to our web site as comfortable and confident as possible.
We’ve made updates to our Privacy Policy as new data protection regulations come into effect in the European Union, and we’re taking the opportunity to make improvements for all our site visitors.
If you have any question regarding our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, or the practices of this site, please contact us at:
Blenheim EquiSports
7668 El Camino Real, Suite 104 – #501
Carlsbad, CA 92009
Phone: (949) 443-1841 | Email
Cookies
“Cookies” may be used by us to provide you with customized information from our website.
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which then may store it on your system. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.
We use cookies so that we can give you a better experience when you return to our website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies.
You do not have to accept cookies, and you should read the information that came with your browser software to see how you can set up your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, this will give you the opportunity to decide whenter to accept it.
For further information about cookies, please visit aboutcookies.org.
Do not track
Please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information above.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you sign up for a class through the site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data retention
When you enter information through the site, we may maintain your Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.