http://siouxsports.com/privacy.php
Visitor tracking
This site tracks user visits.
It records your IP address, web browser type, the location of the link that
led you to the site (if applicable), and a list of the pages from this site that you visit.
This site does
not require any registration or collect personally identifying information such as phone numbers, addresses,
email addresses, or names (see message board exception below).
Advertising Tracking
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email
address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If
you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about
not having this information used by these companies,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Cookies
This site contains a message board which uses cookies to track which messages you have read.
Message Board Registration
Users may read the message board without submitting any personally identifying information.
To post to the
message board, users must register by providing a valid email address.
Users' email addresses are not revealed
to other users.
Users of the message board can send private emails to other registered users via the message
board (this will reveal the email address of the message sender to the recipient).
Children's Privacy
We do not collect or maintain any information from those we know are under 13 and no part of our web site is
designed to specifically attract anyone under 13. Users under 13 should not register for the message board.
Information Usage
We reserve the right to share, sell, or otherwise disseminate the collected information described above to third
parties.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this statement or the policies of the site, please contact
SiouxSports.com Administrator