http://sites.google.com/site/gpbckn/privacy-policy
Search this sitePrivacy PolicyKnutsford Badminton Club (The Club) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, The Club is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way. What personal data we hold on youYou may give us information about you by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register with The Club, contact The Club via our website or email. The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, name of the Badminton England affiliated Clubs with which you are registered and gender (Athletics Data). Why we need your personal dataThe reason we need your Athletics Data is to be able to respond to your communication, administer your membership, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with The Club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal is that we have committed to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for. Reasons we need to process your data include: For competition and league entry

sharing
personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions;
sharing personal data with club team managers to enter events or matches;
sharing personal data with facility providers to manage access to the courts or check delivery standards; and
sharing personal data with leagues, county associations and other competition providers for entry in events and leagues. For funding and reporting purposes
sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority; and
analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends. For membership and club management

processing of membership forms and payments;
sharing data with club members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events; and
publishing of race and competition results Marketing and communications (where separate consent is provided)
sending information about selling club kit, merchandise or fundraising. On occasion we may collect personal data from non-members e.g. such as any non-member who fills in an online contact form. This information will be stored for 4 weeks and then destroyed securely. Our lawful basis for processing data is consent. We will not process this data, it will only be used to respond to your communication. The Club has the following social media pages: WhatsApp. All members are free to join these pages. If you join one of the Social Media pages, please note that provider of the social media platform(s) have their own privacy policies and that the club do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages. Who we share your personal data withWhen you become a member of The Club, you will also automatically be registered as a member of Badminton Association of England Limited (Badminton England). We will provide Badminton England
with your Athletics Data which they will use to enable access to the GoMembership Portal. Badminton England will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your GoMembership Portal. You can set and amend your privacy settings from the GoMembership portal. If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with Badminton England, please contact ea@badmintonengland.co.uk. When you become a member of The Club, you will also automatically be registered with the Crewe and District Badminton League. We will provide Crewe and District Badminton League with your Athletics Data which they will use to record results from league and competition matches and administer the league. You can register and manage your profile on the Crewe and District Badminton League website. If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with Crewe and District Badminton League, please contact Hon. Secretary whose contact details may be found on the website of the Crewe and District Badminton League. The Club does not supply any personal data it holds for this purpose to any other third party. The Club뭩 data processing requires your personal data to be transferred outside of the UK for the purpose of cloud and email hosting.
Where The Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with the appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that personal data. How long we hold your personal dataWe will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. Athletics Data is updated from time to time in response to changing circumstances, at each Annual General Meeting The Club will update Athlete Data. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after one years of inactivity on that member뭩 account. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy. Your rights regarding your personal dataAs a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK뭩 data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner뭩 Office about the processing of your personal data. As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with The Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.Report abuseGoogle SitesReport abuse