https://skerriesgolfclub.ie/members-data-privacy-policy/
Loading...
Members Data Privacy Policy
Introduction
This data privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give to us when you become a member of Skerries Golf Club.
We are committed to ensuring that your personal data is protected and in no circumstances will we release your personal information to any third parties without your prior consent. When you complete an application form to join Skerries Golf club certain personal information is collected from you (for example: your name, email address, gender, golf handicap, type of membership sought, etc.). You can be assured that this information will only be used in accordance with this data privacy statement.
The data we hold on you
We require the following information in order to administer your membership and for the day to day operations of Skerries Golf Club. This information will be held on our systems which are managed by dedicated 3rd party providers for the duration of your membership.
Name
Address
Home Phone number.
Mobile Phone Number.
Email Address.
Date of Birth.
Gender
Occupation
Work Address.
Website Login Details.
Passport Photo
Application Date.
Joining Date.
Resignation Date.
Locker Number.
Family Links
Handicap
Bar and General Account Transactional Information.
Golf Scoring and Handicap
Security CCTV / Videos Surveillance
This information will be held on our systems for the duration of your membership and up to a period of 24 months following the date to which you cease to be a member. To note, we do not record any member bank details or Credit Card Details on our systems at any stage, nor does our website or linked sites collect cookie related data. Refer to the cookie privacy policy on our website for further information.
The purposes for which we use your data
Internal record keeping.
Sending subscription notices to you.
Recording financial transactions regarding your subscription fee.
Contacting you with relevant club correspondence.
Maintaining a record of any competitions you play in.
Maintaining up to date balance of available funds in member account
Maintaining a record of your handicap, golf scores and related GUI Number.
Providing you with a Member’s GUI card for gaining access to the club and discounted bar facilities.
Confirm your handicap to other Golf Clubs if they request confirmation of your handicap for any competitions you have entered with them.
Providing your contact details within the annual club diary and upon receipt of ad-hoc requests received from persons confirmed as being an existing member for the purposes of that person contacting you from time to time.
Children may not provide any personal information (including name, email address, phone number or any other information that others could contact them directly) without verifiable parental consent.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for membership with us without having obtained verifiable parental consent through the application form submitted.
Your rights in relation to your data
Right to be informed – ensures that all members are informed of any personal identifiable information being collected by the club on its members before said data is gathered
Right to erasure – allows members to request personal data concerning him or her to be erased within a month of notification.
Portability – extends members the right to receive personal data in an electronic format or transmit it to another controller (golf club) without hindrance.
Subject access request – provides members with the right to obtain an electronic copy of any information recorded by the club relating to them.
Objection to automated processing (incl. Profiling) – members have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing. Processing is “automated” where it is carried out without human intervention and where it produces legal effects or significantly affects you.
Rectification – members have the right to have personal data rectified where the data held by the club is incomplete or no longer accurate.
The right to withdraw consent – extends members the right to opt out of marketing and non-essential club communications.
We take your privacy seriously and all such information is held on secure servers with the appropriate security software. Skerries Golf Club complies with all applicable Data Protection Regulations. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this policy and will notify you accordingly.
If any members have any questions in relation to this privacy policy, please contact our General Manager.
This policy is effective from 24th May 2018.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to complain to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (ODPC) if you think there is a problem relating to the way your data is being handled.
Scroll to top
We use cookies to improve your user experience. By continuing to browse you accept our cookie policy. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.