https://skidazzle.com/terms-of-service/
Facebook
RSS
Home
Show Reviews
Reviews
Ski Dazzle Reviews
"We attend Ski Dazzle every year and love it!”
R.J. - La Habra
“My kids and I go to Ski Dazzle every year. It's our tradition now and our favorite way to kick off the snow season!”
M.W. - Pasadena
“Ski Dazzle is an event where people who love the snow can come enjoy and dream of the things they are excited to do in the winter. However this event isn't just for snow lovers, it's for people who love going on trips and they showcase so many ideas that people can do. I left inspired and happy after Ski Dazzle. Really excited to come back!“
D.P. - Buena Park
“Ski Dazzle had a big selection of ski and snowboard items and lots of great giveaways.  You can’t lose with the local ski area lift ticket vouchers.  If you’re gonna hit the snow this year, you’ve gotta make it to Ski Dazzle first! “
L.R. - Valencia
“I spent the whole day here. I shopped for snowboarding gear. And was pleased with all the shops, giveaways and events going on.”
L.G. - Ladera Ranch
“I love how there were several people there to help with questions and they were super friendly.”
R.S. - Compton
“Best part of Ski Dazzle was all the sales people…so helpful and knowledgeable in all the gear I wanted. Thanks to them I got the best skis and boots!”
T.W. - Yorba Linda
“Skidazzle is lit, my guy.”
D.R. - Stevenson Ranch
“Great set up.
Shopping around for products was easy to locate and assistance was always available when needed.
I enjoy hopping around the vendor booths to understand and shop for services. “
M.V. - Rancho Cucamonga
“Can’t wait for this year’s Ski Dazzle!
Always find great deals every time! “
M.K. - Ventura
Terms of Service
Terms of Service, Right to Likeness, Refund Policy and Sweepstakes Rules
Welcome to SkiDazzle.com.  Ski Dazzle LLC provides website features to you subject to the following conditions of use.  Please read these conditions of use before using the Ski Dazzle LLC website (this “Site”).  By using this Site, you signify your agreement to these conditions of use.  If you do not agree to these conditions of use, please do not use this Site.  Ski Dazzle LLC reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove any content or materials on this Site, including portions of these conditions of use, at any time.  Any changes, modifications additions or deletions to this Site, including these conditions of use, apply as soon as they are posted on this Site.  Your continued use of this Site following any changes to these conditions of use will signify that you accept and agreed to the changes.
Privacy Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to SkiDazzle.com, to understand our practices.
Use of Name and Photographs in Advertising and Promotional Materials By attending a Ski Dazzle LLC Show, exhibitor, attendee, ticket holder and their guest, hereby consents to the photographing and videotaping of you and any minor children accompanying you by Ski Dazzle LLC, its agents and the media. You grant the right to the use of your name and images, and the name(s) and images of any minor children accompanying you taken before, during or after any Ski Dazzle LLC Show, in advertising and promotional materials for the Show, including but not limited to the Internet, without compensation. You agree that no advertising or other material need be submitted to you for approval. You agree that all photos of you or any minor children accompanying you used by Ski Dazzle LLC and its agents are owned by Ski Dazzle LLC and they may copyright material containing same. You hereby release, discharge, and agree to save harmless Ski Dazzle LLC from any liability, including, without limitation, any claims for libel or invasion of publicity/privacy, by virtue of any use of your name and/or photos, and the name(s) and/or photos of any minors accompanying you including, any alteration of such photos, whether intentional or otherwise.
Admission Ticket Refunds  All admission ticket purchases are non-refundable. Ski Dazzle LLC events are held on a “rain or shine” basis. Cancellation of the events not reasonably within the control of Ski Dazzle LLC include without limitation: zombie apocalypse; fires, casualty, flood, epidemic, explosion or accident; terrorism; blockage; embargo; inclement weather; governmental restraints or orders of civil defense or military authorities; act of public enemy; riot or civil disturbance, strike, lockout, boycott or other labor disturbance; condemnation; local state or Federal law; ordinances, rule, order, decree or regulation, whether legislative, executive or judicial, and whether constitutional or unconstitutional; or Acts of God.
Product Purchased in Sale and Swap Area  All Product Sales are subject to stock on hand and are Final – no refunds. Sales made by Ski Dazzle LLC in its sale area are made on an “as is” basis.  If a customer purchases skis, snowboards, bindings or boots, Ski Dazzle LLC strongly recommends the customer take their purchase to a qualified retailer or repair shop for examination prior to customer use.  Contests of Sweepstakes Disclaimer The following refers to Ski Dazzle LLC Contests or Sweepstakes offered on this Site (“Contests or Sweepstakes”).
How To enter:  To enter a Contest or Sweepstakes, complete the electronic entry form during current Contest or Sweepstakes Periods (“Sweepstakes Period”).
The Odds of Winning: The odds of winning are based on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period.
Random Drawing:  Contest or Sweepstake winners will be selected in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received. Winner will be notified by email.
Purchase:  Contest or Sweepstakes do not require a purchase.  Current Contests or Sweepstakes respective details and eligibility can be found elsewhere in this Site.
Claiming Prize: Winner has seventy-two (72) hours to claim their prize via email response to our email notification. Failure to respond to our email notification within 72 hours will result in forfeiture of the prize and an alternate winner will be selected via random drawing. If a prize is refused, a prize notification is returned or deemed undeliverable, or the potential winner is disqualified for any reason, an alternate winner will be selected via random drawing. Prize may not be transferred or assigned.
Privacy and Likeness: Ski Dazzle LLC and/or affiliated prize Sponsors collect personal data about entrants in accordance with its Privacy Policy. By participating in the Contest or Sweepstakes, you hereby agree to Ski Dazzle LLC and/or affiliated prize Sponsor’s collection and usage of your personal information and likeness and acknowledge that you have read and accepted Ski Dazzle LLC’s Privacy Policy (link also located at the bottom of each website page) and the Use of Name and Photographs in Advertising and Promotional Materials above on this page.
General Release / Limitation of Liability:  By participating in a Contest or Sweepstakes, entrants agree to release, hold harmless, and agree not to institute any claim against Ski Dazzle LLC and/or affiliated prize Sponsors (“Released Parties”) from any and all liability whatsoever for any injuries, losses or damages of any kind arising from or in connection with, either directly or indirectly:
1) the awarding, acceptance, receipt, possession, use and/or misuse of any prize awarded herein; and/or
2) participation in the Contest or Sweepstakes or any prize related activities.  Released Parties are not responsible for technical, hardware, software, telephone or other communications malfunctions, errors or failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, website, Internet, or ISP availability, unauthorized human intervention, incomplete or inaccurate capture of entry information (regardless of cause) or failed, incomplete, jumbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit one’s ability to enter the Contest or Sweepstakes, including any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer relating to or resulting from participating in the Contest or Sweepstakes or downloading any materials in the Contest or Sweepstakes.  Under no circumstances will entrants be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrants hereby waive all rights to claim punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys’ fees, and entrants further waive all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.  If, for any reason, the Contest or Sweepstakes is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention or hacking, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of Ski Dazzle LLC and/or affiliated prize Sponsor, “Released Parties” reserve the right at their sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Contest or Sweepstakes and select winners form among all eligible entries prior to the cancellation. Persons found tampering with or abusing any aspect of the Contest or Sweepstakes, or whom Ski Dazzle LLC and/or affiliated prize Sponsor believes to be causing malfunction, error or disruption or damage will be disqualified. Ski Dazzle LLC and/or affiliated prize Sponsor reserves the right to correct any typographical, printing, computer programming or operator errors.
Ownership  All of the content included on this Site (including, without limitation, all text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, photographs, illustrations, data compilations, software and the Site design) is the intellectual property of Ski Dazzle LLC and/or its content suppliers and is protected by copyright, trademark and/or patent under United States and/or foreign laws.  Except as provided in these conditions of use, you agree not to use or display Ski Dazzle intellectual property at any time or in any manner without the express prior written consent of Ski Dazzle LLC.
License and Site Access  Ski Dazzle grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site, and not to download or modify it, or any portion of it except with the express written consent of Ski Dazzle LLC.  This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Site or its contents.  This Site may be used only for lawful personal, noncommercial purposes, including viewing the Site; purchasing services or products we may offer from time to time; providing information to this Site; and downloading information or images for personal use or for use by journalists to cover Ski Dazzle LLC Events.  It is a condition of your access to and/or use of this Site that you do not:
use this Site for commercial purposes of any kind or nature;
post or distribute any software, content or other material that infringes and/or violates any intellectual property and/or other right of Ski Dazzle LLC or any third-party;
engage in any conduct that would violate any law, rule and/or regulation;
use this Site in a manner that violates the Site Privacy Policy;
post or transmit any content or materials that are false, unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, objectionable, profane or contain indecent information of any kind;
interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation and/or function of this Site and/or Ski Dazzle LLC’s networks and/or network security, or use or attempt to use this Site to access to any other computer system; or
post or transmit any software, content or other materials that contains a virus or other harmful element.
Links from this Site Ski Dazzle LLC expressly disclaims any liability for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that may link to or from this Site or to which you may be otherwise directed by this Site.  Links are included solely for your convenience.  Ski Dazzle LLC does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any merchandise or services obtained on any third-party site.
General  These conditions of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.  Any dispute arising under these conditions of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the appropriate federal or state court sitting in the State of California.
If any provision of these conditions of use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
The failure of Ski Dazzle LLC to enforce any right or provision of these conditions of use at a particular time or in a particular instance shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision at any future time or under any other or identical or similar condition.
This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and it shall not be modified except in writing as agreed by both
Contact
You may contact Ski Dazzle LLC by sending an email to info@skidazzle.com or a letter to P.O. Box 1839, Laguna Beach, CA 92652-1839.
Updated 2-15-2020
Thank You to Our Event Sponsors!
And To Our Lift Ticket Sponsors!
Ski Dazzle® produces the United States' largest Ski and Snowboard shows!