https://skidazzle.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
RSS
Home
Show Reviews
Reviews
Ski Dazzle Reviews
"We attend Ski Dazzle every year and love it!”
R.J. - La Habra
“My kids and I go to Ski Dazzle every year. It's our tradition now and our favorite way to kick off the snow season!”
M.W. - Pasadena
“Ski Dazzle is an event where people who love the snow can come enjoy and dream of the things they are excited to do in the winter. However this event isn't just for snow lovers, it's for people who love going on trips and they showcase so many ideas that people can do. I left inspired and happy after Ski Dazzle. Really excited to come back!“
D.P. - Buena Park
“Ski Dazzle had a big selection of ski and snowboard items and lots of great giveaways.  You can’t lose with the local ski area lift ticket vouchers.  If you’re gonna hit the snow this year, you’ve gotta make it to Ski Dazzle first! “
L.R. - Valencia
“I spent the whole day here. I shopped for snowboarding gear. And was pleased with all the shops, giveaways and events going on.”
L.G. - Ladera Ranch
“I love how there were several people there to help with questions and they were super friendly.”
R.S. - Compton
“Best part of Ski Dazzle was all the sales people…so helpful and knowledgeable in all the gear I wanted. Thanks to them I got the best skis and boots!”
T.W. - Yorba Linda
“Skidazzle is lit, my guy.”
D.R. - Stevenson Ranch
“Great set up.
Shopping around for products was easy to locate and assistance was always available when needed.
I enjoy hopping around the vendor booths to understand and shop for services. “
M.V. - Rancho Cucamonga
“Can’t wait for this year’s Ski Dazzle!
Always find great deals every time! “
M.K. - Ventura
Privacy Policy
SKI DAZZLE LLC Online Privacy Notice
Thank you for visiting SkiDazzle.com (this “Site”), owned by SKI DAZZLE LLC.  Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this Site.  We appreciate your trust that we will use your information carefully and responsibly. The information we learn from visitors to www.SkiDazzle.com helps us make this Site more valuable to you.
Children’s Privacy  We do not knowingly collect information from children thirteen (13) years of age or younger. If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, we ask that you not use any of the services we offer and do not provide or disclose any personal information to us, including your name, address or e-mail address.  If you are a minor under the age of 13 years, please do not use this Site without the approval and supervision of your parents or legal guardian(s).  We support the guidelines and regulatory requirements provided in the 1999 Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, updated in 2012. (COPPA): http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/coppafaqs.shtm
Accepting the Privacy Policy We need to process your personal information to run our business and provide you with services offered by our site.  By accepting our Terms of Use, you are confirming that you have read and understand this policy including how and why we use your information.  If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this policy, you shouldn’t use the services we provide.  We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites, or third-party apps.
By using the services we offer, you acknowledge that Ski Dazzle LLC will use your information in the United States of America and any other country where Ski Dazzle LLC operates.  Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside.
The information we collect  At this Site, you can request a coupon, purchase items we offer for sale in our Online Store, purchase a ticket for admission to our Shows, register for booth space at one of our Shows, submit names for staff credentials for one of our Shows, or subscribe to our email list to receive info on upcoming Shows from our newsletters. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, postal address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information and other personal information.  You always have the option not to provide personally identifiable information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature of this Site.
We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit this Site including, but not limited to, IP address, browser type, operating system, statistics on page views, and referral URLs. This allows us to make our website work best for all of the people who visit.  Information is also collected via the use of cookies – see our Cookies and Online Advertising section below for more details.
How we use the Information  We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when tickets for our Shows are on sale, exhibitor registration is open, when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, when we have added or deleted items in our online store, to fulfill a request by you for our online newsletter or emails, or to reply to your question or request for information.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request. We may transfer your personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
Agents and contractors of Ski Dazzle LLC who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Ski Dazzle LLC.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Choice/Opting Out The Site covered by this Privacy Policy will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses. Examples of this information include your email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, your age, personal preferences, etc. If you somehow receive something from SKI DAZZLE LLC that you believe was unsolicited, simply notify us at info@SkiDazzle.com to remove your name from the list.
Links to Other Sites Sometimes our Site contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
For instance, if you purchase tickets to one of our Shows, you will be directed to a third-party vendor who may require you to provide personally identifiable information to complete the purchase.  That third-party vendor will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you, such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact, billing and postal address information. They will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested. If you visit a website that is linked to our Site to purchase products or services, or for any other reason, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
Cookies and Online Advertising Like many websites, this Site uses “cookies,” which are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device, which allow this Site to recognize a particular device or browser. Cookies automatically identify your web browser to this Site whenever you visit, and make using this Site easier for you by saving your passwords and preferences.  We also use cookies to remember what you have done on this Site in order to improve your browsing experience and target more relevant advertising to you, referred to as “Interest-Based Advertising”
We want to share with you a little more about Interest-Based Advertising so you better understand what it is, why we use it and your choices regarding it.  As you browse this Site, Google, AdRoll and other third party advertising vendors may place advertising cookies on your computer or mobile device so that we can better understand your interests.  These advertising cookies enable us to present you with retargeting and other interest-based advertising on websites across the Internet based on your previous interaction with this Site.  The techniques our third party vendors employ do NOT collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
If you choose to use this Site without blocking or disabling cookies, you agree to our use of these cookies.  If you do not agree to the use of these cookies, then you can block or disable them using your browser settings or you may opt out of such targeted advertising by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Limitation of Liability  By providing us with any personal information you expressly and unconditionally release and hold harmless Ski Dazzle LLC and any of its Shows, owners, directors, officers, employees, agents and other representatives from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected personal information to the maximum extent permitted by law. We are not liable for any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected personal information by third-party services providers or us we use.  We are not liable for any damages including:  Damages intended to compensate someone directly for a loss or injury; Damages reasonably expected to result from a loss or injury (legally known as “Consequential Damages”); Other miscellaneous damages and expenses resulting from a loss or injury (legally known as “Incidental Damages”; However, in any event, our liability to you for all losses, damages, injuries and claims of any and every kind (whether those damages are claimed under terms of a contract, or claimed to be caused by negligence or other wrongful conduct, or they are claimed under any other legal theory) will not be greater than the amount you paid, if anything, to access our Site.
Notification of Changes and Acceptance of the Privacy Policy  By using this Site, you assent to the terms of our privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy then you should not use this Site. We may modify, amend or otherwise change this privacy policy from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after changes have been made to this privacy policy shall constitute your assent to the revised privacy policies.
How to contact us  If you have any questions or concerns about SKI DAZZLE LLC’s Online Privacy Policy for this Site or its implementation, you may contact us at: info@skidazzle.com.
Updated 2-15-2020
Thank You to Our Event Sponsors!
And To Our Lift Ticket Sponsors!
Ski Dazzle® produces the United States' largest Ski and Snowboard shows!