https://skifrenchswiss.com/privacy-policy
Lessons
Children's Programs
First Time Guide
FAQ
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Our website address is: https://skifrenchswiss.com/. This website is owned by French Swiss Ski College.
Short Version:
Your personal data is only collected by this website if you choose to fill in any forms on this website.
The contact form on this website is connected to Gmail accounts, so if you complete it, your data will be shared with Gmail email services.
You can read Gmail’s Privacy Policy in full here: policies.google.com/privacy
Any other data collected about you is only available to the end user (the owner of this website) in an anonymised form, for example, as visitor stats.
No data from this website is downloaded by the owner of the site and stored outside of the cloud services mentioned above.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the website’s owner through our contact page.
Detailed Version:
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
The contact form on this website is connected to Gmail accounts, so if you complete it, your data will be shared with Gmail email services.
You can read Gmail’s Privacy Policy in full here: policies.google.com/privacy
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
This website uses Google Analytics to collect data about demographics of the people who access this website. If you do not want your information collected, Google provides you with a browser addon, which you can download here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout