https://skiwolfridgenc.com/the-mountain/safety-drone-policies
Skip to content
Menu
Close
Snow Report
Updated:December 1, 2020
Base Depth:10-18"
Slopes Open:0
Lifts Open:0
Snowmaking:YES
Full Report
BOOK NOW
Safety & Drone Policy
Slope SafetyWe want everyone to have a great time while visiting Wolf Ridge Ski Resort. However, your safety is our paramount concern. To that end, please review the information below so you can enjoy your time here in a safe and responsible manner.Wolf Ridge Ski Patrol – The Wolf Ridge Ski Patrol is made up of over 80 paid and volunteer members serving the skiing public at Wolf Ridge Ski Resort. They are charged with assisting you, our customers, to stay safe on the slopes. If you have any questions about safety, they are always happy to help. Also, if for any reason, you should need medical attention, find the nearest Ski Patrol member or visit the Ski Patrol building, located between the double chair lift and the ski lodge.Going Out Of Bounds (aka “Poaching”) – At any given time, there can be several areas of the property that are marked out of bounds. Typically, these are areas that are not valid trails or trails that are not open. The Wolf Ridge Ski Patrol carefully considers the condition of each of our slopes on a daily basis and, if they deem it necessary to close one, it is for very good reasons. Closed trails and areas unsuitable for skiing/boarding are clearly marked and the boundaries should never be crossed. Doing so will result in the revocation of your area pass.Lift Etiquette – The lifts at Wolf Ridge are a very safe method of moving people up the mountain. However, the ultimate safety device is you. The following are guidelines to keep you and your fellow skiers safe on the lifts:Loose items or clothing – Be sure to secure any loose items or clothing before getting on the lift. These can get tangled around the chair and cause you to fall or be injured when disembarking from the lift.Getting on the chair lift – The lift is in constant motion. It is important that you pay attention as you approach the lift for your turn to load. Once the chair in front of you has moved away, quickly move up to the line, grasp your poles in your inside hand, look over your outside shoulder and sit down once the chair is behind your knees.Safety bar – Once the chair has moved away from the ground, lower the safety bar. This is for your protection as well as those in the chair with you. If the chair stops quickly or begins to bounce, it is possible for you to lose your balance and fall from the chair, resulting in severe injury. NO, it is not “cool” to ride the lift without the safety bar down.Bouncing the chair – Swinging your legs or making other actions that causes the chair to “bounce” up and down is extremely dangerous behavior. Should your chair or one of those around you not have the safety bar in the down position, it could cause someone to lose their balance and fall from the chair. It is also possible that the cable supporting the chairs could be dislodged from its supports causing a “derail” resulting in damage to the lift equipment that could cause serious injuries to multiple people on the lift.Knocking the snow off your skis / snowboard – Please do not knock your skis together or kick at your snowboard while on the lift. This can cause the bindings to release and your equipment to fall off. If this occurs over one of the slopes, the equipment can strike another guest, causing severe injury.Getting off the lift – Please remember that the lift is constantly moving. When you disembark from the lift, please move quickly and safely out of the way of others that are coming behind you. Failure to do so can result in injury to yourself and others.Proper Dress and Safety Gear – Obviously, skiing and snowboarding are cold-weather sports. As such, it is very important to wear warm clothing and stay dry as much as possible. We recommend dressing in layers with waterproof outer wear (jackets, ski pants or bibs and gloves). Helmets are also recommended for new skiers and all snowboarders. If you do not have everything you need, ski bibs and helmets are available for rental at the Ticket Booth. Goggles, head-wear and face masks are available for sale in the Ski Shop.Your Responsibility Code:Skiing/snowboarding can be enjoyed in many ways. At ski areas you may see people using alpine, snowboard, telemark, cross country or other specialized equipment, such as that used by disabled or other skiers/snowboarders. Regardless of how you decide to enjoy the slopes, always show courtesy to others and be aware that there are elements of risk in skiing/snowboarding that common sense and personal awareness can help reduce. Observe the code listed below and share with other skiers/snowboarders the responsibility for an overall great experience.Always stay in control, and be able to stop or avoid other people or objects.People ahead of you have the right of way. It is your responsibility to avoid them.You must not stop where you obstruct a trail, or are not visible from above.Whenever starting downhill or merging into a trail, look uphill and yield to others.Always use devices to help prevent runaway equipment.Observe all posted signs and warnings. Keep off closed trails and out of closed areas.Prior to using any lift, you must have the knowledge and ability to load, ride and unload safely.
KNOW THE CODE. IT’S YOUR RESPONSIBILITY.This is a partial list. Be safety conscious.Officially endorsed by the National Ski Areas AssociationFrom the North Carolina Ski Areas Association:North Carolina’s Skier Safety ActA skier and / or passenger shall have the following responsibilities:To know the range of the skier’s abilities to negotiate any ski slope or trail and to ski within the limits of such ability;To maintain control of the skier’s speed and course at all times when skiing and to avoid other skiers and obvious hazards and inherent risks including variations in terrain, snow, or ice conditions, bare spots and rocks, trees and other forms of forest growth or forest debris;To stay clear of snow grooming equipment, all vehicles, pole lines, lift towers, signs, snow making equipment, and any other equipment on the ski slopes and trails;To heed all posted information and other warnings and to refrain from acting in a manner which may cause or contribute to the injury of the skier or others;To wear retention straps, ski brakes, or other devices to prevent runaway skis or snowboards;Before beginning to ski from a stationary position or before entering a ski slope or trail from the side, to avoid moving skiers already on the ski slope or trail;To not move uphill on any passengers tramway or use any ski slope or trail while such person’s ability to do so is impaired by the consumption of alcohol or by the use of any narcotic or other drug or while such person is under the influence of alcohol or any narcotic or any drug;If involved in a collision with another skier or person, to not leave the vicinity of the collision before giving his name & current address to an employee of the ski area operator, a member of the ski patrol, or the other skier or person with whom the skier collided, except in those cases when medical treatment is required; in which case, said information shall be provided as soon as practical after the medical treatment has been obtained. If the other person involved in the collision is unknown, the skier shall leave the personal; identification required by this sub-section with the ski area operator;Not to embark upon or disembark from a passenger tramway except at an area that is designated for such purpose;Not to throw or expel any object from a passenger tramway;Not to perform any action that interferes with the operation or running of a passenger tramway;Not to use such tramway unless the skier has the ability to use it with reasonable safety;Not to engage willfully or negligently in any type conduct that contributes to or causes injury to another person or his properties;Not to embark upon a passenger tramway without the authority of the ski area operator;If using freestyle terrain, to know the range of the skier’s abilities to negotiate the terrain and to avoid conditions and obstacles beyond the limits of such ability that a visible inspection should have revealed.Wolf Ridge Ski Resort reserves the right to revoke pass privileges for anyone engaging in reckless or dangerous behavior.
Drone Policy Due to safety and privacy concerns, Wolf Ridge Ski Resort prohibits the operation or use on or above Resort porperty of unmanned aerial systems, or drones, by the general public; including recreational users and hobbyists, without the prior written authorization from Wolf Ridge Ski Resort.  This prohibition includes drones used for filming or videotaping, as well as any drone use by media or journalists operating above or within Wolf Ridge Ski Resort boundaries. This prohibition extends to any device launched or operated from Ski Resort property, as well as drones launched from private property outside of the Ski Resort boundaries.  Any authorized operation of aerial drones may be governed by Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) rules and regulations, local law enforcement as well as those policies separately established by Wolf Ridge Ski Resort, which may include certification, training, insurance coverage, indemnification requirements, and waivers and releases of liability.Any violation of this policy may involve suspension of your access privileges, or the revocation of your season pass, as well as confiscation of any drone equipment, and may subject violators to any damages, including, but not limited to, damages for violations of privacy and/or physical or personal injuries or property damage, as well as regulatory fines and legal fess.
Trail Signage:Know the signs of the international trail marking system. They explain the degree of difficulty for each trailCautionEasiestMore DifficultExpert Freestyle TerrainFor great information regarding children and the use of helmets, please visit: