https://soccercampsinternational.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home England CampsArsenal Football Development(9-17 Boys, 10-16 Girls, London) Liverpool FC Residential Camps(10-17 Boys, 12-17 Girls, Liverpool) Chelsea FC Foundation Soccer Schools(9-17 Boys, 12-17 Girls, London) Nike Football Camps UK(8-15, Boys, Brighton) Manchester City Football Performance(9-17 Boys, 9-17 Girls, Manchester) Manchester City Football Language(9-17 Boys, 14-17 Girls, Manchester) West Ham Soccer Academy(10-17 Boys, 10-17 Girls, London)
Spain CampsBarça Academy Clinic (FC Barcelona)(11-16, Boys, Girls, Barcelona) Atlético de Madrid Camps(11-17, Boys, Madrid) Fundación Real Madrid Campus Experience(7-17, Boys, Madrid) Spain Federation National Team International Soccer Camp Madrid(10-17, Boys, Madrid)
Italy CampsAC Milan Junior Camps(8-16, Boys, Venice Region) Juventus Summer Camps(8-17 Boys, 8-17 Girls, Turin Region)
France CampsParis Saint Germain Academy Camp(8-17, Boys, Paris) Bordeaux Cap Girondins(7-16 Boys, 8-15 Girls, Bordeaux)
Portugal CampsBenfica Elite Training Camps(13-18 Boys, 13-18 Girls, Lisbon)
Register Here Now!
Welcome to Soccer Camps International
Europe Best & Most Popular
Official Elite Clubs Youth Soccer Camps, Soccer Schools & Soccer Academies in England, Spain, Italy, Portugal & France.
Welcome to Soccer Camps International
Europe Best & Most Popular
Official Elite Clubs Youth Soccer Camps, Soccer Schools & Soccer Academies in England, Spain, Italy, Portugal & France.
SOCCER CAMPS INTERNATIONAL – PRIVACY POLICY; GDPR and CCPA STATEMENTs
Effective Date January 1, 2020
Soccer Camps International (“SCI”, “we” or “us”) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and that there is transparency with regard to the processing of your information. In line with the applicable data protection laws and regulations, including the European General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”), this Privacy Policy; GDPR and CCPA Statements (the “Policy”) describes the information we may collect, how we may collect and use it, with whom we may share it, and certain other privacy issues, including the precautions we take to protect your privacy.
Before submitting any information to SCI, you represent and warrant that you have read, understood and agreed to the SCI Terms of which this Policy is a part. BY VISITING THIS WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS SET OUT HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT VISIT OR USE THIS WEBSITE. If required by applicable law, we will seek your explicit consent to process your personal information collected on this website or volunteered by you.
Type of information collected; Purpose. We collect information, including personal information and details, of our customers (former, potential and current), customers’ parents/guardians, if applicable, and website visitors when they register on our website or fill out an on-line form, including for example, when they sign up to receive our newsletter. Such information includes but is not limited to your name, telephone number, email address, date of birth or age, IP or physical address, gender, credit card and other information for services, photographs and other information you choose to provide. The information provided is used to enroll the child in the selected soccer camp; to provide information about camps including the selected camp; and through a third party company, process the payment of related fees. We do not sell your personal information to third parties for their own purposes.
Updating information or opting out. If the information you provide changes, or if you no longer desire to access our Site, you may correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us by making changes to your profile, by using an opt out message in an email, or by emailing the Site at contact information with your request. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Site, you can contact us at contact information or at: Soccer Camps International, 3790 El Camino Real, PMB 2018, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. Further, you can require us at any time to delete the information we hold on you via the same contact method. Once we verify your identity we will promptly process your request. Please note that this Policy applies to information collected on our Site; thru the registration process; and through our use of Google analytics and Bing.
Grant of Permission to Transfer Information. By purchasing our services and registering for the soccer camp that you select (the “Camp”), you are granting SCI permission to perform the services as requested by you including to keep and forward the provided personal information to the Camp. If you do not agree to such, do not furnish such to SCI. Additionally, if you have signed up for the newsletter or if you have submitted a completed registration form to us with payment for a Camp we will include you on our mailing list. SCI will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. When a user’s account is terminated or expired, all personal information collected through the platform will be deleted, as required by applicable law. Additionally, you can opt out of this communication permanently at any time by contacting SCI as herein above.
Third party websites. Our website may contain links to other websites. Once you have used a link to leave our site, we have no control over that other website and how they may or may not guard your personal information. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Security; Transfer of information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable and reasonable precautions. SCI operates globally and may therefore transfer your personal information to other countries including countries other than your country of residence. Your personal information may also be stored on our servers located outside your country of residence. However, we will continue to protect your information in accordance with this Policy. By providing us your personal information, you expressly agree to such transfers, processing and/or storage anywhere in the world, including the United States. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while SCI strives to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to SCI and you are sharing your information with us at your own risk.
For parents.  The Site is a general audience site which strives to collect information related to children in compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, “COPPA” (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) including without limitation, obtaining necessary parental consents. We do not intend to collect any information from or about children under the age of sixteen (16), unless the information is collected from a parent or guardian. While we cannot stop a child from accessing the Site, we make it clear that the person providing the information must be at least 16 years old. To register for a Camp, parents or guardians will be required to enter certain personal information about themselves and their children. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us personal information which you would like to review or request be deleted, or you have questions about our Sites collecting information from children, please contact us immediately.
Cookies. As with many websites, our Site uses standard technology called “cookies,” which are small text/data files stored or transferred on computer hard drives regularly used to analyze individual website activity. SCI uses cookies of its own and of third parties to collect information about visits to and use of our Site. Currently, SCI utilizes Google analytics and Bing to help us to improve the way our website works. By browsing or using our Site, you consent to the collection and use we make of cookies.  If you prefer not to have cookies, you can set your browser (such as Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Safari, etc.) to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning such off in your browser. If you have set your browser to not allow cookies, you will still be able to access the website; however, this may affect your full usability of this website. By using our Site, you are expressly agreeing to this Policy and you consent to the use of cookies by us as described above.
Miscellaneous. The Site, Soccer Camps International and/or Internet Sports Travel may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, your personally identifiable information, which we have gathered, may be one of the business assets transferred. If you are unable to resolve your concerns by contacting us, you may contact your relevant government data protection authority. We may also disclose your personal information: if we believe that doing so is required by law, court order or legal process; under the discovery process in litigation; to enforce our legal rights, policies or contracts; to collect amounts owed to SCI; when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or if in good faith we believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable necessary. We reserve the right to change our Policy and encourage you to check back.
GENERAL INFORMATION Register Here Now!
2021 Soccer Camp List
Goalkeeper Soccer Camps
Girls Soccer Camps
Soccer Day Camps
Language Soccer Camps
Testimonials
General Camp Questions (FAQ)?
Camp Insurance Option
Blog
About Us
Site Map
Contact Us
SOCCER CAMPS LISTEngland Camps
Arsenal Football Development (9-17 Boys, 10-16 Girls, London)
Liverpool FC Residential Camps (10-17 Boys, 12-17 Girls, Liverpool)
Chelsea FC Foundation Soccer Schools (9-17 Boys, 12-17 Girls, London)
Nike Football Camps UK (8-15, Boys, Brighton)
Manchester City Football Performance (9-17 Boys, 9-17 Girls, Manchester)
Manchester City Football Language (9-17 Boys, 14-17 Girls, Manchester)
West Ham Soccer Academy (10-17 Boys, 10-17 Girls, London)
Spain Camps
Barça Academy Clinic (FC Barcelona) (11-16, Boys, Girls, Barcelona)
Atlético de Madrid Camps (11-17, Boys, Madrid)
Fundación Real Madrid Campus Experience (7-17, Boys, Madrid)
Spain Federation National Team International Soccer Camp (10-17, Boys, Madrid)
Italy Camps
AC Milan Junior Camps (8-16, Boys, Venice Region)
Juventus Summer Camps (8-17 Boys, 8-17 Girls, Turin Region)
France Camps
Paris Saint Germain Academy Camp (8-17, Boys, Paris)
Bordeaux Cap Girondins (7-16 Boys, 8-15 Girls, Bordeaux)
Portugal Camps
Benfica Elite Training Camps (13-18 Boys, 13-18 Girls, Lisbon)
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP! Sign up for Soccer Camps International Newsletter to Receive 2021 Soccer Camps Updates. By providing your email address you authorize us to contact you.
Email
FOLLOW US!The best and most popular Official European Clubs Soccer Camps and Soccer Schools in England, Spain, Italy, Portugal and France.Find us on:Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new window
.
Go to Top
Our website uses cookies and other similar technologies to improve our site and your online experience. By continuing to use our website you consent to cookies being used. See our Privacy Policy to find out more.OKRead more