http://soccertsa.com/about/private-policy/
+770-925-4404
atlantaeagles3@gmail.com
Eagles Soccer Academy
Toggle navigation
Home
Adult Soccer Leagues info
Academy/Select Soccer
Soccer School
Soccer Schedules
About
Private Policy
Contact us!
Private Policy
Home   /  About Private Policy
1May
0
Private Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Atlanta Eagles Sports Center and Eagles Soccer Academy collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.AtlantaEagles.com and http://www.EaglesSoccerAcademy.com websites (“Sites”).Personal
Identification InformationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
To run and operate our Site We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.Atlanta Eagles Sports Center and Eagles Soccer Academy may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our SiteWe may need your information display content on the Site correctly.To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Changes to this privacy policy
Atlanta Eagles Sports Center and Eagles Soccer Academy has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on May 16, 2017
atlantaeagles21
Archives
Categories
No categories
Copyright @ 2019 - Atlanta Eagles Sports Center. Designed by Eagles