https://soccerstarsuk.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Call: 01332 368000 Email: footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk
HomeCoursesAfter School ClubsTiny TotsSkills CentresSport Stars UKHoliday CoursesAdvanced Holiday CoursesSSE FA WildcatsDerby County Academy Development CentresFAQsAbout UsAbout UsMeet The TeamPartnersAre you a school?Job OpportunitiesMediaAfter School Club GalleryLatest NewsContact UsCOVID-19ShopSport Stars UK01332 368000footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This policy outlines what we collect, how we use it and the safeguards we put in place to protect it.
Contact us at footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk if you have any concerns or wish to request access to the data we hold on you.
This Privacy Policy is reviewed on a regular basis and was last reviewed in March 2019. We will post the most current version on our website, we recommend you check this page regularly to keep up to date.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of our site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our site immediately.
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our site;
“Cookie” means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our site when you visit certain parts of our site and/or when you use certain features of our site. Details of the Cookies used by our site are set out in in this document;
“Cookie Law” means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
“personal data” means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via our site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and
“We” or “Us” or “Our” means SoccerstarsUK, a limited company registered in England, whose registered address is 3 New Park Place, Pride Park, Derby DE24 8DZ.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
Our Site is owned and operated by SoccerstarsUK, a limited company registered in England, whose registered address is 3 New Park Place, Pride Park, Derby DE24 8DZ
WHAT DOES THIS POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data We hold about you;
The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete;;
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained in below but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in);
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided in this document and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data;
name;
business/company name
job title;
profession;
contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests;
IP address;
web browser type and version;
operating system;
a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to;
HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA?
All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times. For more details on security see below.
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
Supplying Our products and services to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
Replying to emails from you;
Supplying you with emails that you have opted into you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time via the following methods
Emailing footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk with your request to opt out or selecting the unsubscribe option on the emails we send;
Market research;
Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience;
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email, telephone or post with information, news and offers on Our products and services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Third parties whose content appears on Our Site may use third party Cookies, as detailed below in. Please note that We do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data they collect and use and advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.
We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected.
HOW AND WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
Some or all of your data may be stored outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
Steps We take to secure and protect your data include:
Ensuring that your connection to our website is secure; and
Ensuring that internal access to all personal information we hold is secured by appropriate measures.
DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA?
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
We may sometimes use third party data processors that are located outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). Where We transfer any personal data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR.
In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL YOUR DATA?
When you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details).
You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
YOUR RIGHT TO WITHHOLD INFORMATION
You may access Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see Our Cookie Policy section.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS YOUR DATA?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us for more details at footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk, or using the contact details below.
OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products services. By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Site for advertising and other services. In addition, Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google and others, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk, by telephone on 01332 368000, or by post at 3 New Park Place, Pride Park, Derby DE24 8DZ. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you.
WHAT ARE COOKIES
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies. Visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out more
THE COOKIES WE SET
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it’s important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
MORE INFORMATION
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: footie@soccerstarsuk.co.uk