http://sohawaii.org/privacy-policy/
SPECIAL OLYMPICS HAWAII POLICY STATEMENT
Your privacy is very important to us. Please read below to see how Special Olympics handles information.
WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN: Our Website is intended for general audience and we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to provide us with their personal information. If you are under 13, do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. In the event we learn that we collected personal information from anyone under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected personal information from anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at ceo@SOHawaii.org or call us Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m.-5:00 p.m. at 808-943-8808.
INFORMATION SECURITY: Special Olympics Hawaii has established safeguards to help protect your personal information, but cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law). All on-line transactions are done on a secure server. This means that information entered on the transaction page is encrypted using SSL(Secure Socket Layer) before transmission. On secure pages, a “closed” lock symbol is displayed in the bottom part of your browser screen and the website address in the address bar at the top of the browser screen starts with an “https” instead of an “http”.
SPECIAL OLYMPICS MAY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: Special Olympics Hawaii may use your information to: complete your donations; contact you about our on-going work; discuss employment opportunities and ways that you can further support our efforts to support our mission; fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; conduct research about Special Olympics programs, services and Network; help offer you other programs or services that may be of interest. We may also share your information with other Special Olympics Area Programs so that we may provide any requested service or information at the local level. For example, if you ae requesting a calendar of events in your area, we may share your email information with the local Area Program so that it can provide you with that information.
Your personal information will also be used to provide you access to the various sections of our website that have been personalized for your needs. Special Olympics may share, rent or exchange donor names and postal addresses with third parties. Except in the limited circumstances outlined below, Special Olympics will never intentionally share your e-mail addresses, phone numbers or financial information.
We occasionally exchange our donor name and address list with other reputable nonprofit organizations to keep our costs down. If shared, the other nonprofit organization is only permitted to use such information for a one-time mailing and cannot use it for telemarketing purposes. You can opt out of this exchange at any time by contacting us at DonorServices@SpecialOlympics.org and providing your complete name and address.
Special Olympics Hawaii’s web site contains links to the Special Olympic Inc.’s website to process donations via our secure site. To view the SOI  Privacy Policy please click here: https://www.specialolympics.org/privacy-policy
Mission Partners
Contact Us1833 Kalakaua Ave, Ste 500, Honolulu HI 96815
(808) 943-8808
Get InvolvedAthletes
Coaches
Families
Who We AreCalendar
Mission & Philosophy
Job Opportunities