https://sooh.org/internet-privacy-policy/
Internet Privacy Policy
Internet Privacy Policy
Thank you for reviewing our Internet Privacy Policy. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This policy addresses those concerns and may be updated periodically.
This website is owned and operated by Special Olympics Ohio, Inc. You may contact us at the following postal address:
Special Olympics Ohio, Inc.
Attn: Web
3303 Winchester Pike
Columbus, OH 43232
Phone: 614-239-7050 or via e-mail at: sooh@sooh.org
We use our best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online visitors. For each visitor to our site, our server automatically recognizes only the visitor’s domain name, but not the e-mail address. At this time, no part of our site makes use of cookies for user tracking, content customization, or any other purpose.
For purposes of improving our web site content, aggregate information is collected on what pages of the website are visited. We only gather personally identifiable data (such as names, address, zip/postal codes, e-mail addresses, etc.) that are voluntarily submitted by the visitor, and we only use such data to facilitate online donations, or to return information requested. Such data, including e-mail addresses, may be shared with our local Special Olympics Programs for the above named purposes. Web site visitor information is used for internal Special Olympics purposes only and will not be sold to third parties. E-mail addresses of visitors and donors are never sold or exchanged.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information or upcoming events, volunteer opportunities, requests for financial support, or new product or services. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by contacting us using the address or phone number provided above, or e-mail us at sooh@sooh.org.
Opt-Out
Our online donation form provides donors the opportunity to opt-out of receiving e-communications from us. We offer the options below for you to view, modify, delete, or view your records with us.
Change/Modify or View Your Donor Information
To change or modify your address, please provide both the old and new address in your correspondence.
E-mail us at: sooh@sooh.org
Send mail to the following postal address:
Special Olympics Ohio, Inc.
Attn: Web
3303 Winchester Pike
Columbus, OH 43232
Security of Credit Card Information
We care about the safety of your credit card transaction: secure server technology is used throughout the online donation and/or purchase process. We use high-grade encryption software and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. As a result, it is extremely difficult for anyone to intercept credit card information you send to us. Or, if you’d prefer, mail us your contribution by printing the online donation form and mailing it to us at the address provided above.
Links to Third Party Sites
This website contains some hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Special Olympics Ohio, Inc. These hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only. Special Olympics Ohio, Inc. does not control such web sites and is not responsible for their contents. The inclusion of hyperlinks to other web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on those web sites by Special Olympics Ohio, Inc.
Restriction of Liability
Special Olympics Ohio, Inc. shall not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line failure, or any cause beyond Special Olympics Ohio, Inc.’s reasonable control.
Copyright Information
The copyrights to materials posted on this site are owned by, or licensed to, Special Olympics Ohio, Inc. All rights reserved. The names and trademarks appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity without Special Olympics Ohio, Inc.’s or their owner’s prior written permission.
Information Accuracy
We make every effort to ensure that the information presented on our web site is correct and accurate. However, if inaccuracy should occur, we will make every effort to make a correction in a timely manner. To report any web site inaccuracies or to request answers to questions about our Internet Policy, or questions about the information please e-mail us at sooh@sooh.org, or write to us at the address above.
Thank you for visiting our site and for your support of our mission to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition for people with intellectual disabilities.