http://spanish-norman.com/registry/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement | Spanish-Norman Horse Registry
Navigation Menu
Home
About the Spanish-Norman
Breed Profile
Breed Founders
Mission Statement
Annual High Point Award
High Point Award Form
Registry Rules & Regulations
Foundation Sires
Foundation Sires Directory
Foundation Sire Search
Stallion Nomination Form
Breeding Report Form
Registration
Requirements & Guidelines
Registration Application Form
Transfer of Ownership Form
News & Updates
All News & Updates
Articles Of Interest
Foundation Sires
High Point Award
Horses For Sale
Newsletters
Photo Gallery
Resources & Links
Contact Us
Home »
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy & Statement
.
The Spanish-Norman Horse Registry believes that keeping your personal information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. We will protect your privacy to the best of our abilities, and your personal information will never be sold, transferred, or distributed to any individual or company. Access to your information is restricted according to established internet security standards and procedures, and we will never share non-public personal information except as required by law. You have our promise and guarantee.
This privacy policy lets you know what information we collect, how we may share that information, and your choices regarding the sharing of your information. This policy applies to all interactions you may have with any Spanish-Norman Horse Registry employees or representatives, on our website, or any other places where we may collect personal information. By visiting SpanishNorman.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Information Collected By Automated Means: Personally Identifiable Information is information we collect that uniquely identifies you. This information may contain your name, shipping address, email address and phone number, as well as other information you may choose to share while interacting with our employees, website or online services.
Non-Personal Information: Anonymous information is information we collect that is not traceable to any individual person or computer. The Spanish-Norman Horse Registry utilizes this data to analyze trends and understand customer needs while interacting on our site so that we can provide a better user experience. For example, we may use cookies, web beacons, log files and other technologies to collect information about visitors to our website.
Collection: You can browse our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us.
We may collect and store the following Non-Personal Information: “Cookies” are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer. Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you close your web browser. We may use cookies to provide features and services, such as:
Remembering your preferences
Presenting information that’s targeted to your interests
Measuring the effectiveness of our site, services, and content
Providing other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies
A “web beacon” is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page. We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page to another and to improve site performance.
We don’t sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. We may use your information to improve and personalize our services and content, as well as measure and improve effectiveness but we will never share this information with any individual or company. The Spanish-Norman Horse Registry is committed to securing your personal information.
Actions You Can Take: Keep your computer software up to date with the latest browser and anti-virus security software. Be aware of common email scams that may use your email address to contact you and ask for personal or sensitive information. Always be cautious when opening links or attachments from unsolicited third parties. Also know that the Spanish-Norman Horse Registry will not send you emails asking for any type of personally identifiable information. If ever asked, you can be confident it is not a request coming from the Spanish-Norman Horse Registry.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and Statement, please feel free to contact us.
.
Effective Date: 01/01/2015
Archives
SN Mare for Sale: Magico’s Samantha (Ava)
Foundation Sire: Hampon XII
Foundation Sire: Deco X
Foundation Sire: Danza del Rico
Spanish-Norman Gestüt Herian
Isabella Neukirchen-John, Spanish-Norman breeder from Germany
Registration Requirements and Guidelines Update
Foundation Sire: TESORO A
USDF Award Winner Jessica Edwards & Spanish-Norman ‘Mombassa Ridge Dragonfly’
For Sale: Rivendells Ravinia
Spanish-Norman Horses For Sale!
Foundation Sire: DAKOTA ARGENTO
Read More
Founded in 1991, the Spanish-Norman Horse Registry is the official licensed organization for recording and tracking the pedigrees of Spanish-Norman Horses.
Our entertaining and educational DVD offers a comprehensive view of the Spanish-Norman Horse, a genetic and historical re-creation of the medieval warhorse of Europe. CLICK HERE for more information or to buy the DVD!
Spanish-Norman Horse Registry
Linda Osterman Hamid, RegistrareMail Linda Osterman Hamid, Registrar Spanish-Norman Horse Registry
P.O. Box 985
*
Woodbury, CT 06798
Voice: (203) 266-4048
Fax: (203) 263-3306
eMail:snregistrar@earthlink.net
© Copyright 2019 Spanish-Norman Horse Registry
|
Legal
|
Help