https://spiritmt.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting Your PrivacySpirit Mountain is very concerned for your sense of privacy and security while on our site and mobile app as well as with respect to how we care for your information. The following is our privacy pledge to you and deals with the following issues:
Information CollectionIn a few areas on our Web and app sites, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit, process your order correctly, and if necessary, follow up with you before or after your visit.
From time to time we may ask questions, or we may use data collected for order processing, to better understand our customers' preferences. This information allows us to improve our products and services, and to offer you specially tailored deals when appropriate. While some of this information is optional, other items (e.g., information required to process an order) are not.
We may ask for any of the following types of information: name, e-mail address, phone number, address, customer and trip preference information, customer ID and password, as well as other similar personal information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. Please note that in the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
Information UseWe may use personal account information to generate statistics and aggregate reports for internal use and for sharing with affiliates. These statistics and aggregate reports will not contain any personally identifiable information. Your identity is kept anonymous.
Aggregate information may be used to design programs and promotions that we think would be of interest to an identified group of customers. For example, if an analysis of purchase data shows that 30% of our guests are intermediate skiers who rent equipment, we may want to develop a special rental/lesson program for them to test new gear.
In addition we may use the detailed profiles in order to target special offers and promotions more effectively. Knowing more about you allows us to personalize the delivery of site content to you (at this time personalized content delivery will be via email) should you wish to receive offers from us. If we decide to use information collected for any purposes other than those identified we will contact you for your agreement.
The Benefits of Providing InformationKnowing more about you allows us to personalize the types of information we send to you. This means that you will probably receive less mail from us (unless of course you tell us you want everything), and what you do receive will be meaningful and not filled with a whole lot of information that does not apply to you.
Non-Use and DisclosureWe do not and will not sell or rent users information to any entity outside of Spirit Mountain.
Spirit Mountain reserves the right to cooperate with local, provincial, federal, and international officials in any investigation requiring either personal information (including any information provided on-line through www.Spirit Mountain.com or reports about lawful of unlawful user activity on this site.
Spirit Mountain also reserves the right to disclose any information in an individual's account:
To satisfy any law, regulation, or government request.
If such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to site operation.
To protect the rights or property of www.Spirit Mountain.com and its users, sponsors, providers, licensers, or merchant, www.Spirit Mountain.com also reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Opting OutShould you not want to receive promotional material from us we ask that you tell us in the section on email sign up. To be removed just enter you name and email address, if your name is currently on the list it will be automatically removed.
Contacting CustomersSpirit Mountain reserves the right to decide if they will contact customers should we be required to disclose any personal information (as outlined in non-use and disclosure).
Children's PrivacySpirit Mountain does not knowingly solicit data from, or about, people under the age of 16 years for the purposes of selling directly to these individuals.
Legal LiabilityUnder no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Spirit Mountain be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Spirit Mountain or a Spirit Mountain authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Childcare
Leisure Groups
Meetings
E-News
Connect with us