https://springfieldstriders.org.uk/privacy/
Toggle navigation
About
About Striders
Committee
Privacy
FAQ’s
Training
General Training
Tuesday Night
Thursday night
Racing
Road
Trail
Cross Country
Fell
Ultra Distance Running
Triathlon
Tables
Club Records
Club Championship
Club Standards
XC Championship
Trail Championship
Fell Championship
Martini Championship 2019
Events
Pleshey & Essex Half Marathon
Friday Night Five
Essex Way Relay Race
The Hobble
Winter Handicap
Summer Handicap
Results
Kit
Contact Us
Search
Search for:
Instagram…Follow Us
facebook
twitter
youtube
instagram
Upcoming events:
Check back soon...
loading...
Play
Pause
Unmute
Mute
Springfield Striders Running Club [SSRC] is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For any personal data you provide for the purposes of your membership, [SSRC] is the Data Controller and is responsible for storing and otherwise processing that data in a fair, lawful, secure and transparent way. What personal data we hold on you You may give us information about you by filling in forms at an event or online, or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register with the Club, [subscribe to our newsletter, or participate in discussion boards on our website] The information you give us may include your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, phone number, name of the EA affiliated Clubs with which you are registered and gender (Athletics Data). Why we need your personal data The reason we need your Athletics Data is to be able to administer your membership, and provide the membership services you are signing up to when you register with the club. Our lawful basis for processing your personal is that we have a contractual obligation to you as a member to provide the services you are registering for. Reasons we need to process your data include: For training and competition entry sharing personal data with club coaches or officials to administer training sessions; sharing personal data with club team managers to enter events; sharing personal data with facility providers to manage access to the track or check delivery standards; and</li><li>sharing personal data with leagues, county associations (and county schools’ associations) and other competition providers for entry in events.
For funding and reporting purposes sharing anonymised data with a funding partner as condition of grant funding e.g. Local Authority; analysing anonymised data to monitor club trends; and sending an annual club survey to improve your experience as a club member For membership and club management; Processing of membership forms and payments; sharing data with committee members to provide information about club activities, membership renewals or invitation to social events; club newsletter promoting club activity; and publishing of race and competition result
Marketing and communications (where separate consent is provided)  sending information about promotions and offers from sponsors; sending information about selling club kit, merchandise or fundraising. [Any special category health data we hold on you is only processed for the purpose(s) of fitness/ health checks or passing health data to coaches to allow the safe running of training sessions). We process this data on the lawful basis of consent. Therefore, we will also need your explicit consent to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
On occasion we may collect personal data from non-members such as any non-member participant who fills in a health disclaimer or form at a taster event. Our lawful basis for processing data is consent. Therefore, we will also need explicit consent from non-members to process this data, which we will ask for at the point of collecting it.
The club has the following social media Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram. All members are free to join these pages. If you join one of the Social Media pages, please note that provider of the social media platform(s) have their own privacy policies and that the club do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data on the club social media pages.
Who we share your personal data with;
When you become a member of the Club, you will also automatically be registered as a member of England Athletics Limited. We will provide England Athletics Limited with your Athletics Data which they will use to enable access to the MyAthletics portal. England Athletics Limited will contact you to invite you to sign into and update your MyAthletics portal. You can set and amend your privacy settings from the MyAthletics portal. If you have any questions about the continuing privacy of your personal data when it is shared with England Athletics Limited, please contact dataprotection@englandathletics.org.
The Club does not supply any personal data it holds for this purpose to any other third party The Club does not store or transfer your personal data outside of the UK. Where the Club does transfer your personal data overseas it is with the appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the security of that personal data. How long we hold your personal data; We will hold your personal data on file for as long as you are a member with us. Athlete data is updated every year on annual membership forms. Any personal data we hold on you will be securely destroyed after fouryears of inactivity on that member’s account, in line with England Athletics Limited’s retention policy. Your data is not processed for any further purposes other than those detailed in this policy. Your rights regarding your personal data As a data subject you may have the right at any time to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data; to restrict or object to certain kinds of processing of your personal data, including direct marketing; to the portability of your personal data and to complain to the UK’s data protection supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office about the processing of your personal data.
As a data subject you are not obliged to share your personal data with the Club. If you choose not to share your personal data with us we may not be able to register or administer your membership.