https://star-reading.org/about-us/policies
Madejski Stadium, Behind East Standinfo@star-reading.org
Join STAR Today
Policies
Home
About Us
Policies
Policies
STAR take a specific view on several matters concerning the organisation and running of football and STAR. For clarity STAR make these policies available for public information and they can be downloaded and viewed below. These policies are reviewed and updated annually. You can also view our  statement in connection with privacy and use of cookies on this website by visiting our Privacy & Cookies page.
Board Membership & Conduct Policy
Club Image, Identify and Location Policy
Club Ownership Financial Governance & Wealth Distribution Policy
Coach Travel Policy
Competitive Domestic Matches Played Abroad Policy
Data Protection Policy
Definition Of Terms
Disciplinary Policy
Donations Policy
Election Policy
Equality & Inclusivity Policy
Feeder Clubs Policy
Finance Policy
Gambling Related to Football Policy
Goal Line Technology Policy
Kit Policy
Membership & Affiliations Policy
Personal Data Privacy Policy
Policing Policy
Premier League 2 Policy
Safe Standing Policy
SafeguardingPolicy
Stewarding Policy
Supporters Trust Movement Policy
Ticketing & Accessibility Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.