https://stonoferrygolf.com/terms-and-conditions-policy/
Skip to content
(843) 763-1817Book Tee TimeOrder FoodFacebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new window
Book Tee Time GolfBook Tee Time Brigade Club Golf Packages Golf Instruction Professional Staff
MembershipMembership Benefits and Fees Membership Rules Upcoming Club Events Men’s Golf Association Women’s Golf Association
ClubInnovations Fitness Center Stono Grill Club History
Real Estate
Terms and Conditions PolicyYou are here:HomeTerms and Conditions Policy
Cookie Policy
Last Updated June 23, 2020
We use “cookies” and similar technologies (such as web beacons and pixels) on our websites. A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer when you access our websites. We use cookies to improve your access to our website (for example, by storing your username so you can log in more easily), and to allow you to share website content with social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of visitors to our websites, so that we can provide more customized content. Cookies can also be used to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Site or its features. You can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
How We Use Cookies
There are different types of cookies and other technologies used on our Website:
“Session cookies” – These cookies only last as long as your online session, and disappear from your computer or device when you close your browser.
“Persistent cookies” – These cookies stay on your computer or device after your browser has been closed and last for a time specified in the cookie. We use persistent cookies when we need to know who you are for more than one browsing session. For example, we use them to remember your preferences for the next time you visit.
“Web Beacons/Pixels” – Some of our web pages and emails may also contain small electronic images known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or single-pixel GIFs. These images typically work in conjunction with cookies to collect data, such as counting the number of users who have visited a web page or acted upon one of our email digests.
Cookies We Place
We place our own cookies on your computer to track certain information about you while you are using our website. For example, we place a session cookie on your computer each time you visit our website. Through these cookies we are able to collect information about how you use the Website, including what browser you may be using, your IP address, the URL address you came to our website from, and the URL you visit when you leave our website (even if those URLs are not on our Website). We also utilize email web beacons to monitor whether our emails are being delivered and read.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information such as how often users visit our Websites, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our Site. We use this infor­mation to improve our site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable infor­mation. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Websites, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use. To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics, learn more about the Google Analytics opt-out add-on for your browser.
Facebook, Twitter, and other Social Network Cookies
Our content pages allow you to share content appearing on our website to your social media accounts through the “Like,” “Tweet,” or similar buttons displayed on such pages. To accomplish this, we embed code that such third party social networks provide and that we do not control. These buttons know that you are logged in to your social network account and therefore such social networks could also know that you are viewing our website.
Third-Party Cookies
When using our website, you may be directed to other websites for various purposes, such as making reservations for dining or an excursion, or for other reasons. these websites may use their own cookies. We do not have control over the placement of cookies by other websites you visit, even if you are directed to them from our website.
How You Can Control Cookies
Many of the cookies used on our website and through emails can be disabled through your browser. To disable cookies through your browser, follow the instructions usually located within the “Help,” “Tools,” or “Edit” menus in your browser. Please note that disabling a cookie or a category of cookies does not delete the cookie from your browser unless you manually remove it through your browser.
Questions?
For more information about how we use cookies, feel free to contact us at:
The Links at Stono Ferry
4812 Stono Links Drive Hollywood, SC 29449
(888) 785-1813
Email Us
Go to Top
X
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok