http://stonewallstables.com/privacy/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Services
Gallery
Facilities and Instructions
Amanda Enwright
Book a Ride
Contact
Welcome to Stonewall Stables
Stonewall Stables policies and procedures for handling customer information have been created with the understanding that Internet technologies are still evolving and that Internet business methods are continuing to evolve to meet the needs and opportunities of the changing technologies. As a result, Stonewall Stables policies and procedures are subject to change.
In the course of serving its customers, Stonewall Stables acquires stores and transmits customer communications and information that customers may regard as private or sensitive. Some of this information – such as the customer’s name, address, telephone number, and credit card data – is provided to Stonewall Stables by its customers in order to establish service. Other information – such as the customer’s account status, choice of services, and customer logs – is created and maintained by Stonewall Stables in the normal course of providing service. Stonewall Stables also uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on a user’s computer for various reasons. For example, Stonewall Stables uses cookies on the landing pages of the site which record the customer information that is required on the order form. This information is then forwarded to an internal sales database within Stonewall Stables. In addition, Stonewall Stables may store customers’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
Data Security
Stonewall Stables will protect the confidentiality of its clients’ information, account information and personal communications to the fullest extent possible and consistent with the law and the legitimate interests of Stonewall Stables, its partners, its employees and other customers of Stonewall Stables services. To protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information that is collected from customers, Stonewall Stables has appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in place.
How is customer information used?
Stonewall Stables may share customer information with selected partners to enable the customer to take advantage of special partner programs. Stonewall Stables may also use customer information to provide its customers with system information or information about new or upgraded products.
Disclosure of customer information and communications
Stonewall Stables will not otherwise disclose its customers’ personal and account information unless Stonewall Stables has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Stonewall Stables, Stonewall Stables customers, or others, or where Stonewall Stables has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
Stonewall Stables also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Stonewall Stables stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Stonewall Stables will disclose such electronic customer communications are when: it is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;
It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Stonewall Stables and its customers;
it is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Stonewall Stables determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and it is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Stonewall Stables and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
Stonewall Stables disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Stonewall Stables will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm Stonewall Stables, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Stonewall Stables may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Stonewall Stables Policy.