https://store.exactseek.com/terms3.html
Menu
Home
Add URL
Add Local USA Listing
Member Login
Articles
Web Traffic Program Terms and Conditions
Ordering Online
Ordering Online with us is safe and secure!
The ExactSeek Web Traffic Program is a search engine marketing program provided by ExactSeek.com and is sold through PayPal.com Inc. and Stripe to ensure the safety of your credit card information.
Terms and Conditions
1 - ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE AGREEMENT1.1 - By applying for an ExactSeek Web Traffic Program you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older and that you agree to the Terms and Conditions set out in this document. You also agree to provide complete and accurate information, including a valid email address and other contact/billing information as requested in the registration form.
1.2 - ExactSeek reserves the right to alter, add to or remove parts of this agreement at any time.
2- DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE2.1 - The ExactSeek Web Traffic Program is a fee-based program provided by ExactSeek to promote your URL (site or webpage) using various traffic provider partners to generate views of your URL(s). Its promotion is subject to the rules stated in Section 3 (SITE CRITERIA) of this agreement.
2.2 - Your site will not be included in ExactSeek's regular search index and traffic will come from our partner networks, i.e it will not have a referer from an ExactSeek.com url.
2.3 - The fee for consideration WILL NOT BE REFUNDED if your site is rejected due to content.
2.4 - We strongly discourage using a PayPal account that is tied to a bank account instead of a credit card. We are not responsible for any banking fees or overdraft fees that you may be charged due to insufficient funds in the account tied to your PayPal account.
2.5 - Credit Card Payments through Stripe are subject to International Banking Fees charged by some US based
banks.
We are not responsible for these fees as they are charged by the Customer's bank.
In the case of a refund these additional fees will not be refunded.
2.6 - The list of traffic partners that participate in the Traffic program may change from time to time for a variety of reasons. There may be instances where some search engines have discontinued their participation in our search engine network, are temporarily unavailable or unable to provide visitors your URL(s) due to technical problems.
For this reason, ExactSeek does not warrant that all mentioned search engine network member sites will be active at a given time or able to display purchased Web Traffic Listings.
2.7 - The Traffic will be delivered through the use of broad matching a list of keywords related to the category selected.
3- SITE CRITERIA3.1 - ExactSeek will reject any submission, and your fee for consideration WILL NOT BE REFUNDED, for any URL(s) (site or webpage) that are determined by ExactSeek to include content, services or products that are:
Pornographic or containing Adult Content;
Inflammatory, Offensive or Promoting Hate Literature;
Illegal or in violation of another person's, or company's, rights or trademarks;
Gambling Sites that are prohibited by law from being advertised in the USA.
3.2 Technical Guidelines:
The URL must render a live web page. For example, it should not generate any error messages such as "file not found." Note that unavailable web pages will be re-spidered during subsequent spider runs but pages that repeatedly generate an error message may not be included in the search network.
The web page must be accessible to our spider and must not use any blocking technologies, or require a username, password, cookie or other authentication.
The web page must contain visible text (not graphics only).
The URL may not contain the following:
Non-printing characters (ASCII value 0-31)
Spaces (32)
International characters (ASCII value 127-255)
Foreign characters: @ ! $ ^ * ( ) ~ ` (ASCII values 64, 33, 36, 94, 42, 40, 41, 126, 96
The URL itself must not be more than 255 characters long.
The URL should not use frames to display the text.
The URL should not use Javascript, Meta refresh or other scripts to load a substitute URL.
The URL should not redirect to a resource not residing on the same server, domain or subdomain. This is not allowed for Traffic pages.
Once a URL is ordered, subsequent changes that do not meet the following terms may require you to purchase additional URLs:
3.3 - ExactSeek will reject any submission for any website whose URL, as submitted, is unreachable.
3.4 - ExactSeek reserves the right to consider other criteria for accepting or rejecting a site.
4- LISTING OF SITES4.1 - ExactSeek reserves the right to determine how and where an accepted Traffic URL is displayed.
4.2 - ExactSeek also reserves the right to remove any Traffic URL, for any reason, including but not
limited to the above Site Criteria.
5- SERVICES AND CONDITIONS OF USE5.1 - By using the service, you agree that you will not attempt
to undermine the integrity of this web site.
6- LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND WARRANTY6.1 - CUSTOMER AGREES that use of the service is entirely at customer's own risk. Services are provided 'as is,' without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any warranty for information, services, uninterrupted access, or products provided through or in connection with the service, including without limitation the software licensed to the customer and the results obtained through the service. Specifically, we disclaim any and all warranties, including without limitation: 1) any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy or content of information, products or services; and 2) any warranties of title or warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
6.2 - THIS DISCLAIMER of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action. Customer specifically acknowledges the service is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal
conduct of other customers or third-parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with customer.
6.3 - Neither the service nor any of its agents, affiliates or content providers shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of use of the service or inability to gain access to or use the service or out of any breach of any warranty. Customer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of this section shall apply to all content on the service.
6.4 - ExactSeek is not liable for any cancellation of service by any other advertiser's program. For example, Purchasing traffic of any kind to a page that displays Google AdSense ads is against Google's policies under the "Invalid Clicks and Impressions" and "Traffic Sources" section of their program policies and may cause cancellation of your AdSense Account.
7- TRADEMARKS7.1 - All trademarks appearing on the service are trademarks of their respective owners.
8- PRIVACY8.1 - You will review and agree to the ExactSeek privacy policy.
Member Login
Newsletters
Add URL
Privacy
Partners
Help
About
Search Feed
Reseller Program
ExactSeek
SiteProNews
Blog-Search
SitesOnDisplay
ISEDN
SonicRun
FreeWebSubmission
Author-Base
Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the ExactSeek.com Privacy Policy
Jayde Online, Inc. © 2020, All Rights Reserved.