https://stranraerfc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy – Stranraer FC
Skip to content
HomeNewsMatch
Fixtures Results Admission Stair Park Match of Yesterday
Team
Squad Statistics Team of the Decade: 2010s
Live VideoShopCommercial
Lottery Player sponsorship Digital sponsorship The Fitba’ Bar Hospitality
History
Club history Honours, records and awards
0
0
Menu
Close
Privacy policy
Home>Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Stranraer Football Club uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this or any associated websites or subsets of SFC (see list below). SFC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain informationby which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back periodically to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. This policy is effective from April 2018.
Stranraer FC website and subsets
We may collect data in the following:
Stranraer FC websiteStranraer FC season ticketsStranraer FC mascots
We use Google Analytics to understand how you use our website (https://stranraerfc.org).
For more information, see Google Analytics privacy.
What we collect
We may collect the following information if you fill in a season ticket or subscription form, hospitality sales sign up form or contact via our email contact button:
nameaddressemail addresstelephone number
Date of birth is collected via the season ticket renewal form to enable concessionary tickets to be validated.
What we do with the information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for:
internal record keepingto improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about matches, hospitality, events, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you have provided.
When you complete any ‘contact us’ form you will be asked whether or not you would like to receive communication from us related to products and services we offer that we believe you may be interested in. If you do consent to receiving this information, you can change your mind at any time and will be given an easy way to do this.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your rights
You have a number of rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. These rights include:
the right to obtain details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 – if you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at secretary@stranaerfc.org or write to Stranraer Football Club, Stair Park London Road, Stranraer, DG9 8BSthe right to request that we rectify any information we are holding on you if you believe it is incorrect or incomplete – please write to or email us as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrectthe right to withdraw your consent to our holding your personal data at any timethe right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposesthe right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Regulator (details provided below) if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us
You can exercise your rights by contacting us using the details set out in the ‘Contact’ section below.
How long we will keep your data
We will only retain your data if you have “opted in” or in the case of season tickets until the end of the following renewal period. If you opt not to renew your season ticket and have “opted out”, your data willbe removed from our systems.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with any aspects of our privacy policy or how we have handled your data, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) by:
going their website at www.ico.org.ukgiving them a call on 03031231113writing to them at Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy and how we use your personal data are welcomed and should be addressed to secretary@stranraerfc.org or by post to, Stranraer Football Club, Stair Park, London Road, Stranraer DG9 8BS.
Contact
Membership
Privacy
Policies
Copyright 2020 - Stranraer Football Club
Close Menu
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
×
×Cart
Please share your location to continue
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings