http://styalgolf.com/privacy-policy/
STYAL GOLF CLUB PRIVACY POLICY
Background
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our members; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
1.What information do we collect about you?
1.1  When you become a member of Styal Golf Club we collect only the information required from you to be able to fulfil our contractual obligations, which includes being able to contact you with notices of Annual and General Meetings and with annual subscription renewal invoices, and to administer competitions at the club.
1.2  With your permission, we may also collect further information which allows us to contact you regarding events and offers at the club.
1.3  In the case of employees of Styal Golf Club, we collect only the information required to fulfil the contractual relationship between the employee and the club. We will only share this data with internal and external data processors.
2.How the information about you will be used
2.1  When you join as a member or enter into a society or open competition event, we may share your information with external and internal data processors (ClubV1, Howdidido). Your personal information is controlled internally by the Club’s Data Protection Officer (Club Manager, Glynn Traynor), who adheres to the internal and data protection policies and procedures of Styal Golf Club.
2.2  Styal Golf Club employs the use of CCTV, in line with the CCTV Code of Practice as laid down by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and is registered with the ICO.
2.3  In the use of debit and credit cards, Styal Golf Club maintains its compliance with PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) on an annual basis.
3. Marketing
3.1 As a member, you may have opted in for us to be able to correspond with you regarding our activities, including events and competitions, by means of post, telephone, email and SMS. We do not share your data with external marketing companies. If you have consented to this correspondence you have the right to opt out at any time.
4.Individual Rights
4.1  You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like a copy, please email the Data Controller Glynn Traynor at gtraynor@styalgolf.co.uk or write to the Club Manager.
4.2  We wish to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or erase information that you believe to be inaccurate.
4.3  At the time of collecting data you have the right to object to the club holding certain data about you.
5.Changes to our Privacy Policy
5.1 A copy of the Privacy Policy appears on the club website. We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and will post any updates on the club website www.styalgolf.co.uk . This Privacy policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
6. How to contact us
6.1 If you need further information please email us at gtraynor@styalgolf.co.uk or write to us at company address.
Glynn Traynor Date: 25th May 2018
Signed:
For and behalf of the Directors Styal Golf Club
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Gallery
GOLF CLUB OPEN
As from Wednesday 2nd December – Both golf courses – the driving range and the clubhouse are now open.
Due to high demand bookings on the 18 hole golf course are for members & their guests only. This will be reviewed on the 14th  December.
FOR ALL INFORMATION CLICK HERE
Members Online Booking
×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy