https://sunvalleylanes.com/privacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Youtube
Home
About Us
News
FAQs
Gallery
Careers
Privacy Policy
Contact
Call Now (402) 475-3469
Sun Valley Lanes Legal & Privacy Policy
At Sun Valley Lanes, we value our relationship with our customers and the opportunity to serve their recreational needs. As a valued customer, you have the right to know our privacy and operational policies and practices. These policies are designed to protect the nonpublic personal information you provide to us. This notice describes our privacy policies and procedures and affirms our commitment to ensuring confidentiality and security of customer information.
We collect nonpublic information about you from the following sources;
Sanction card applications
Sun Valley Lanes team roster information
Tournament entries
Free game passes and other marketing materials
Facebook, Twitter, Email and other media
Sun Valley Lanes will not sell, disclose, or offer any information to outside parties, with the following exceptions;
The current governing body of bowling, including local, state, and national chapters of the governing body, will receive personal information, including, address, phone and email addresses, as required.
The current league officer may request the email, address and phone information of current/past league members of their respective league.
League members will receive customer phone numbers when relating to league matters. Customers may, at any time, request to have their phone number removed from the Sun Valley Lanes database.
Customers will not be called at their work number, except in extreme cases, as determined by management.
Law enforcement agencies will receive complete disclosure of all information, if requested.
For individuals earning more than $600 during bowling competition, social security number information will be required and distributed to the Internal Revenue Service as required by law.
Credit card information will not be stored by Sun Valley Lanes. All credit card information is processed in accordance with current PCS-DSS regulations.
At Sun Valley Lanes, we take steps to safeguard customer information. We restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that adhere to industry standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Sun Valley Lanes will not be responsible or held liable for any information posted eletronically via Facebook, Twitter, Online Scoring, Lane Chatter or other forms of media. As a condition of visiting our location, all customers/visitors agree to release Sun Valley Lanes from any damages from information posted electronically either with or without the customers/visitors knowledge.
In accordance with Nebraska Law and Sun Valley Lanes policies, as a condition of play of “Pull Tabs”, all players agree;
Any player purchasing, redeeming, opening or touching a pull tab is the minimum legal age and eligible to play.
All pull tabs will remain in the building. Cards leaving the building will be void.
All pull tabs will be redeemed on the same business day as purchased. Attempting to redeem a pull tab from a game that is no longer being displayed will be considered fraudulent. The police will be contacted accordingly.
For individuals winning more than $600 on a pull tab, social security number information will be required and distributed to the Internal Revenue Service as required by law.
Revised January 1, 2013