https://surfersparadise.gr/terms/
Terms and Conditions1. ContractA binding contract exists between the customer and Surfers Paradise upon completion of a booking. A booking is made by the organizer receiving a completed booking form and a minimum of 20% of the total amount. By booking, the customer acknowledges the terms and conditions as part of the contract between himself and the organizer.2. Object of the agreementThe organizer assumes responsibility for providing the requested service as described on their website and/or in the confirmation order. 3. PricesThe prices for the offered activities can be drawn from the website from the organizer. The prices are quoted per person in Euros and are including V.A.T. Prices are subject to change.4. Terms of paymentAny remaining balance is to be paid at the start of the activity in cash or by credit card.5. Cancellation by the customerAll cancellations must be in writing. In case of full or partial cancellation (reduction of the amount of participants) the following percentage of the activity price will be charged per customer:Less than 48 hours prior to the scheduled start of the activity: 100%6. Cancellation by the organizerThe organizer reserves the right to cancel an activity in the following cases:Unsuitable weather conditionsSafety concerns by the organizerOfficial regulationsUnforeseen circumstances which the organizer has no control overIn case of cancellation by the organizer the customer will be offered an alternative date/service or a full refund of any paid fees.7. Health & SafetyAll participants should be in good health and able to swim in order to take part in the offered activities. Participants are obligated to inform the organizer of any possible health problems. Under no circumstances may participants take part in the activities while under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or any similar substances. The activities are potentially hazardous with a danger of personal injury. By booking an activity you are aware of and accept these risks and will be responsible for your own actions and involvement. For the organizer to manage these risks and maintain a high level of safety you agree to acknowledge the need for responsible behavior and that the guide’s word is final on all matters of safety. You confirm that you are familiar with the nature of the activities that you wish to undertake and acknowledge those risks that are inherent therein and that you may freely withdraw from the activity and there is no pressure whatsoever to take part.Participants are obliged to insure that they have sufficient health and accident insurance coverage.8. LiabilityDamage claims against the organizer or the assistants are excluded, as far as the damage was not caused by negligence or intentionally. The organizer will especially not be held responsible for damages which are caused by actions of third parties, other participants, the participant, acts of God, natural occurrences, official regulations or damages caused by delayed return to the starting point of the activity. Should the participant not follow the instructions of the organizer, activity leader, etc, all liability of the organizer is dropped.   Live current windmeter Instagram
137
2 ContactIraklidon Avenue, Ixia, Rhodes, Greece (Opposite the Sheraton Rhodes Resort) + 30 69 755 64 391 + 30 22410 38893 info@surfersparadise.gr Directions – How to find usMonday-Sunday, 09:00 – 20.00 (start of April till end of October)
Scroll to topThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Further information on cookies can be found in our privacy policy.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Privacy policyAccept settingsHide notification only