https://svra.com/website-terms/
Website Terms and Conditions of Use / Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on SVRA’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on SVRA’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by SVRA at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on SVRA’s website are provided “as is”. SVRA makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, SVRA does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall SVRA or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on SVRA’s Internet site, even if SVRA or a SVRA authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on SVRA’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. SVRA does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. SVRA may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. SVRA does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
SVRA has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SVRA of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
SVRA may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to SVRA’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Race Event Entries
As a condition to entry, entrant has read the SVRA General & Supplemental Regulations and consents to their application and interpretation by SVRA Officials in their discretion and acknowledges that motor sports are dangerous and assumes all risks of participation. The applicant (including driver, car owner and crew) agrees to conform to the rules, procedures and policies of SVRA and waives any right to claim against, and covenants not to sue SVRA, its officers, directors, employees, agents or any driver’s committee with respect to the interpretation or application of any rules, procedures or policies.
All drivers must hold a valid competition license with SVRA, a Vintage Motorsport Council affiliated license or a license with a recognized sanctioning body such as SCCA, FIA, etc. with a current Medical date. Certain race cars require an SVRA-approved Super License. (see SVRA website under “Driver Information” for requirements).
Non-SVRA drivers: include a copy of current Competition License & Medical with entry. Entrants that do not hold a Vintage Racing License or who have not competed in an Vintage Event are REQUIRED to participate in the SVRA Driver Orientation Program. (see DOP Information under “Driver Information” at www.svra.com).
Event Cancellations
There are no refunds for event cancellations. Cancellations prior to an event will be issued a credit to be used for future events during the remaining race season or the race season of the following year. Cancellations made within 30 days of the event date will only be issued 50% credit. Credits from event cancellations can only be applied toward future Race Events (i.e. Entry Fees, Sprint Races, Enduros, Test Days, and Orientation Programs). Credits cannot be applied toward non-event items, including but not limited to Garage Rentals, EPP, Insurance Policies, Licensing, Ticket Sales, Merchandise, Subscriptions, or other product offerings. Credits are not transferable.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
SVRA News
NEW BOOK BY SVRA EXEC CHRONICLES EARLY AUTO RACING
GEOFF AND MATT BRABHAM TO RACE IN BRABHAMS WITH SVRA AT COTA
SVRA PLANS SPEEDTOUR WEEKEND FOR RIDGE MOTORSPORTS PARK
SVRA 2021 SCHEDULE GROWS DESPITE 2020 GLOBAL CHALLENGES
Trans Am SpeedTour Classic at Lime Rock Park Postponed to 2021
SKIP BARBER RACING SCHOOL BECOMES OFFICIAL SVRA SPONSOR
HAWK PERFORMANCE IS THE OFFICIAL BRAKE PAD OF SVRA
US Vintage Grand Prix at Watkins Glen – An Important Update
More News...
SVRA Store
SVRA Videos