https://swancreekandalusians.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Swan Creek Andalusian’s – Home of Campanillero III and Merlin I
Home
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on https://swancreekandalusians.ca (We / Our / Us) web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on our web site;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by us at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on our web site are provided “as is”. We make no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall we or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on our Internet site, even if we or a our authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on our web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. We do not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. We may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. We do not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
We have not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
We may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to our web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Canada without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
More Testimonials
In 2001 Fox Run Farm purchased two purebred PRE weanling fillies from Sereena.
Since we were over 2500 miles away, we relied upon video and photographs to choose our beautiful babies.
Our weanlings came to us as represented and there we no ‘surprises’ in their quality. It was a very long trip for two little girls but they settled in and quickly prospered. We are very pleased with the way they have matured and there have been no physical or medical problems with them.
We were treated honestly, fairly and respectfully in our transaction and received quality horses for our price. I would look once again to Sereena if we were in the market to add to our herd.
– Julie Littleton,
Esti is wonderful- everything and more than I had wanted and hoped for in my first Andy stallion. Our transaction while challenging due to distance and circumstances was positive, honest, and fair. Being a successful horse trainer for over 20yrs now (and ALL of my business comes from referrals-NO advertising), I have participated directly and indirectly in many horse purchases. There are some people that I will never recommend or refer to for horses. Sereena, I will happily refer my clients and others to you!! You are honest, down to earth and have wonderful horses from a well thought out breeding program. Estimado’s temperament, movement, mind are just awesome AND just what I wanted for my Andy. I told you what I was looking for and you directed me towards Esti. If anything was off it was that you did not think Esti was very baroque…and I believe that he is growing up to be very baroque in his looks/conformation.
– Carmen J. Ritz
I just wanted to touch base. The colts are doing great. I will get some photos for you soon.
I am so pleased with them. They are truly quality colts with straight movement, and wonderful minds. I have no doubt they will both be competitive in dressage or whatever else we attempt. You were very straight forward about them being ranch raised foals, and although they were minimally handled and allowed to gow up naturally, their quality bloodlines are making their handling and training exceptionally easy. They are actually nicer to handle than the german warmbloods I bred and raised myself, especially Gallahad he is just a jewel. They are just naturally people oriented, kind, and very willing. You can quote me on anything, and I will keep you updated.
Thanks Again
– Kim, North Carolina
SwanCreekAndalusians.ca | Copyright 2001 - 2019