https://teamsummit.org/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy is paramount to us.  This document outlines Team Summit Colorado’s Privacy Policy. It tells you exactly what information we gather, how that information is protected, and how we use that information to provide you with the best possible user experience.
Information We Collect.
Cookies. When you visit our website we use cookies to help with navigation. No personal information or technical information is gathered.  Our cookies are non-persistent, which means they disappear when you close your browser.  Our cookies are not stored on your computer’s hard drive, they are kept in memory and lost when you close your browser or navigate away from our website.  Our website tracks your choices as you navigate through its pages. Using cookies allows us to maintain your choices and provide a better Web experience for you.
Analytics Information.  We use analytics software to track how visitors use our website. No personal information is collected.  We may collect information about your computer system (i.e. your IP address, the size of your monitor, your operating system, or the browser you are using.)  We also log the date and time of your visit, how long you stayed on our website, and other such statistical data. This information is important because it tells use where visitors come from and the type of content they are looking to utilize on our website.  Analytics data allows us to better understand what you are looking for so we know how to respond to your needs.
Personal Information. When you enter personal information on our website, we collect the following information:
Full Name
Shipping Address
Billing Address
Telephone Number (Cell, Home, and/or Business)
Email Address
Credit Card Information
How We Use Your Personal Information. Your personal information is stored so we have a record of your transaction. Your credit card information is only kept long enough to complete your transaction. We do not permanently store your credit card information.
Information Access & Security
Company Access to Personal Information. It is Team Summit Colorado’s company policy that we only access to your personal information to send you content based on your profile choices. If access to your personal information is required (as in retrieving a password or user name) we will only access this information after receiving a written request from you to do so.  We have this policy in place to protect your privacy. Even though your data is in our database, we consider it yours.  This policy underscores our commitment to your security and to the security of your personal information.
Data Security. We will only share your personal contact information with a third party if required to do so by law, as in the case of a court subpoena.  Your personal contact information is not shared with any other entity except for this circumstance.  No sensitive data, such as a social security number, is requested or needed for using our site.  Please alert Team Summit Colorado and the authorities immediately if a person, posing as a(n) Team Summit Colorado representative, contacts you requesting sensitive information like your social security number, bank account number, credit card number or any other material you believe would put your identity at risk.
Contacting Us
How to Contact Us.  If you have any questions regarding any part of this privacy policy, there are a number of ways you can contact Team Summit Colorado. First, use the Contact Form on our website’s homepage. You can also contact us at (970) 968-3080.
Changes to This Policy
Changes to this Policy. Team Summit Colorado reserves the right to make adjustments to this privacy policy as part of its commitment to meeting our customers’ needs and ensuring their online safety when utilizing our website(s).  Any changes to the policy will take effect 14 days after we post the policy change on our website and notify our users by email as to the upcoming change.  This gives you, the user, time to review the change.  We need to be able to change our policy, as United States federal laws, Colorado State laws, Summit County regulations and specific town codes and laws change and as Internet use requires. It may be that certain elements of our policy become illegal or unenforceable in the future, therefore, we reserve the rights to be able to change, updates, alter or amend our policies to comply with applicable law. All copyrights and intellectual property rights on and relating to this website are the property of Team Summit Colorado and its various providers and any use of these materials, platforms, devices, software, or tools is strictly prohibited.