https://tennpin.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Tenn Pin Alley is committed to protecting and safeguarding the privacy of your personal information on this website. It is important for you to know how we treat your personal information and ask that you read the following policy. The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to all users of this website. Below you will find answers to several questions regarding our Privacy Policy.
What information does the company collect on me and how is it used?
Tenn Pin Alley collects information from various sources including information that our guests supply to us via electronic mail, information we collect from users of our website and various other sources of information provided to us. This information is collected electronically on all users of our website, including customers, by means of cookies. The personally identifiable information (“personal information”) collected on this website can include some or all of the following: your name, address, telephone number(s), e-mail addresses, text messaging information and other contact information associated with electronic or digital messaging methods, vehicles and interaction, credit card information, demographic information, and any other information you may voluntarily provide. You will have the choice whether or not to disclose such personal information in the above activities; however, some parts of the website and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use if you choose not to disclose personal information.
In addition to the personal information identified above, our web servers automatically identify computers by their IP addresses. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. To emphasize, IP addresses are not linked to personal information.
Further, our Site may use technologies such as “cookies” to provide visitors with tailored information upon each visit. Cookies are a common part of many commercial websites that allow small text files to be sent by a website, accepted by a web browser and then placed on your hard drive as recognition for repeat visits to the website. Every time you visit our website, our servers, through cookies, pixels and/or GIF files, collect basic technical information such as your domain name, the address of the last URL visited prior to clicking through to the website, and your browser and operating system. You do not need to enable cookies to visit our website; however, some parts of the website and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use if cookies are disabled. To emphasize, cookies are not linked to any personal information while on this website.
How we store the information we collect.
We store the information you provide to us and the information we collect electronically in our computer databases. Access to our computer servers is controlled by firewalls and security gatekeepers.
Promotions and Prizes
From time to time, we may join with third parties to provide specific services or products. When users sign up for these services or order these products, we will share only the names and other information that is necessary for the third parties to provide these services or products. These third parties are not permitted to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services or products. However, we do not undertake to confirm, investigate, or police their practices.
With Whom Does Tenn Pin Alley Share Information?
We may also provide all of the types of nonpublic personal information listed above to one or more of our Affiliates and service providers. Such service providers include, without limitation, financial entities, insurers, vendors and/or companies involved in the food services business. Furthermore, we may also provide all the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, on behalf of our Affiliates or to other institutions with whom we or our Affiliates have joint marketing agreements.
Does the site link to others sites?
The Tenn Pin Alley Website may contain links to other sites on the Web. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the terms and conditions of use for such websites, all such websites are not owned, operated or controlled by Tenn Pin Alley and shall be governed by their own terms and conditions and privacy policy and not this Policy. We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other Websites. Tenn Pin Alley encourages you to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information.
How does the company handle Children’s privacy online?
Online reservations, customer registration for on-line reservations, and customer feedback pages of this website are directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 16 or older. We do not establish or maintain registrations for any child whom we know to be under the age of 16. We do not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If we discover that we have received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom we otherwise have reason to believe is, under the age of 16, we will delete such information from our systems.
How can I stop receiving notices about future offers or to stop my personal information from being shared with third parties?
For those who initially opted-in to receive future offers or promotional materials or to allow the sharing of Personal Information may subsequently opt-out as follows: if you are a registered user, you may choose to opt-out of future email by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our email.
Our policies may change.
This is our current privacy and security policy, but we reserve the right to change our website and this policy at any time. You should check this privacy policy periodically
Please contact us with any questions or comments. If you have any questions, or believe that a violation of this policy may have occurred, please let us know. Our complete contact information is provided on our website at www.tennpin.com
Bowling
Laser Tag
Arcade Games
Packages
Specials
Quick Contact