http://thaigolfer.com/site/page?view=terms-of-use
Home
Golf Courses
Course Finder
Course Reviews
Driving Ranges
Golf Equipment
Golf Professionals
Pro Shops
Golf Associations
News
Promotion
Demo Days
Local News
PGA Tour
European Tour
Asian Tour
News Release
Forums
Club House
Classified Ads
Booking
Golf Packages
Products & Services
Golf Web Design
Golf Marketing Solutions
Members
My Thaigolfer
My Bag
My Handicap
My Stats
My Leagues
My Booking
Online Tournament
Register
Sign in
Terms of Use
Introduction
www.thaigolfer.com ("the Site") is operated by Thaigolfer Group Company Limited ("we" and "us").
Use of the Site is on the terms and conditions contained in this document (“Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, stop using the Site immediately. By using this Site you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by these Terms of Use. They are a legal agreement between you and us and can only be amended with our consent. They should be read in conjunction with the details provided on the Site about how the Site operates and the products and services which are available.
Any bookings for the Site are also subject to our Booking Conditions. You should also read our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use from time to time without prior notice by changing them on the Site.
Accuracy of information
We are committed to using all reasonable endeavours to ensure that information on the Site or any other information we provided you with is accurate. However, except to the extent that our Booking Conditions apply, we make no representation or warranty that such information is accurate and up to date or complete and we accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by inaccurate information to the fullest extent permitted by law.
If you find any inaccurate information on the Site please let us know and we will correct it, where we agree, as soon as we can.
Your use of information on this site
All materials on this Site including but not limited to text, software, photographs and graphics are protected by copyright. We, or our licensors, own copyright and/or database rights in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the original content. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part except as provided in these Terms of Use.
You may download information from the Site for your own personal non-commercial use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without our express permission and that of the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyright material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyright material.
Members’ Area
The Thaigolfer.com Members’ Area allows you to manage your bookings online. You can access current and past bookings, pay balances online and update personal details, as well as email and share photos and videos with other members of your group.
In order to access the Members’ Area you will need to create a Member’s Account. You may never use another Member’s Account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Member’s Account and you must keep your password secure. You must notify Thaigolfer.com immediately of any breach of security or unauthorised use of your Member’s Account. Thaigolfer.com will not be liable for any loss caused by any unauthorised use of your Account, but you may be liable for losses of Thaigolfer.com or others due to unauthorised use. We have the right to disable any user ID code or password at any time if in our opinion you have failed to comply with these Terms of Use .
You acknowledge that all information, data, text, photographs, video, messages and other materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted via the Members’ Area, (“Submissions”), are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Submissions originated. This means that you, and not Thaigolfer.com, are entirely responsible for all Submissions that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via the Members’ Area. Thaigolfer.com does not control the Submissions posted via the Members’ Area and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Submissions. You warrant that any Submission complies with these Terms of Use and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. Thaigolfer.com is not liable in any way for any Submissions, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Submissions, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Submissions posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Members’ Area.
You agree not to use the Members’ Area to upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Submissions that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.
You acknowledge that Thaigolfer.com does not pre-screen Submissions but has the right, but not the obligation, in its sole discretion to refuse or remove any Submissions and/or terminate a Member’s Account for uploading such material in violation of these Terms of Use at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
Trade marks
“Thaigolfer.com” and certain of our other logos on this Site are TH registered trade marks of Thaigolfer.com and may not be reproduced without our express permission unless otherwise permitted under these Terms of Use. Other organisations and company names referred to on this Site may be trade marks of their respective owners as indicated.
Links to this and other websites
We provide hyperlinks to other sites which are operated by other organisations. We are not responsible for external websites that link to this Site or which are linked from it. That we include these hyperlinks does not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites or any association with their operators, unless otherwise stated.
We reserve the right at our discretion to prohibit any link from another internet site to materials or information on this Site. Without prejudice to that right, any link to material or information on this Site for which you are responsible must be neither misleading nor deceptive and must fairly indicate Thaigolfer.com as the destination of the link.
Availability of our site
Whilst we are committed to providing you with an excellent service by making our Site available we cannot guarantee that our Site will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Site and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, our Site, router or any other internet-connected device. You are responsible for ensuring that your computer system meets all relevant technical specifications necessary to use our Site and is compatible with our Site. You also understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that any material available for downloading from our Site will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Our liability
Although we hope this Site will be of interest to users (and except to the extent that our Booking Conditions apply) we accept no liability and exclude all warranties, conditions or other terms that might be implied by law in relation to this Site and its content, to the fullest extent that such liability can be excluded by law.
In no event shall we be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of the Site, any information on the Site, any websites linked to the Site and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation, any loss of income, revenue or profits. We accept liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence and responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter that cannot be excluded under Thai law.
General
Thaigolfer.com is a company registered in Thailand. Our registered address is 99/143 Ratchadapisek Road, Chantarakasem, Chatuchak, Bangkok 10900. In the event of any inconsistency between these terms and conditions, our Privacy Policy and our Booking Conditions then the Booking Conditions shall take first precedence, our Privacy Policy shall take second precedence and these Terms of Use shall take third precedence.
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the address at the end of these Terms of Use by email confirmed by post.
Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right. You may not assign or transfer your rights under this Agreement.
You and we agree that Thai law applies to these Terms of Use and that any dispute between us regarding the Site will only be dealt with by the Thai courts.
Problems
If you experience problems with our Site or would like to comment on it, please email us at info@thaigolfer.com.
Updates
We may revise these Terms of Use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site. These Terms of Use were last updated on 1 March 2014.
Member Sign In
Email or Username :
Password :
Forgot your password?
Remember me
Not a Member?
Mobile
Coming Soon! Thaigolfer Mobile (aka mCaddy) to keep your score, track distances, loads of stats about your round and more.
Apple
Android
Social
follow us on Facebook
follow us on Google+
follow us on Twitter
Newsletter
Stay up to date with the Thaigolfer Newsletter.
Our Partners
Press Releases
Mobile
Facebook
Online Tee Times
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Advertise
TOURISM AUTHORITY OF THAILAND License Number: 12/0137Copyright © 2014 Thaigolfer Group Company Limited, All Rights Reserved
Sign In
Please fill out the following form with your login credentials:
username or email *
Password *
Remember me next time
Hint: Forgot your password?. Click