http://thecapitalscot.com/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions – AC Repair North Hollywood – Heating & Restoration Companies
Skip to content
Home
About Us
HVAC Tips
Contact Us
Cleaning and Maintaining your AC unit
Search for:
Home
About Us
HVAC Tips
Contact Us
Cleaning and Maintaining your AC unit
HomeLegal PagesTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
April 20, 2020 Luis Burgher
Last updated: April 20, 2020
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the http://thecapitalscot.com website (the “Service”) operated by Capital Scot - Best HVAC Companies (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Capital Scot - Best HVAC Companies and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Capital Scot - Best HVAC Companies.
Capital Scot - Best HVAC Companies has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Capital Scot - Best HVAC Companies shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Post navigation
Privacy Policy
Search Here
Search for:
Subscribe to me!
Your Name*
Your Email*
Phone
About Us
We seek together the best solution corresponding to your HVAC/Air Conditioning Issues. Our goal is to optimize our products according to your constraints. Our job: support you, guide you, and adapt our products according to your expectations. We support you in your projects, advising you with our experience, our knowledge of your business, our technical expertise, and our know-how.
Latest Blog
Water Restoration Minimizes Damage to Your Property
May 24, 2020
It is continuously advised to leave the fire, and also water damage repair to the professionals. Several things can fail and even just a few that can go right if you decide to take on the task on your own...
Read more
Why It’s Crucial to Hire a Professional Restoration Company
May 24, 2020
Hurricanes, floodings, fires, broken structures, and also dripping appliances can all create significant water harm to your residence. Water injury can influence timber, drywall, carpeting, plaster as well as more. The wetness that permeates into your home can mildew as...
Read more
The Importance of Correct Air Conditioner Installations in North Hollywood
May 6, 2020
The warm is back as well as soon as again; we overcome it by suffocating temperature levels and sticky humidity. Investing in an excellent Air conditioning unit for your residence or workplace is crucial for your convenience. However, heading over...
Read more
Maintain the best way for your air conditioning
April 30, 2020
It takes 20 moments to perform essential maintenance and also is much more than worth the initiative in the perks that it carries. Make an effort to keep your warm pump correctly and wash the air filters, and you are...
Read more
Search Here
Search for:
General Inquiry
+1 713-925-9829
Info@thecapitalscot.com
Categories
HVAC Tips
Copyright © All rights reserved.
Powered by WordPress
|
Trade Line by WEN Themes
Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions