http://thefishy.co.uk/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
Home
Football
Football Season Home
Latest Scores
League Tables
Form Tables
Ton Tables
Top Scorers
Teams
Fixture Lists
Next Week's Fixtures
Football Fixture Calendars
Football Results
Football League Calculator
Grimsby Town
News Index
Features Index
To Hell and Back Book
Season Home
Fixture List
Squad
Player Ratings
League Two Fixtures
League Two Results
League Two Table
League Two Calculator
League Two Top Scorers
Reserve Fixtures
Youth Fixtures
Ladies Fixtures
Squad Statistics
Top Scorers
The Bread-Winners
Player Stopwatch
Minutes Per Goal
When Goals Occur
Results Database
Opposition Ladder
Results Records
Club Home
Blundell Park Information
2019-2020 Season
2018-2019 Season
2017-2018 Season
2016-2017 Season
2015-2016 Season
2014-2015 Season
2013-2014 Season
2012-2013 Season
2011-2012 Season
2010-2011 Season
2009-2010 Season
2008-2009 Season
2007-2008 Season
2006-2007 Season
2005-2006 Season
2004-2005 Season
2003-2004 Season
2002-2003 Season
2001-2002 Season
2000-2001 Season
News Feed
Forum Feed
Interactive
Forum
Predict-O-Meter
Contact
Submit an Article
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
This is the privacy notice of The Fishy. In this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to The Fishy. We are company number 11338715 registered in the UK.
Introduction
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you ("personal information") and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, "process" means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our Website immediately.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our Website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at www.knowyourprivacyrights.org
Information you provide us with
We collect personal data when you register to use the Forum and the POM. We will retain your personal data until you request its removal. The personal data we hold includes your name and email address.
We will never sell your data to other companies. We may send you emails such as reminders or alerts to events which occur on the site. We will only do this if you choose to enable these features, which are generally not enabled by default.
If requested we will remove all your personal data and delete your accounts. You can make a request by contacting us at support@thefishy.co.uk.
Information provided on the understanding that it will be shared with a third party
Our Website allows you to post information with a view to that information being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people.
Examples include:
posting a message on our forum
clicking on an icon next to another visitor's message to convey your agreement or disagreement
In posting personal information, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use it.
We do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be displayed or shared.
We do store it, and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any way we decide.
Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no responsibility for their actions at any time.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion, we may agree to your request to delete personal information that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at https://thefishy.co.uk/contact.php.
Complaints regarding content on our Website
Our Website is a publishing medium. Anyone may register and then publish information about himself, herself or some other person.
We attempt to moderate user-generated content, but we are not always able to do so as soon as that content is published.
If you complain about any of the content on our Website, we shall investigate your complaint.
If we feel it is justified or if we believe the law requires us to do so, we shall remove the content while we investigate.
Free speech is a fundamental right, so we have to make a judgment as to whose right will be obstructed: yours, or that of the person who posted the content that offends you.
If we think your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we shall not correspond with you about it.
Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us.
We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you visit any Website. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a Website to provide you with a personalised experience and the Website owner with statistics about how you use the Website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
Your web browser should allow you to delete any you choose. It also should allow you to prevent or limit their use.
Our Website uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.
When you first visit our Website, we ask you whether you wish us to use cookies. If you choose to continue to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
If you prevent their use through your browser settings, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our Website.
We use cookies in the following ways:
to track how you use our Website
to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our Website
to keep you signed in to our forum
to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our site while you complete them
Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our Website are recorded.
We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the software you are using to browse our Website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.
We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our Website and how we perform in providing content to you.
We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services from time to time. If so, then if you have consented to our use of cookies, you may see advertisements for our products and services on other Websites.
Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use.
No such information is personally identifiable to you.
Third party advertising on our Website
Third parties may advertise on our Website. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects information about you when their advertisement is displayed on our Website.
They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts.
We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our Website.
Access to your own information
Access to your personal information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our Website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our Website you may send us a request at support@thefishy.co.uk.
After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our Website, you may contact us at support@thefishy.co.uk.
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Use of site by children
We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by children, nor do we market to children.
If you are under 18, you may use our Website only with consent from a parent or guardian
Encryption of data sent between us
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us.
Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is sent via SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser's URL bar or toolbar.
How you can complain
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if have any complaint then you should tell us by email. Our address is support@thefishy.co.uk.
If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
If you are in any way dissatisfied with how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office. This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
to provide you with the services you have requested;
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;
to support a claim or defence in court.
Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we would like to hear from you.
However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our Website.
Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our Website on the day you use our Website. We advise you to print a copy for your records.
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at support@thefishy.co.uk.