http://thehuddle.com/site/help.php
Help With The Huddle Site
Help With The Huddle Site
1.6k
shares
share
tweet
pin
sms
send
email
I am having difficulties resetting my password for the site or I am not getting the password reset email.
Please contact our Support Team using the form below and someone from The Huddle Support Team will reply shortly to assist you.
I have a question about my credit card order, or I am having trouble placing my order.
If you are a new subscriber please contact our Support Team with your questions in the form below.
I would like to see my account, auto-renew status or credit card information.
Please sign into The Huddle site and navigate to myHUDDLE. You will find your information on both the Account Information and Payment Information pages.
I would like to update my auto-renew status or credit card information.
For any account or credit card updates please sign into The Huddle site and go to your Payment Information page in myHUDDLE.
For any additional questions, you may contact our Support Team using the form below.
I have a question about canceling my membership to The Huddle and getting a refund.
Subscriptions to The Huddle can be canceled and a full refund received within 30 days of your purchase date. Please contact our Support Team with any questions or requests in regards to cancelations and/or refunds using the form below.
I am having trouble signing into The Huddle site.
The site username and password you created are case sensitive. Make sure you are entering the values correctly and with the proper letter case. You will find links for recovering your username and resetting your password on the login screen, or you can click here to recover your username or click here to reset your password.
Try signing in from a different location on the site.  We recommend going to the home page and clicking on the “Sign In” link in the header of the page to the left of the site search.
It may be necessary for you to delete your browser’s temporary files (cache) and cookies, then restart your browser, or restart your computer.
If you are still having trouble please contact our Support Team using the form below.
I have forgotten my site username and/or password.
You will find links for recovering your username and resetting your password on the login screen, or you can click here to recover your username or click here to reset your password.
I would like to change my HUDDLE MEMBERSHIP email address.
Once signed into The Huddle site you can go to your Account Information or to your Email Preferences in myHUDDLE to change your email address.
I would like to change my site login username.
You can not change your username at this time.
I would like to change my site login password.
Once signed into The Huddle site in you can go to your Account Information in myHUDDLE to change your password or click here to reset your password.
I cannot use the message board.
The message boards are open to the public and are not tied to your Huddle subscription or login. You will need to register at the message boards in order to login and post messages.
If you have registered for the message boards your password will be emailed to you. Use that password to access the message boards. Once there you may change it by going to the “My Controls” area of the message boards.
If you continue to have problems with the message board, please contact us to inform us using the form below.
I have a different problem.
Please use the form below and provide a detailed description of the problem you are having. Someone from The Huddle Support Team will reply shortly to assist you.
Support Team Contact Form
1.6k
shares
share
tweet
pin
sms
send
email
Members Only
You must be a Huddle Member to continue reading this selection. Members enjoy full access to all our premium features, including cheat sheets, sleepers, player rankings, draft tools, and more. Don't be left in the dark!
Create an Account
Sign In
Member Benefits…
Join The Huddle for full access.
Your #1 source for fantasy football information
Cheat sheets
Sleepers
Player Rankings
Draft Tools
24/7 Updates
Create an Account
Fantasy Statistics
Season-to-Date Stats
Weekly Stats
Fantasy Box Scores
Strength of Schedule Tool
Team Position Rankings
Team Position Ranks Matchups
Game Stats Matchups
Schedule: Team-by Week Grid
Schedule: Weekly Grid
Schedule: Bye Weeks
View All…
Player Movement
2020 fantasy depth charts
2020 top free-agent tracker
2020 player movement tracker
2020 coaching change tracker
Fantasy Resources
2020 fantasy depth charts
2020 NFL Draft results: by round
2020 NFL Draft results: by team
2020 NFL Draft results: by position
Huddle Forums
Fantasy Football Forum
Fantasy Advice Forum
IDP Forum
Find a League/Owner Forum
View All…
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights/Privacy Policy
Do No Sell My Info/Cookie Policy
About The Huddle
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Show More Information
Home
Follow us…
Draft Guide
Cheat Sheets
Fantasy football projections
Top 200 Overall
Top 200 PPR
Top 200 QB Heavy
10-Team Auction Cheat Sheet
12-Team Auction Cheat Sheet
Keeper/Dynasty Cheat Sheet
Inseason
Fantasy Football Player Rankings / Projections
Fantasy Football Cheat Sheets
DFS - Daily Fantasy Football
NFL Game Predictions and Picks
Fantasy Football Start/Bench Tool
All Tools and Articles (by day)
News
Top fantasy football news
QB news and notes
RB news and notes
WR news and notes
TE news and notes
Stats
Season-to-Date (by position)
Weekly (by position)
Fantasy Box Scores
Strength of Schedule Tool
Team Position Rankings
Team Position Ranks Matchup
Game Statistics Matchup
Teams
AFC East
Buffalo Bills
Miami Dolphins
New England Patriots
New York Jets
AFC North
Baltimore Ravens
Cleveland Browns
Cincinnati Bengals
Pittsburgh Steelers
AFC South
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Jacksonville Jaguars
Tennessee Titans
AFC West
Denver Broncos
Kansas City Chiefs
Las Vegas Raiders
Los Angeles Chargers
NFC East
Dallas Cowboys
New York Giants
Philadelphia Eagles
Washington FT
NFC North
Chicago Bears
Detroit Lions
Green Bay Packers
Minnesota Vikings
NFC South
Atlanta Falcons
Carolina Panthers
New Orleans Saints
Tampa Bay Bucs
NFC West
Arizona Cardinals
Los Angeles Rams
San Francisco 49ers
Seattle Seahawks
Players
Fantasy Football NFL Depth Charts
Forums
NFL Draft
NFL betting picks and tips
Place bet at BetMGM
About
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights/Privacy Policy
Do No Sell My Info/Cookie Policy
About The Huddle
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Subscribe
Sign In
Help