https://thesurfexperience.eu/privacy-policy
TSE /
Privacy Policy
TSE The Surf Experience is a surf camp that provides private customers with surf holidays in a camp and operates with tse.surf. The Services include but are not limited to surf lessons, surf guiding, yoga, sup tours, climbing and other activities.
In this policy, we use the term “Personal Data” both for the personal data as it is defined in the European legislation and for Personally Identifiable Information (PII). We only collect Personal Data required to:
fullfill the contract with our customers,
comply with applicable laws and regulations,
protect our rights.
Personal Data we Collect
Access to the TSE website is basically free. Registration is generally not required.
Personal data are collected as far as they are necessary for one of the purposes described above. This is the case, for example, if you want to request information, or submit a booking.
Individual information: Users may provide Personal Data such as an email address, a name, or similar in order to send a contact request or to book with us.
User data: Users of our Services may give us Personal Data related to them or belonging to them to one of our Services. In this case, we act as a Data Controller in relation to this Personal Data and we process this Personal Data on behalf of the user solely for the purpose of providing the Service to the user.
Billing: For paying customers, our payment service providers may collect and store billing addresses and credit card information on our behalf. In avoidance of doubt, TSE The Surf Experience does not collect any credit card information itself – this process is fully outsourced to our payment service providers.
Browser data: We may collect standard website visitor information supplied by your browser (e.g. your operating system, the browser you are using, IP addresses, language settings). This information is dependent of the type of the device, browser and the settings you are using.
Other usage statistics: Besides browser data, we may collect statistics how registered users use or interact with website in order to maintain and improve our services. This usage data does not include user data as described above.
How Do we Use the Collected Personal Data
TSE The Surf Experience will use the collected information to provide the Service to the customer and continuously improve them. TSE The Surf Experience does not resell any Personal Data to any third-party.
Any personal information used to monitor the usage of our Sites and improve our Service is anonymized and aggregated.
Cookies
Our websites use so-called “cookies” in various places. These are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and do not contain any viruses. Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit to our website. If you wish to be informed about the use of cookies by your browser or if you wish to exclude or confirm the use of cookies in individual cases, you should activate the corresponding browser settings.
By using our Sites you consent to cookies used for collecting the data on the user’s visits and/or for advertisement purposes by the following third-party services:
Google Analytics
Facebook
Youtube
You can always turn cookies off if you like. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Legal
Limitation of liability for internal content
The content of our website has been compiled with meticulous care and to the best of our knowledge. However, we cannot assume any liability for the up-to-dateness, completeness or accuracy of any of the pages.
We as service providers are liable for our own content on these pages in accordance with general laws. However, pursuant to sections 8 to 10 of the TMG, we as service providers are not under obligation to monitor external information provided or stored on our website. Once we have become aware of a specific infringement of the law, we will immediately remove the content in question. Any liability concerning this matter can only be assumed from the point in time at which the infringement becomes known to us.
Limitation of liability for external links
Our website contains links to the websites of third parties (“external links”). As the content of these websites is not under our control, we cannot assume any liability for such external content. In all cases, the provider of information of the linked websites is liable for the content and accuracy of the information provided. At the point in time when the links were placed, no infringements of the law were recognizable to us. As soon as an infringement of the law becomes known to us, we will immediately remove the link in question.
Copyright
The content and works published on this website are governed by the copyright laws of Portugal. Any duplication, processing, distribution or any form of utilization beyond the scope of copyright law shall require the prior written consent of the author or authors in question.
Your Choices
You may always refuse to supply Personal Data, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. In accordance with the applicable legal provisions, we will be happy to inform you of the personal data we hold about you. Please contact TSE The Surf Experience with your request for information. Please note that you must prove your identity before receiving this information.
You may always request to delete your Personal Data at contact@thesurfexperience.eu .
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You can always find the up to date version of the Privacy Policy on our Site. We undertake to inform our customers regarding updates of this Privacy Policy in our newsletters or e-mails.
Contact
Please don’t hesitate to contact us at contact@thesurfexperience.eu  if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or regarding other privacy-related manners.
©2020 TSE, THE SURF EXPERIENCE, LDA -
Vila Catarina Funchal - 8600 - 310 Lagos,
Portugal - PT 508510287 - Privacy Policy
By visiting this website you agree to the use of cookies and to our Privacy Policy.
AGREE