https://thesportsdaily.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
shares
share
tweet
pin
sms
send
email
The Sports Daily knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers The Sports Daily’s treatment of personal information that we gathers when you are on any of the The Sports Daily websites and when you use our services. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that The Sports Daily does not own or control, or to individuals that The Sports Daily does not employ or manage.
Information Collected by The Sports Daily: We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with this objective. We collect the following types of information from our users:
1. Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
2. Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. The Sports Daily and its authorized agents automatically receive and record certain “traffic data” on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, The Sports Daily cookie information, and the page you requested. The Sports Daily uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends and administer the website.
The Sports Daily may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed. Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While The Sports Daily will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
E-mail Communications: The Sports Daily is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the “Sharing Your Information” section below. The Sports Daily may send out e-mails with The Sports Daily-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions.
Cookies: Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. The Sports Daily cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use some of The Sports Daily’s coolest features.
The Sports Daily’s advertising partners may place a cookie on your browser that makes it possible to collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information that ad delivery systems use to present more relevant ads.  If you would prefer to opt-out of this standard practice, please visit our advertising partner Platform-A’s privacy policy and opt-out page.
Sharing Your Information: Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below.
The Sports Daily Personnel: The Sports Daily’s personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of The Sports Daily’s business.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if The Sports Daily, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
Protection of The Sports Daily and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of The Sports Daily, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Syndication: The Sports Daily allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the The Sports Daily Network websites.
With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.
Children Under 18 Years of Age: You must be 13 years and older to register to use any of The Sports Daily’s websites. As a result, The Sports Daily does not specifically collect information about children. If we learn that The Sports Daily has collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We recommend that minors between the ages of 13 and 18 ask and receive their parents’ permission before using The Sports Daily or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy: The Sports Daily may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the The Sports Daily Network websites so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
Conditions of Use: If you decide to visit any of The Sports Daily’s websites, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of New Jersey state law.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy: This Privacy Policy is effective as of 1/1/2017 and last updated 1/1/2017.
shares
share
tweet
pin
sms
send
email
Featured Story
The cost of an organized front office
Trending Now
Are Rockets worried about James Harden's absence at camp?
Hot Reads
No spectators allowed at Rose Bowl on New Year's Day
Take a Look
Indians trade relief pitcher Adam Cimber to Marlins
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Privacy Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
More Information
Home
Follow us…
NFL
AFC East
Bills
Dolphins
Jets
Patriots
AFC North
Bengals
Browns
Ravens
Steelers
AFC South
Colts
Jaguars
Texans
Titans
AFC West
Broncos
Chargers
Chiefs
Raiders
NFC East
Cowboys
Eagles
Giants
Washington Football Team
NFC North
Bears
Lions
Packers
Vikings
NFC South
Buccaneers
Falcons
Panthers
Saints
NFC West
49ers
Cardinals
Rams
Seahawks
General
Guru QB
Road to Sunday
NBA
FEATURED
Cowbell Kingdom
Red's Army
Atlantic
76ers
Celtics
Knicks
Nets
Raptors
Central
Bucks
Bulls
Cavaliers
Pacers
Pistons
Southeast
Hawks
Heat
Hornets
Magic
Wizards
Northwest
Jazz
Nuggets
Thunder
Timberwolves
Trailblazers
Southwest
Grizzlies
Mavericks
Pelicans
Rockets
Spurs
Pacific
Clippers
Kings
Lakers
Suns
Warriors
General
Hoops Manifesto
The Lottery Mafia
MLB
FEATURED
Pirates Breakdown
AL East
Blue Jays
Orioles
Rays
Red Sox
Yankees
AL Central
Indians
Royals
Tigers
Twins
White Sox
AL West
Angels
Astros
Athletics
Mariners
Rangers
NL East
Braves
Marlins
Mets
Nationals
Phillies
NL Central
Brewers
St. Louis Cardinals
Cubs
Pirates
Reds
NL West
Diamondbacks
Dodgers
Giants
Padres
Rockies
General
Chin Music Baseball
Hall of Very Good
NHL
FEATURED
NHL Shout
The Pensblog
The Oilers Rig
Atlantic
Sabres
Senators
Metropolitan
Blue Jackets
Devils
Islanders
Penguins
Rangers
Central
Blues
Wild
Pacific
Kings
Oilers
General
Barry Melrose Rocks
COMBAT
BOXING
MMA
MMA Manifesto
Undercard Superstar
PRO WRESTLING
The Floor Seat
From the Top Rope
MORE
CULTURE
GOLF
HEALTH & FITNESS
MEDIA
Fang's Bites
NCAA
North Dakota
Penn State
RACING
SOCCER
SPORTS BETTING
TENNIS
REGIONAL
Left Coast Sports
Motor City Daily
Total Sports Live
T Town Sports
CONTACT
ABOUT
ADVERTISE
WE'RE HIRING
PARTNER SITES
Bloguin Media Group
Sports Media 101
Boston Sports Extra
Sports Book List
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Privacy Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP