http://thundervalleyracing.com/privacy-policy
NEWS
Top Stories
Editor's Notebooks
Breaking News
Race Reports
Archive
Press Releases
For Journalists
RACERSCHEDULES
RACERPROFILES
Submit A Racer Profile
Update Your Profile
Featured Racer
Challenge SeriesProfile Submission
EVENTS
FORUM
Email Notices
SHOPPING
RESOURCES
Racing Websites
Sponsorship
Volunteers
For Journalists
ABOUT TVR
CONTACT
Volunteers
Founders Archive
Privacy Policy
What
this Privacy Policy Covers
This
policy covers how Thunder Valley treats personal information that
it collects and receives. Personal information is information about
you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email
address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Thunder
Valley collects personal information when you sign up for an email
group, submit a driver profile, press release, news story, offer
or receive a sponsorship, or list your racer website with us. When
you sign up for such services we ask for information such as your
name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry,
and personal interests.
Thunder
Valley automatically receives and records information on our server
logs from your browser, including your IP address, and the page
you request. Thunder Valley uses information to provide your requests
for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct
research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external
clients.
Information
Sharing and Disclosure
Thunder
Valley does not rent, sell, or share personal information about
you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide
the services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or
under the following circumstances: to provide the information to
trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Thunder Valley under
confidentiality agreements, to respond to subpoenas, court orders,
or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or
defend against legal claims; or if we believe it is necessary to
share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving
potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise
required by law.
Cookies
Thunder
Valley does use cookies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Thunder
Valley may update this policy. We will notify you about significant
changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice
to the email address specified in your submission or by placing
a prominent notice on our site.
Questions
and Suggestions
If
you have questions or suggestions, please contact us.
© 2020 Thunder Valley Racing - All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy | Copyright | Permissions | Site Map