http://torontodarts.com/utility/terms.html
Acceptance of Terms of Use for Torontodarts.com
Home
Darts/Supplies
Venues
Ajax
Aurora
Brampton
Etobicoke
Markham
Mississauga
Newmarket
Oshawa
Pickering
Scarborough
Toronto
Whitby
Feat. Bars
3 Monkeys Pub
A.C. Ranch Cafè & Bar
Boo Radley's Bar
Classic Q
Duke of Gloucester
Fox & Fiddle Leaside
Gabby's Pub
Le Spot Billiards
Mayday Malone's
On Cue Billiards
Scotland Yard Pub
News
Newsletter
Leagues
Tournaments
King Of The Hill Series
King Of The Hill Cricket
Queen Of The Hill Series
Queen of the Hill Cricket
Weekly Blind Draws
Local Tournaments
Weekly Singles Shoots
Tools
Dart Videos
Cricket Strategy
Dart Etiquette
Hanging A Dartboard
Dartboard Lighting
Bad Habits
Forum
Free Contests
Ontario Zone Shoots
Dart Links
View Newsletter Online
News Archives
Site Map
Contact
Advertise
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Torontodarts.com owns and operates this Web, located at http://www.torontodarts.com/ (the website). This Terms of Use
Agreement (this Agreement) states the terms and conditions under which you may access and use the website. By accessing
and using the website you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If
you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must not access or use the website.
If you are dissatisfied with the terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines or practices of the
Torontodarts.com operating website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using it.
Torontodarts.com may revise this Agreement at any time by updating this posting. Use of the website after such changes
are posted will signify your agreement to these revised terms. You should visit this page periodically to review this
Agreement.
Ownership
All materials displayed or otherwise accessible through the website, including, without limitation, news articles,
text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, and computer code (collectively, the Content) are
protected under Canadian and foreign copyright or other laws, and are owned by Torontodarts.com, its licensors or the
party accredited as the provider of the Content. In addition, the website is protected under copyright law as a
collective work and/or compilation pursuant to Canadian and foreign laws. You shall abide by all additional copyright
notices, information and restrictions on or contained in any of the Content accessed through the website.
Any use, reproduction, alteration, modification, public performance or display, uploading or posting onto the
internet, transmission, redistribution or other exploitation of the website or of any content, whether in whole or in
part, other than expressly set out herein, is prohibited without the express written permission of Torontodarts.com.
Trademarks
Torontodarts.com is an official mark or trademark of Torontodarts.com. Other names, words, titles, phrases, logos,
designs, graphics, icons and trademarks displayed on the website may constitute registered or unregistered trademarks
of Torontodarts.com or third parties. While certain trademarks of third parties may be used by Torontodarts.com under
license, the display of third-party trademarks on the website should not be taken to imply any relationship or license
between Torontodarts.com and the owner of said trademark or to imply that Torontodarts.com endorses the wares, services
or business of the owner of said trademark. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting you any
license or right to use any trademark logo or design of Torontodarts.com or any third party, without the written
permission of Torontodarts.com or the respective owner of any third-party trademark.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The website and all content is provided as is. By accessing and using the website you acknowledge and agree that
use of the website and the content is entirel at your own risk. Torontodarts.com makes no representations or warranties
regarding the website and the content, including, without limitation, no representation or warranty:
that the website and/or content will be accurate, complete, reliable, suitable or timely;
that any content, including, without limitation, any information, data, product or service contained in or
made available through the website will be of merchantable quality or fit for a particular purpose;
that the operation of the website will be uninterrupted or error free;
that defects or errors in the website will be corrected;
that the website will be free from viruses or harmful components; and
that communications to or from the website will be secure or not intercepted
Limitation of Liability
Subject to applicable law, in no event shall Torontodarts.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors
or their respective successors and assigns, be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of
any kind, including, without limitation, any loss or damages in the nature of or relating to lost business, lost savings,
lost data and/or lost profits, regardless of the cause and whether arising in contract (including fundamental breach),
tort (including negligence) or otherwise. The foregoing limitation shall apply even if Torontodarts.com knew or ought
to have known of the possibility of such damages.
In no event shall Torontodarts.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors or their respective successors
and assigns, be liable for any loss or damage arising from the failure of Torontodarts.com or your failure to protect your
password or acocunt information.
Torontodarts.com expressly disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions or conduct of any third-party user of the website or any advertiser
or sponsore of the website (collectively, third-party user). Under no circumstances shall Torontodarts.com and its officers, directors, employees, agents,
licensors or their respective successors and assigns, be liable for any injury, loss, damage (including special, indirect, incidental or consequential
damages) or expense arising in any manner whatsoever from (i) the acts, omissions or conduct of any third-party user; and (ii) any use or inability to use
any materials, content, goods or services located at or made available at any website linked to or from the website.
If you decide to access or use any linked website or content, materials, goods or services from a website linked to the website, you do so entirely
at your own risk.
You hereby release Torontodarts.com and its officers, directors, employees, agents and their respective successors and assigns, from any damages
that you incur, and agree not to assert any claims against them, arising from your purchase or use of any products or services made available through
the website or by third parties through the website.
No Advice
The information contained on the website is for informational and educational purposes only. It is not intended
to provide factual or absolute advice to you and you should not rely upon the information to provide any such advice.
Linking
The website contains links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you
and not as an endorsement by Torontodarts.com of the contents of such third-party websites. Torontodarts.com is
not responsible for the content of any third-party website, nor does it make any representation or warranty of
any kind regarding any third-party website including, without limitation:
any representation or warranty regarding the legality, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness,
suitability of any content on any third-party website;
any representation or warranty regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of
any material, content, software, goods or services located at or made available through such third-party
websites; or
any representation or warranty that the operation of the third-party websites will be uninterrupted
or error free, that defects or errors in such third-party websites will be corrected or that such third-party
websites will be free from viruses or other harmful components.
While Torontodarts.com encourages links to the website, it does not wish to be linked to or from any
third-party website which:
contains, posts or transmits any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libellous, defamatory, obscene,
vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including, without limitation, any
content constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability or otherwise violate any local, state, provincial, national or international law, regulation
which may be damaging or detrimental to the activities, operations, credibility or integrity of Torontodarts.com
or which contains, posts or transmits any material or information of any kind which promotes racism, bigotry,
hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, could be harmful to minors, harasses or
advocates harassment of another person, provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual
or violent manner, provides instructional information about illegal activities, including, without limitation,
the making or buying of illegal weapons; or
contains, posts or transmits any information, software or other material which violates or infringes
upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights, or which is
protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. Torontodarts.com reserves the right to prohibit
or refuse to accept any link to the website, including, without limitation, any link which contains or makes
available any content or information of the foregoing nature, at any time. You agree to remove any link you
may have to the website upon the request of Torontodarts.com.
Submissions
The website may provide features that allow you to post messages and content, to interact with Torontodarts.com
and other users and to upload files, documents or other materials (collectively, Submissions). When using any
of the features of the website which allow you to post, upload or make Submissions, it is a condition of your
use of the website that you observe the rules of netiquette and that you do not:
restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the website, interfere or attempt to interfere
with the proper workings of the site or do anything which in the sole discretion of Torontodarts.com imposes an
unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Torontodarts.com website infrastructure;
post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libellous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic,
profane or indecent information of any kind, including, without limitation, any Submission constituting or encouraging
conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local,
state, provincial, national or international law or regulation;
post or transmit any Submission, including, without limitation, articles, images, stories, software or
other material, which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of
privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by any intellectual property rights, including, without limitation,
copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark or other proprietary rights herein, or derivative works with respect
thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or rights holder;
post or transmit any Submission that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against
any group or individual, could be harmful to minors, harasses or advocates harassment of another person, provides
material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, provides instructional information
about illegal activities, including, without limitation, the making or buying of illegal weapons;
post or submit any Submission which solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or
unlawful purposes from other users;
post or transmit any Submission which contains a virus or other harmful component, or provides or creates
computer viruses;
post or transmit junk mail, chain letters, unsolicited mass mailing or spam; or
use the website for commercial purposes, including, without limitation, posting, uploading or
transmitting any Submissions which contain advertising or which engage in commercial activities and/or sales, or
which involve contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and/or pyramid schemes.
By posting or uploading Submissions to the website, you grant Torontodarts.com a royalty-free, perpetual,
non-exclusive, irrevocable, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
use, reproduce, store, adapt, translate, modify, make derivative works from, transmit, distribute, publicly
perform or display such Submissions for any purpose; and
to sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights.
In addition to the grant of the above license, you hereby:
agree to waive all moral rights in any Submission in favour of Torontodarts.com;
consent to your name, address and e-mail appearing as the contributor of any Submission, where applicable,
and to the disclosure and/or display of such information and any other information which appears in or is associated
with a Submission;
acknowledge and agree that Torontodarts.com is not responsible for any loss, damage, or corruption that
may occur to your Submissions; and
acknowledge and agree that any Submissions you provide for display on the website will be considered
non-confidential.
Torontodarts.com may review Submissions before they are posted. Torontodarts.com may refuse to post any Submission to the website. Torontodarts.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to edit or remove any Submission, whether or not the Submission is in violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable. You acknowledge and agree that Torontodarts.com may, in its sole discretion, monitor the website periodically and disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental or Court request, to operate the website properly or to protect itself or other users of the website. Any such disclosure shall be in accordance with Torontodarts.com's Privacy Policy.
Torontodarts.com is not responsible for the content of any Submission. Submissions represent the views and opinions of the person(s) posting the Submission and do not represent the views or opinions of Torontodarts.com. You should be aware that when you share personal information in public areas of our web sites, such as chat rooms, discussion groups or bulletin boards, this information might be seen and used by others. We urge you to use good judgment when sharing yours or others personal information in these forums. We reserve the right to use all e-mail addresses submitted in contest entries or by any other means in our various e-mails, including but not limited to: event reminder messages, newsletters, special offers and promotions.
While Torontodarts.com is under no obligation to investigate any complaint regarding any Submission, it may, in its sole discretion, investigate complaints and take any actions it deems appropriate in the circumstances, including, without limitation, removing the offending communication from the website and terminating the submitting party's right to access and use the website (or any portion thereof).
Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
It is the policy of Torontodarts.com to respond to claims of intellectual property infringement. Torontodarts.com will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take any actions, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate. Notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to http://www.torontodarts.com/contact_toronto_darts.html. To be effective, the notification of infringement must be a written communication that includes the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law and;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Torontodarts.com and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and their respective successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses whatsoever, including, without limitation, legal fees and disbursements resulting directly or indirectly from:
your breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
your access, use or inability to access or use the website or any website to which the website is or may be linked to from time to time;
your use of, reliance on, publication, communication or distribution, uploading or downloading of anything on or from the website; and/or
your violation of any law or regulation.
Registration
To use certain features of the website, you may be asked to register with the website. You agree
to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and
to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If Torontodarts.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Torontodarts.com has the right to suspend or terminate your access to and use of the website (or any portion thereof). Torontodarts.com's use of any personally identifying information you provide as part of the registration process is governed by the terms of Torontodarts.com's Privacy Policy.
Passwords
To use certain features of the website, you may also need a username and password, which you will receive through the Website registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to notify Torontodarts.com immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Torontodarts.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Torontodarts.com's failure or your failure to protect your password or account information.
Security
Please note that information sent or received over the Internet is generally unsecure and Torontodarts.com cannot and does not make any representation or warranty concerning security of any communication to or from the website or any representation or warranty regarding the interception by third parties of personal or other information.
Termination
Torontodarts.com may at any time, without notice, in its sole discretion and without cause, terminate your right to access or use the website, (or any portion thereof). Torontodarts.com may also terminate your right to access and use the website, or any part of the website, if you breach any term or condition of this Agreement.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The website (excluding linked websites) is controlled by Torontodarts.com from its offices within the Province of Ontario, Canada. By accessing or using the website, you agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, the website and/or the Content shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. You agree and hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Court of Canada and/or the courts of the Province of Ontario with respect to such matters. You agree that the provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.
General
Any consent by Torontodarts.com to, or waiver of, a breach of this Agreement which you have committed, whether express or implied, shall not constitute a consent to, or waiver of, any other, different or subsequent breach. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any right or obligation hereunder. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, it shall be severed and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force without being invalidated in any way. This Agreement is not intended to create a partnership, joint venture, or agency relationship between the parties. Except for any agreements with Torontodarts.com that expressly reference this Agreement, this is the entire agreement between you and Torontodarts.com relating to the matters contained herein.
Receive our newsletter and win!
Every two months or so we send out our newsletter that's packed with local darting news, tournament dates and lots of free stuff.
Click here to sign up!
ADVERTISEMENT
We're on Facebook & Twitter!
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter and keep up to date with everything in the world of Toronto Darts!
ADVERTISEMENT
Privacy Policy |
Terms Of Use |
Contact Us |
Advertise With Us
Copyright©
Torontodarts.com. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of this website and its contents, in part or in whole, is strictly forbidden and protected by copyright.