https://torquayunited.com/privacy-policy/
LIVESTREAM
TUFC Radio
CLUB SHOP & 20/21 KITS
Official TUFC TV
December 12 2020 15:00:00 GMT+0000
Next Match
Days
Hrs
Mins
Welcome
Forgot password?
Not a member? Join today
https://torquayunited.com/wp-login.php?action=logout&redirect_to=https%3A%2F%2Ftorquayunited.com&_wpnonce=a16f150549
Privacy Policy
This website, www.torquayunited.com (“Site”) is owned and operated by Torquay United.
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This privacy policy (“Policy“) describes the types of personal data you provide and/or we collect via your use of the Site, what we may do with that personal data and your rights. ‘Personal data’ is defined in the DPA and is essentially information from which an individual person can be identified. By submitting information and/or continuing to use the Site, you signify your consent to us using your personal data in accordance with the below.
We may need to change the terms of this Policy from time to time and changes will be posted on this page (and/or where appropriate, otherwise notified to you). Your continued use of the Site will be deemed to be acceptance of amendments we make.
How we use your personal data
We request that the information you provide is as accurate as possible as this allows us to secure your privacy by differentiating you from others, and creating a “profile” for you so that we can provide a personalised service when you visit the Site and/or we send you emails. Periodically we may send you an email asking you to “Update your Details”.
The only item of personal data that it is obligatory to provide to receive information from us is your email address. However, the more you tell us about yourself, the more we can tailor our communication to your needs. Use of services accessed through the Site may require you to provide further or specific types of information.
We use information about you for five primary purposes:
I.To perform the services you have requested, such as sending you our newsletters and other information about us and its competitions. The type of information we may use might include, for example, your name, address, email address, date of birth, telephone number and card or other payment details in relation to goods or services you purchase from us through the Site or otherwise. We will NEVER share your financial information with other third parties for any reason other than processing transactions, fraud and credit risk protection, unless we have your explicit consent.
II.To enable you to participate in chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups on the Site on which you can post information and, where we deem necessary, to respond to any such posts you make. Information you post in these areas may become public information and must always comply with our Terms and Conditions
III.To alert you to other information, including offers and promotions, relating to us and/or (except where you have indicated otherwise) commercial partners. See below heading ‘Marketing Information‘ for more information about this. For example, such information may include newsletters, offers, promotions, occasional surveys and other communications of potential interest from us.
IV.To carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer. Your feedback is valued and helps to shape the products and services we offer. You will have the right to opt-out of receiving or participating in our surveys at any time.
V.To manage and improve the Site and allow you to use the features offered by the Site. Information we use for this purpose may include (for example) that about your computer and, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We may also supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations such as our commercial partners, group companies.
In addition, we reserve the right to perform statistical analysis of user behaviour and characteristics to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site and to ascertain the number of users that have visited particular web pages. We also keep track of what you do with our newsletters when you receive them for trends and statistics and to evaluate the efficiency of our newsletter and information service. We may provide aggregated and anonymised data (not identifying any individual) only from these analyses to third parties.
Marketing Information
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to third-parties without your consent, except only as set out in the ‘Disclosing (Sharing) Your Information‘ section below.
From time-to-time we,  (if you have agreed to receive their information when you provided your personal information) would like to contact you to tell you more about the offers, services, products and other initiatives available to you.
We and/or our commercial partners will only contact you by electronic means if you have consented to this. However, if you are an existing customer (and have not opted out) we may contact you by electronic means about services, products and initiatives similar to those you have previously received or enquired about (unless you have chosen not to receive such electronic communications).
If, at any time after registering, you would like to change your preference and opt-in or opt-out from receiving communications from us or third-parties you can do this at any time by changing your preferences on your personal profile page, which is accessible from all of our emails.
Cookies
The Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small file containing an identity code. With your consent, your computer accepts the cookie and stores it. When you next visit the Site, the code is retrieved, allowing an individual visitor or computer to be recognised. Full information on which cookies we deploy is available in our Cookie Policy.
We are not responsible or liable for the content, privacy policies or services offered by websites other than the Site, including those which link from the Site (with the exception of the Club PlayerHD service. We encourage you to read and familiarise yourself with the privacy policies, terms and conditions and/or other notices on other websites you visit.
Children and Young People
We realise and understand that children and young people under 18 (“minors“) may visit the Site, or otherwise interact with us and our commercial partners. It is our policy:
I.to encourage all minors to consult with their parents or legal guardian before submitting any content or information to us, our commercial partners or other third parties. Users of the Site, or certain services on it, who indicate they are a minor may be asked to provide a valid email address for their parent or guardian so that we may verify parental consent, where required;
II.not to make a minor’s participation in our activity contingent on the child disclosing any more personal information than is reasonably necessary in order to do so. Anyone known to be a minor may be allowed to participate in certain competitions and promotions, but notification of a win or prize will be sent directly to the parent or legal guardian identified in the initial registration process. Publication of a winning minor’s personal details will require parental or legal guardian consent;
III.not to actively market to minors; and
IV.not use (or pass to any third party) personal information on persons known to be minors for any commercial purposes.
Some of the facilities or functions accessible through the Site (including betting facilities advertised or accessed through it) are not intended to be accessible by, nor are they actively advertised to, minors.
Parents or legal guardians should supervise minors when online and we recommend parental control tools be put in place. Any minor using the Site and services offered is confirming that they have received the consent of their parent or a guardian to do so.
Storing and retaining your personal data
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal data, which is held in secure data centres in the United Kingdom in accordance with current legislative requirements, industry standards and technology. We will keep the personal data you have provided for as long as we have a relationship with you; once that relationship has ended we will retain it in accordance with this Policy only for as long as we reasonably require and it will then be deleted and destroyed.
Some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information (including, but not limited to, our commercial partners) may be situated outside of the European Economic Area, in countries which may not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom, though we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your information is still properly protected.
Security
Once your personal data is received we store it as set out in this Policy. Financial information you provide through the Club PlayerHD service is also encrypted for additional security.
We cannot guarantee the complete security of our databases, nor that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
If we have given you a password to access certain parts of the Site, you are solely responsible for keeping the password safe and make sure you use a secure browser.
Disclosure (sharing) of your information
We have already described in the ‘Marketing Information‘ section of this Policy under what circumstances your personal information may be shared with our commercial and official partners, if you have agreed.
In addition, there are some other reasons why we may disclose your personal information to third parties and these are as follows:
·to other companies within our corporate group ;
·to appoint other organisations to carry out some data processing activities on our behalf. For example, mailing services, payment processing, hosting service providers, and to check your details against the Telephone Preference Service;
·If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about customers will be one of the transferred assets;
·If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply of any of the services provided by us (for example our ground regulations) and other agreements; and/or
·to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our commercial partners, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we share your personal information with third parties we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is properly protected and processed in accordance with this Policy.
Update and Amend Your Personal Information:
You have the right to ask that the information we hold about you is corrected by updating/changing your profile preferences or by contacting us as above. We encourage you to update your personal information promptly if it changes.
Opt-out of Being Contacted:
You have the right to ask that we and/or our commercial partners stop contacting you by clicking the relevant boxes on the screen upon which you provide information or by contacting us.
Close Your Account/Delete Your Personal Information:
You (and any parent/guardian of a minor) have the right to request that we close your account and/or delete your personal information from our database. We will make all reasonable efforts to comply with this request. However, it may not be possible to delete an entry without some delay and without retaining some residual personal information because of backups and records of deletions (including to ensure we no-longer communicate with you) or because we are required to retain personal information for other lawful requirements.
If you are dissatisfied with our response to any of your data privacy concerns you have the right to raise this with the Office of the Information Commissioner at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Cookies Policy
Introduction
1.1    Our website uses cookies.
1.2    [We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.] OR [By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.]
About cookies
3.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
3.2    Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
3.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
3.4    Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
Our cookies
4.1    We use [only session cookies] OR [only persistent cookies] OR [both session and persistent cookies] on our website.
4.2    The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
(a)    we use [cookie name] to [recognise a computer when a user visits our website] OR [track users as they navigate the website] OR [enable the use of a shopping cart on the website] OR [improve the website’s usability] OR [administer the website] OR [prevent fraud and improve the security of the website] OR [personalise the website for each user] OR [target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users] OR [validate authenticated users sessions] OR [facilitate the use of our website search engine] OR [[specify purpose]].
[additional list items]
Analytics cookies
5.1    We use [Google Analytics] to analyse the use of our website.
5.2    Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
5.3    The analytics cookies used by our website have the following names: [_ga, _gat, __utma, __utmt, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz and __utmv].
5.4    The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
Third party cookies
6.1    Our website also uses third party cookies.
6.2    [We publish Google AdSense interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using the DoubleClick cookie.] OR [We publish Google AdSense advertisements on our website. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using the DoubleClick cookie. This behaviour tracking allows Google to tailor the advertisements you see on other websites to reflect your interests (we do not publish interest-based advertisements on this website).] You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the NAI’s (Network Advertising Initiative’s) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-in available at: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
Blocking cookies
7.1    Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 11) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b)    in Firefox (version 47) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
(c)    in Chrome (version 52), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
7.2    Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
7.3    If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Deleting cookies
8.1    You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
(a)    in Internet Explorer (version 11), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11);
(b)    in Firefox (version 47), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
(c)    in Chrome (version 52), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
8.2    Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Cookie preferences
9.1    You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting: www.torquayunited.com
Our details
10.1  This website is owned and operated by Torquay United .
10.2  We are registered in England and Wales uand our registered office is at Plainmoor, Torquay, Devon, TQ1 3PS.
10.3  Our principal place of business is at Plainmoor, Torquay, Devon, TQ1 3PS.
10.4  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, using the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
(d)    by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time