https://trailrunnermag.com/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Big Stone Publishing TERMS OF USE
1. GENERAL
Big Stone Publishing, Inc. (“BSP”) provides services through its websites including but not limited to www.rockandice.com andwww.trailrunnermag.com, , programs and computer servers, including but not limited to classified advertising, forums, and email forwarding. (All such services are referred to collectively herein as “Big Stone Publishing.”) By accessing or using Big Stone Publishing, you are a “user” and you accept and agree to the terms below (the “Terms of Use” or “TOU”) as a legal contract between you and BSP. The TOU include and incorporate additional terms (“guidelines”) applicable to particular categories or services available on Big Stone Publishing as set forth to users upon access to such categories or services. BSP may post changes to the TOU at any time, and any such changes will be applicable to all subsequent access to or use of Big Stone Publishing.
If you do not accept and agree to all provisions of the TOU, now or in the future, you may reject the TOU by immediately terminating all access and use of Big Stone Publishing, in which case any continuing access or use of Big Stone Publishing is unauthorized.
You are also required to comply with, and to ensure compliance with, all laws, ordinances and regulations applicable to your activities on Big Stone Publishing.
Big Stone Publishing is intended and designed for users 18 years of age and older, and access or use by anyone younger is not authorized.
The TOU grant you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license to access Big Stone Publishing and use Big Stone Publishing, in whole or in part, including but not limited to BSP intellectual property therein, solely in compliance with the TOU.
“BIG STONE PUBLISHING” and “BSP” are trademarks of BSP and are protected by United States and international laws. The TOU do not authorize you to use “BIG STONE PUBLISHING,” “BSP” or any similar or related marks (including, for example and without limitation, “Trail Runner,” “Rock and Ice,” “TR” and “RI”) for any use pertaining to classified advertising, Internet advertising, social networks, online forums, online communication services or any similar or related use, or any other use that is likely to cause confusion on the part of, to cause mistake by or to deceive the public as to any affiliation, connection, association, origin, sponsorship, approval or endorsement by or with BSP.
2. MODERATION
BSP has the right, but not the obligation, to regulate content (which includes but is not limited to postings, text, code, images, video, binary files, ads, accounts, account information, flags, emails, messages and any other user communications (“content”)) posted to, stored on or transmitted via Big Stone Publishing by any user (or any other third party in any manner); to regulate conduct (including but not limited to any authorized or unauthorized access to or use of Big Stone Publishing) by any user (or any other third party in any manner); and to enforce the TOU, for any reason and in any manner or by any means that BSP, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate (including but not limited to automated and manual screening, blocking, filtering, exclusion from index pages, exclusion from search results, requiring the use of an application programming interface (API), requiring the use of a bulk posting interface, authorization, verification, and the deletion and/or termination of content, accounts and/or all or any use or access). BSP may, in its sole discretion and without notice, start, stop or modify any regulation or enforcement measures at any time. BSP action or inaction to regulate content or conduct or to enforce against any potential violation of the TOU by any user (or any other third party) does not waive BSP’s right to implement or not implement regulation or enforcement measures with respect to any subsequent or similar content, conduct or potential TOU violation.
You also understand and agree that any action or inaction by BSP or any of its directors, officers, stockholders, employees, consultants, agents or representatives (collectively, “BSP Representatives”) to prevent, restrict, redress or regulate content, or to implement other enforcement measures against any content, conduct or potential TOU violation is undertaken voluntarily and in good faith, and you expressly agree that neither BSP nor any BSP Representative shall be liable to you or anyone else for any action or inaction to prevent, restrict, redress, or regulate content, or to implement other enforcement measures against any content, conduct or potential violation of the TOU.
Although BSP Representatives may moderate content, conduct and TOU compliance on Big Stone Publishing at BSP’s discretion, BSP Representatives have no authority to make binding commitments, promises or representations to anyone that they or anyone else on behalf of BSP will “take care” of any alleged problem or complaint, or that they or anyone else on behalf of BSP will otherwise stop, cure or prevent any problem, content, conduct or purported TOU violation from occurring or recurring. Accordingly, you further agree that any representation (written or verbal) by any BSP Representative (or by anyone else acting on behalf of BSP or by anyone purportedly acting on behalf of BSP) that BSP (including but not limited to any BSP Representative, anyone else acting on behalf of BSP, or anyone purportedly acting on behalf of BSP) would or would not prevent, restrict, redress or regulate content (including, without limitation, screen, block, moderate, review, remove, terminate, delete, edit or otherwise stop, cure or exclude any content), or to implement other enforcement measures against any content, conduct or potential or purported TOU violation is superseded by this provision and is nonbinding and unenforceable. Specifically, you agree that BSP, BSP Representatives and anyone else authorized to act on behalf of BSP shall in no circumstance be liable as a result of any representation that BSP, a BSP Representative or anyone else on behalf of BSP would or would not restrict or redress any content, conduct or potential or purported TOU violation. This paragraph may not be modified, waived or released except by a written agreement, dated and signed by BSP’s Chief Executive Officer and dated and signed by the individual or entity to whom the modification, waiver or release is granted.
BSP also has the right in its sole discretion to limit, modify, interrupt, suspend or discontinue all or any portions of Big Stone Publishing at any time without notice. BSP and BSP Representatives shall not be liable for any such limitations, modifications, interruptions, suspensions or discontinuance, or any purported losses, harm or damages arising from or related thereto.
3. CONTENT AND CONDUCT
a. Content
BSP does not control, is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to any user content. You are solely responsible for your access to, use of and/or reliance on any user content. You must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent or judicious investigation, inquiry, research and due diligence with respect to any user content.
You are also responsible for any content that you post or transmit and, if you create an account, you are responsible for all content posted or transmitted through or by use of your account.
Content prohibited from Big Stone Publishing includes but is not limited to: (1) illegal content; (2) content in facilitation of the creation, advertising, distribution, provision or receipt of illegal goods or services; (3) offensive content (including, without limitation, defamatory, threatening, hateful or pornographic content); (4) content that discloses another’s personal, confidential or proprietary information; (5) false or fraudulent content (including but not limited to false, fraudulent or misleading responses to user ads transmitted via Big Stone Publishing); (6) malicious content (including, without limitation, malware or spyware); (7) content that offers, promotes, advertises, or provides links to posting or auto-posting products or services, account creation or auto-creation products or services, flagging or auto-flagging products or services, bulk telephone numbers, or any other product or service that if utilized with respect to Big Stone Publishing would violate these TOU or BSP’s other legal rights; and (8) content that offers, promotes, advertises or provides links to unsolicited products or services. Other content prohibitions are set forth in guidelines for particular categories or services on Big Stone Publishing and all such prohibitions are expressly incorporated into these TOU as stated in section 1 above.
You automatically grant and assign to BSP, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant and assign to BSP, a perpetual, irrevocable, unlimited, fully paid, fully sub-licensable (through multiple tiers), worldwide license to copy, perform, display, distribute, prepare derivative works from (including, without limitation, incorporating into other works) and otherwise use any content that you post. You also expressly grant and assign to BSP all rights and causes of action to prohibit and enforce against any unauthorized copying, performance, display, distribution, use or exploitation of, or creation of derivative works from, any content that you post (including but not limited to any unauthorized downloading, extraction, harvesting, collection or aggregation of content that you post).
You agree to indemnify and hold BSP and BSP Representatives harmless from and against any third-party claim, cause of action, demand or damages related to or arising out of: (a) content that you post or transmit (including but not limited to content that a third-party deems defamatory or otherwise harmful or offensive); (b) activity that occurs through or by use of your account (including, without limitation, all content posted or transmitted); (c) your use of or reliance on any user content; and (d) your violation of the TOU. This indemnification obligation includes payment of any attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by BSP or BSP Representatives.
b. Conduct
BSP does not control, is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties with respect to any user or user conduct. You are solely responsible for your interaction with or reliance on any user or user conduct. You must perform any necessary, appropriate, prudent or judicious investigation, inquiry, research and due diligence with respect to any user or user conduct.
You are also responsible for your own conduct and activities on, through or related to Big Stone Publishing, and, if you create an account on Big Stone Publishing, you are responsible for all conduct or activities on, through or by use of your account.
You agree to indemnify and hold BSP and BSP Representatives harmless from and against any third-party claim, cause of action, demand or damages related to or arising out of your own conduct or activities on, through or related to Big Stone Publishing or BSP, and related to or arising out of any conduct or activities on, through or by use of your Big Stone Publishing account, if any. This indemnification obligation includes payment of any attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by BSP or BSP Representatives.
4. POSTING AND ACCOUNTS
This section 4 applies to all uses and users of Big Stone Publishing, unless BSP has specifically authorized an exception to a particular term for a particular user in a written agreement. BSP has sole and absolute discretion to authorize or deny any exception or exceptions to the terms in this section 4.
a. Postings
The same or substantially similar content may not be posted in more than one Big Stone Publishing category. A user may post content only in the single Big Stone Publishing category to which it is most relevant, and must not post content to inappropriate categories. For example, content advertising classes or vocational training must be posted under the “classes” category of the “community” section and may not be posted in any “jobs” category. Likewise, content advertising outdoor gear must be posted under the “gear” section of and not under “job” section. Similarly, services relating to real estate must be posted under “real estate” category of the “services” section and may not be posted to any category within the “housing” section.
A user may post the same or substantially similar content no more than once every month.
Where a Big Stone Publishing category provides specific subcategories for posts by particular types of users (e.g., gear “by-owners” versus “by-dealers,” and real estate for sale “by-owner” versus “by-broker”), a user may post content only in the single user sub-category most accurate for that user. In particular, no user acting as a broker, agent or dealer may post in any “by owner” category.
Users may not circumvent any technological measure implemented by BSP to restrict the manner in which content may be posted on Big Stone Publishing or to regulate the manner in which content (including but not limited to email) may be transmitted to other users. This prohibition includes, without limitation, a ban on the use of multiple email addresses (created via an email address generator or otherwise); the use of multiple IP addresses (via proxy servers, modem toggling, or otherwise); CAPTCHA circumvention, automation or outsourcing; multiple and/or fraudulent Big Stone Publishing accounts, including phone-verified accounts; URL shortening, obfuscation or redirection; use of multiple phone lines or phone forwarding for verification; and content obfuscation via HTML techniques, printing text on images, inserting random text or content “spinning.”
It is expressly prohibited for any third party to post content to Big Stone Publishing on behalf of another. Users must post content only on their own behalf, and may not permit, enable, induce or encourage any third party to post content for them.
It is expressly prohibited to post content to Big Stone Publishing using any automated means. Users must post all content personally and manually through all steps of the posting process. It is also expressly prohibited for any user to develop, offer, market, sell, distribute or provide an automated means to perform any step of the posting process (in whole or in part). Any user who develops, offers, markets, sells, distributes or provides an automated means to perform any step of the posting process (in whole or in part) shall be responsible and liable to BSP for each instance of access to Big Stone Publishing (by any user or other third party) using that automated means.
Affiliate marketing is expressly prohibited on Big Stone Publishing. Users may not post content or communicate with any Big Stone Publishing user for purposes of affiliate marketing or in connection with any affiliate marketing system, scheme or program in any manner or under any circumstance.
b. Accounts
A user may maintain and use no more than one account, including a telephone or phone-verified account (“PVA”), to post content. A user specifically may not create or use additional accounts for the purpose of circumventing technological restrictions (security measures) in the posting process or otherwise for posting content in violation of the TOU.
A user may create an account, including a PVA, only on his/her own behalf. A user must not permit, enable, induce or encourage others to create accounts or PVAs for him/her. The creation of accounts or PVAs for others is expressly prohibited.
A user must only use his/her own account or PVA, and may not use any account or PVA of another.
The purchase and sale of accounts, including but not limited to PVAs, is expressly prohibited.
A user must create his/her account or PVA personally and manually and may not create accounts or PVAs by any automated means. Without limitation, this includes the obligation that the user personally and manually solves any CAPTCHA challenge in the account creation process. Further, a user must create any PVA using his/her own valid telephone number. The creation of a PVA using a telephone number that is not the user’s own, a telephonic forwarding service or system, or a temporary/disposable telephone number or service is expressly prohibited. The circumvention of any technological restriction or security measure in the account creation or PVA creation process is also expressly prohibited.
c. Flagging
A user shall not “flag” (or otherwise seek removal of) content on Big Stone Publishing without a personal, good-faith belief that the content violates the TOU. A user may flag content only on his/her own behalf. A user must not permit, enable, induce or encourage others to flag content for them. A user must not flag content for others.
A user may flag a specific item of content only once.
A user flagging content must do so manually and may not employ any automated means, products (including, without limitation, software programs) or services to flag content. A user must not circumvent any technological restrictions (security measures) in the flagging process. Without limitation, this prohibition includes a ban on the use of multiple IP addresses for flagging (by use of proxy servers or any means whatsoever).
5. UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS AND ACTIVITIES
This section 5 applies to all uses and users of Big Stone Publishing, unless BSP has specifically authorized an exception to a particular term for a particular user in a written agreement. BSP has sole and absolute discretion to authorize or deny any exception or exceptions to the terms in this section 5.
To maintain the integrity and functionality of Big Stone Publishing for its users, access to Big Stone Publishing and/or activities related to Big Stone Publishing that are harmful to, inconsistent with or disruptive of Big Stone Publishing and/or its users’ beneficial use and enjoyment of Big Stone Publishing are expressly unauthorized and prohibited. For example, without limitation:
The collection of Big Stone Publishing users’ personal information (including but not limited to email addresses, IP addresses and telephone numbers) is not allowed for any purpose.
Any copying, aggregation, display, distribution, performance or derivative use of Big Stone Publishing or any content posted on Big Stone Publishing whether done directly or through intermediaries (including but not limited to by means of spiders, robots, crawlers, scrapers, framing, iframes or RSS feeds) is prohibited. As a limited exception, general purpose Internet search engines and noncommercial public archives will be entitled to access Big Stone Publishing without individual written agreements executed with BSP that specifically authorize an exception to this prohibition if, in all cases and individual instances: (a) they provide a direct hyperlink to the relevant Big Stone Publishing website, service, forum or content; (b) they access Big Stone Publishing from a stable IP address using an easily identifiable agent; and (c) they comply with BSP’s robots.txt file; provided however, that BSP may terminate this limited exception as to any search engine or public archive (or any person or entity relying on this provision to access Big Stone Publishing without their own written agreement executed with BSP), at any time and in its sole discretion, upon written notice, including, without limitation, by email notice.
Any access to or use of Big Stone Publishing to design, develop, test, update, operate, modify, maintain, support, market, advertise, distribute or otherwise make available any program, application or service (including, without limitation, any device, technology, product, computer program, mobile device application, website, or mechanical or personal service) that enables or provides access to, use of, operation of or interoperation with Big Stone Publishing (including, without limitation, to access content, post content, cross-post content, re-post content, respond or reply to content, verify content, transmit content, create accounts, verify accounts, use accounts, circumvent and/or automate technological security measures or restrictions, or flag content) is prohibited. This prohibition specifically applies but is not limited to software, programs, applications and services for use or operation on or by any computer and/or any electronic, wireless and/or mobile device, technology or product that exists now or in the future.
If you access Big Stone Publishing or copy, display, distribute, perform or create derivative works from Big Stone Publishing webpages or other BSP intellectual property in violation of the TOU or for purposes inconsistent with the TOU, your access, copying, display, distribution, performance or derivative work is unauthorized. Circumvention of any technological restriction or security measure on Big Stone Publishing or any provision of the TOU that restricts content, conduct, accounts or access is expressly prohibited. For purposes of this paragraph, you agree that cached copies of Big Stone Publishing webpages on your computer or computer server constitute “copies” under the Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 101. For purposes of this paragraph, you further agree that CAPTCHAs and telephone verification are “technological measures” that effectively control access to copyright-protected components and rights of BSP pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 1201.
Any effort to decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer all or any part of Big Stone Publishing in order to identify, acquire, copy or emulate any source code or object code is expressly prohibited.
Any activities (including but not limited to posting voluminous content) that are inconsistent with use of Big Stone Publishing in compliance with the TOU or that may impair or interfere with the integrity, functionality, performance, usefulness, usability, signal-to-noise ratio or quality of all or any part of Big Stone Publishing in any manner are expressly prohibited.
Any attempt (whether or not successful) to engage in, or to enable, induce, encourage, cause or assist anyone else to engage in, any of the above unauthorized and prohibited access and activities is also expressly prohibited and is a violation of the TOU.
6. USER COMMUNICATIONS, TRANSACTIONS, INTERACTIONS, DISPUTES AND RELATIONS
BSP and BSP Representatives are not parties to, have no involvement or interest in, make no representations or warranties as to, and have no responsibility or liability with respect to any communications, transactions, interactions, disputes or any relations whatsoever between you and any other user, person or organization (“your interactions with others”). You must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent or judicious investigation, inquiry, research or due diligence with respect to your interactions with others.
You agree to indemnify and hold BSP and BSP Representatives harmless from and against any third-party claim, cause of action, demand or damages related to or arising out of your interactions with others. This indemnification obligation includes payment of any attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by BSP or BSP Representatives.
7. FEES
BSP may charge a fee to post content or for other features, products, services or licenses. You are responsible to BSP for any fees applicable to content that you post or other features, products, services or licenses you purchase or that are purchased through your account. You authorize BSP, or its designated payment processor, to charge your specified credit card, debit card or other payment method for such fees.
Unless otherwise specified, all fees are in United States dollars and all charges will be made in United States dollars. Any applicable sales or other taxes are additional to the stated fee. Currency exchange settlements and foreign transaction fees are based on your agreement with your credit card or other payment method provider.
Except as required by law, all fees are nonrefundable, including, without limitation, in situations where paid posts are removed by BSP or by community flagging. Payments and purchases may not be canceled by the user, except as required by law. However, BSP reserves the right to refuse or terminate any purchase or attempted purchase at any time in its sole discretion. You understand and agree that if you authorize a payment transaction with your credit card, debit card or other payment method, but your charge is rejected for any reason, there may be a hold on your use of that transaction amount for several days.
8. DISCLAIMERS
YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF AND RELIANCE ON BIG STONE PUBLISHING AND CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. BIG STONE PUBLISHING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WEBSITES, PROGRAMS, SERVICES, FORUMS AND CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEBSITES, PROGRAMS, SERVICES AND FORUMS) IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” OR “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS) ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BSP ALSO DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES FOR OR WITH RESPECT TO: (a) THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY AND PERFORMANCE OF BIG STONE PUBLISHING AND CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING; (b) COMPUTER WORMS, VIRUSES, SPYWARE, ADWARE AND ANY OTHER MALWARE, MALICIOUS CODE OR HARMFUL CONTENT OR COMPONENTS ACCESSED, RECEIVED OR DISSEMINATED THROUGH, RELATED TO OR AS A RESULT OF BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING; (c) ANY TRANSACTIONS OR POTENTIAL TRANSACTIONS, GOODS OR SERVICES PROMISED OR EXCHANGED, INFORMATION OR ADVICE OFFERED OR EXCHANGED, OR OTHER CONTENT, INTERACTIONS, REPRESENTATIONS OR COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH, RELATED TO OR AS A RESULT OF USE OF BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACCESSED THROUGH ANY LINKS ON BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR IN CONTENT).
THESE DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing disclaimers as to implied warranties may not apply.
9. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
BSP AND THE BSP REPRESENTATIVES SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACCESS TO, USE OF OR RELIANCE ON BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE, OR FOR ANY TRANSACTIONS, COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS, DISPUTES OR RELATIONS BETWEEN YOU AND ANY OTHER PERSON OR ORGANIZATION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LIABILITY FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF AS WELL AS FOR ANY HARM, INJURY, LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCURRED BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, STATUTORY, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF BSP OR ANY BSP REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES). THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES REGARDLESS OF, BUT IS NOT RESTRICTED TO, WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY, HARM, INJURY, LOSS OR DAMAGES AROSE FROM AUTHORIZED OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING; ANY INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING; OR ANY REMOVAL, DELETION, LIMITATION, MODIFICATION, INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, DISCONTINUANCE OR TERMINATION OF BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING.
THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY TRANSACTIONS OR POTENTIAL TRANSACTIONS, GOODS OR SERVICES PROMISED OR EXCHANGED, INFORMATION OR ADVICE OFFERED OR EXCHANGED, OR OTHER CONTENT, INTERACTIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, COMMUNICATIONS OR RELATIONS THROUGH, RELATED TO OR AS A RESULT OF BIG STONE PUBLISHING OR CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LINKS ON BIG STONE PUBLISHING AND LINKS IN CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH BIG STONE PUBLISHING).
You hereby release BSP and each of the BSP Representatives, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, predecessors, assigns, heirs, service providers and suppliers, from all claims, demands and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown, direct and indirect, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to Big Stone Publishing or content accessed through Big Stone Publishing, or any interactions with others arising out of or related to Big Stone Publishing or content accessed through Big Stone Publishing, and you expressly waive the provisions of Colorado Civil Code.
THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
10. NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or that your intellectual property rights (including trademark rights) have been otherwise violated, please follow the directions for written notice:
Provide our Agent with the following:
a) Identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
b) Identification of the material on the BSP site that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it;
c) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
d) A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (1) the above information in your Notice is accurate, and (2) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
e) Your address, telephone number, and email address; and
f) Your physical or electronic signature.
Your Notice will be subject to The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).  In appropriate circumstances, BSP may terminate the accounts of repeat infringers.
11. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF
You acknowledge and agree that any violation or breach of the TOU may cause BSP immediate and irreparable harm and damages; consequently, notwithstanding any other provision of the TOU or other applicable legal requirements, BSP has the right to, and may in its discretion, immediately obtain preliminary injunctive relief (including, without limitation, temporary restraining orders) and seek permanent injunctive relief regarding any violation or breach of the TOU. In addition to any and all other remedies available to BSP in law or in equity, BSP may seek specific performance of any term in the TOU, including but not limited to by preliminary or permanent injunction.
12. DAMAGES
In addition to any injunctive relief, you agree to pay to BSP the total amount of all actual damages (including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential and incidental damages) caused by any violation of the TOU for which you bear responsibility; EXCEPT you acknowledge that, for certain TOU violations, actual damages would be extremely difficult or impossible to quantify. Consequently, for such TOU violations, you agree to pay liquidated damages to BSP as described in the following schedule:
This schedule relates to the BSP Terms of Use (“TOU”), and terms used here have the meanings given to them in the TOU.
In addition, for purposes of this schedule of liquidated damages, “Item of Content” means each and every instance of content of any type posted to, stored on or transmitted via BSP by any user (or any other third party in any manner). For example, each single post toBSP  (including but not limited to any ad, comment, flag or message posted to BSP), each single data file stored on BSP (including but not limited to any account information, text, code, images, video or binary file), and each single communication transmitted via BSP (including but not limited to any email or response to an email) is a single “Item of Content.” Each “Item of Content” shall be considered and treated as an individual, discrete “Item of Content” even if it contains the same or substantially similar content as one or more other Items of Content.
For purposes of this schedule of liquidated damages, “Account” means each and every BSP account of any type applied for, requested or created by any means (including but not limited to telephone-verified accounts, also known as phone verified accounts or “PVAs”).
For purposes of this schedule of liquidated damages, “Instance of Unauthorized Conduct” or “Instance” means each individual time BSP’s servers are accessed in connection with or in facilitation of a violation of the TOU.  With respect to the Instances of Unauthorized Conduct enumerated in paragraph 6 below, each day that BSP’s servers are accessed to facilitate one or more of the violations enumerated therein shall constitute one Instance of Unauthorized Conduct.
For purposes of this schedule of liquidated damages, “Attempt” shall be defined pursuant to Colorado law.
TOU violations harm the functionality, integrity, and reputation of BSP ; interfere with and detract from users’ and customers’ beneficial use and enjoyment of BSP; and are detrimental to BSP as a business.  You acknowledge and agree that BSP incurs actual damages as a result of the TOU violations detailed below. You further acknowledge and agree that actual damages caused by such violations are extremely difficult, impossible or impractical to determine or quantify. Consequently, you agree it is fair and reasonable for BSP to obtain injunctive relief to prohibit future violations of these TOU and recover liquidated damages for past violations of these TOU, and you acknowledge that the amounts set forth below reflect reasonable estimates of BSP’s actual damages from each such violation and that such estimates are reasonably related to the actual damages caused to BSP by each such violation.
For each TOU violation below, you therefore agree to pay liquidated damages to BSP in the amount specified. You further acknowledge and agree that the imposition of liquidated damages for each such TOU violation is independent and distinct, and that the assessment of total liquidated damages for multiple TOU violations is cumulative.
1. $50 Per Item of Content
You agree to pay $50 per Item of Content posted or stored on, or transmitted via BSP either by you or on your behalf:
(a) using any automated means to perform any step of any process for submitting content (in whole or in part); (b) by any means that circumvent any technological measure implemented by BSP to restrict the manner in which content may be submitted on BSP or to regulate the manner in which content (including but not limited to email) may be transmitted to other users; or (c) using Accounts that are created or used in violation of TOU ¶4.b.
Liquidated damages under this ¶ 2 are in addition to Liquidated Damages that may be applicable to the Item of Content pursuant to other sections of this schedule and are agreed to be a reasonable estimate of BSP’s actual damages for the Items of Content posted using the means described in this ¶ 2 in addition to the liquidated damages incurred by BSP set forth elsewhere in  this schedule.  See, among others, TOU ¶ 4 b.
3. $100 Per Item of Content
For the following, you agree to pay $100 per Item of Content:
(a) content that offers, promotes, advertises or provides links to unsolicited products or services (except that the content described in Section 5(g) of this schedule, shall be subject to liquidated damages as provided in Section 5(g)); (b) content that violates guidelines for particular categories or services on BSP; or (c) content (including but not limited to ads, emails and other communications withBSP  users) for purposes of affiliate marketing or in connection with any affiliate marketing system, scheme or program in any manner and under any circumstance.  See, among others, TOU ¶¶ 4.a.
4. $100 Per Account/Instance
For the following, you agree to pay $100 per Account/Instance of Unauthorized Conduct:
(a) if you create, maintain or use at any time more than one Account (including without limitation PVAs) to post content; (b) if you create one or more Accounts for or on behalf of another; (c) if you permit, enable, induce or encourage someone else to create one or more Accounts on your behalf; (d) if you use other users’ Accounts (with or without their knowledge or consent) (including but not limited to your use of any Account you purchase or otherwise do not personally create); (e) for any Account you purchase, offer, market, sell, or distribute; (f) for any Account you create for another; (g) for any Account you create by any automated means; (h) for any Account verified using a telephone number that is not your own personal telephone number; (i) for any telephone number you purchase, offer, market, make available, sell or distribute for the purpose of phone verification; (j) if you use any Accounts created in circumvention of any technological restriction or security measure in the Account creation process; (k)if you create any Accounts in circumvention of any technological restriction or security measure in the Account creation process; (l) for any product, software, or tool (including but not limited to CAPTCHA credits) you acquire, purchase, offer, market, sell, or distribute, that facilitates circumvention of any technological measure implemented by BSP to restrict the manner in which content may be posted on BSP or to regulate the manner in which content may be transmitted to other users; (m) if you collect BSP users’ personal information (including but not limited to email addresses, IP addresses and telephone numbers) or (n) for any activities (including but not limited to posting voluminous content) that are inconsistent with use of BSP in compliance with the TOU or that may impair or interfere with the functionality, performance or quality of all or any part of BSP in any manner.
See, among others, TOU ¶¶ 4.a. and 4.b.
5. $1000 Per Item of Content
For the following, you agree to pay $1000 per Item of Content:
(a) illegal content; (b) content in facilitation of the creation, advertising, distribution, provision or receipt of illegal goods or services; (c) offensive content (including, without limitation, defamatory, threatening, hateful or pornographic content); (d) content that discloses another’s personal, confidential or proprietary information; (e) false or fraudulent content (including but not limited to false, fraudulent or misleading responses to user ads transmitted via BSP ); (f) malicious content (including, without limitation, malware or spyware); (g)  content that offers, promotes, advertises, provides links to or solicits posting or auto-posting products or services, account creation or auto-creation products or services, flagging or auto-flagging products or services, bulk telephone numbers, or any other product or service that if utilized with respect to BSP would violate these TOU or BSP’s other legal rights.
See, among others, TOU ¶ 3.a.
6. $25,000 Per Instance of Unauthorized Conduct
Technology can be misused to facilitate harm to BSP, its users, and/or BSP on a massive scale.  For the following, you agree to pay $25,000 per Instance of Unauthorized Conduct:
(a) copying, aggregation, display, distribution or derivative use of BSP or any content posted on BSP (including, but not limited to, by means of spiders, robots, crawlers, scrapers, framing, iframes, or RSS feeds); (b) access to or use of BSP to design, develop, test, update, operate, modify, maintain, support, market, advertise, distribute, or otherwise make available any program, application or service (including, without limitation, any device, technology, product, computer program, mobile device application, website, and mechanical or personal service) that enables or provides access to, use of, operation of, or interoperation with BSP (including, without limitation, to access content, post content, respond to content, transmit content, create accounts, use accounts, circumvent security measures, or flag content); or (c) decompiling, disassembling or reverse engineering all or any part of BSP in order to identify, acquire, copy, or emulate any source code or object code. See, among others, TOU 5.
7. Written License
Any conduct or content that is permitted pursuant to a written license agreement with BSP shall not be deemed in violation of the TOU as long as the conduct or content is specifically authorized pursuant to the terms of the license agreement.
Furthermore you agree that the amounts of liquidated damages described therein are reasonable estimates of BSP’s damages for such violations, and that liquidated damages for violations of the TOU are and will be cumulative.
13. PRIVACY
BSP has established a privacy policy covering the collection, use, and disclosure of user information:
1. Protecting your privacy
Account information is password-protected. Keep your password safe.
Forums use basic webserver authentication. Close your browser to log out.
BSP does not knowingly collect any information from persons under the age of 13. If BSP learns that a posting is by a person under the age of 13, BSP will remove that post.
BSP, or people who post on BSP, may provide links to third party websites, which may have different privacy practices. We are not responsible for, nor have any control over, the privacy policies of those third party websites, and encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited.
2. Data we collect
We sometimes collect your email address, for purposes such as sending self-publishing and confirmation emails, authenticating user accounts, providing subscription email services, registering for forums, etc.
For paid job postings, we collect contact information, such as name(s), phone/fax number(s), and address for billing purposes.
We sometimes collect your phone number for account authentication purposes, and may transmit it to a third party service for tele-robotic verification.
We may collect personal information if you provide it in feedback or comments, post it on our forums, or if you contact us directly. Please do not post any personal information on BSP that you expect to keep private.
Our web logs collect standard web log entries for each page served, including your IP address, page URL, and timestamp. Web logs help us to diagnose problems with our server, to administer the BSP site, and to otherwise provide our service to you.
3. Data we store
All postings are stored in our database, even after “deletion,” and may be archived elsewhere.
Our web logs and other records are stored indefinitely.
Registered job posters can access and update their account information through the account homepage.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security.
5. Circumstances in which BSP may release information
BSP may disclose information about its users if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.
BSP may also disclose information about its users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms of Use; respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of BSP, its users or the general public.
6. International Users
By visiting our web site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of BSP we may use the data collected in the course of our relationship for the purposes identified in this policy or in our other communications with you, including the transmission of information outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, please understand that such data may be stored on servers located in the United States. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.
14. MISCELLANEOUS
These TOU constitute the entire agreement between you and BSP and supersede any prior written or oral agreement. Other than the BSP Representatives (who are expressly included as named third-party beneficiaries of the TOU), there are no third-party beneficiaries to the TOU.
Any and all claims, causes of action or disputes (regardless of theory) between you and BSP arising out of or related to the TOU, Big Stone Publishing or content accessed through Big Stone Publishing shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflict or choice of law principles. You and BSP agree that any such claims, causes of action or disputes shall be brought exclusively in courts located within the county of Garfield, Colorado, and you and BSP agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. You further agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, you must file any such claim or cause of action within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. If any provision of the TOU is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, all other provisions of the TOU shall remain in full force and effect.
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERNET ADVERTISING FOR MEDIA BUYS ONE YEAR OR LESS
These Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less,  are intended to offer media companies and advertising agencies a standard for conducting business in a manner acceptable to both. This document, when incorporated into an insertion order, represents the parties’ common understanding for doing business. This document may not fully cover sponsorships and other arrangements involving content association or integration, and/or special production, but may be used as the basis for the media components of such contracts. This document is not meant to cover the relationship between a publisher and a network, or direct advertiser buys with publishers.
DEFINITIONS
“Ad” means any advertisement provided by Agency on behalf of an Advertiser.
“Advertiser” means the advertiser for which Agency is the agent under an applicable IO.
“Advertising Materials” means artwork, copy, or active URLs for Ads.
“Affiliate” means, as to an entity, any other entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such entity.
“Agency” means the advertising agency listed on the applicable IO.
“CPA Deliverables” means Deliverables sold on a cost per acquisition basis.
“CPC Deliverables” means Deliverables sold on a cost per click basis.
“CPL Deliverables” means Deliverables sold on a cost per lead basis.
“CPM Deliverables” means Deliverables sold on a cost per thousand impression basis.
“Deliverable” or “Deliverables” means the inventory delivered by Media Company (e.g., impressions, clicks, or other desired actions).
“IO” means a mutually agreed insertion order that incorporates these Terms, under which Media Company will deliver Ads on Sites for the benefit of Agency or Advertiser.
“Media Company” means the publisher listed on the applicable IO. “Media Company Properties” are websites specified on an IO that are owned, operated, or controlled by
Media Company.
“Network Properties” means websites specified on an IO that are not owned, operated, or controlled by Media Company, but on which Media Company has a contractual right to serve Ads.
“Policies” means advertising criteria or specifications made conspicuously available, including content limitations, technical specifications, privacy policies, user experience policies, policies regarding consistency with Media Company’s public image, community standards regarding obscenity or indecency (taking into consideration the portion(s) of the Site on which the Ads are to appear), other editorial or advertising policies, and Advertising Materials due dates.
“Representative” means, as to an entity and/or its Affiliate(s), any director, officer, employee, consultant, contractor, agent, and/or attorney.
“Site” or “Sites” means Media Company Properties and Network Properties. “Terms” means these Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or
Less.
“Third Party” means an entity or person that is not a party to an IO; for purposes of clarity, Media Company, Agency, Advertiser, and any Affiliates or Representatives of the foregoing are not Third Parties.
“Third Party Ad Server” means a Third Party that will serve and/or track Ads.
I.
INSERTION ORDERS AND INVENTORY AVAILABILITY
IO Details. From time to time, Media Company and Agency may execute IOs that will be accepted as set forth in Section I(b). As applicable, each IO will specify: (i) the type(s) and amount(s) of Deliverables, (ii) the price(s) for such Deliverables, (iii) the maximum amount of money to be spent pursuant to the IO, (iv) the start and end dates of the campaign, and (v) the identity of and contact information for any Third Party Ad Server. Other items that may be included are, but are not limited to, reporting requirements, any special Ad delivery scheduling and/or Ad placement requirements, and specifications concerning ownership of data collected.
Availability; Acceptance. Media Company will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify Agency within two (2) business days of receipt of an IO signed by Agency if the specified inventory is not available. Acceptance of the IO and these Terms will be deemed the earlier of (i) written (which, unless otherwise specified, for purposes of these Terms, will include paper, fax, or e-mail communication) approval of the IO by Media Company and Agency, or (ii) the display of the first Ad impression by Media Company, unless otherwise agreed on the IO. Notwithstanding the foregoing, modifications to the originally submitted IO will not be binding unless approved in writing by both Media Company and Agency.
Revisions. Revisions to accepted IOs will be made in writing and acknowledged by the other party in writing.
Compliance with IO. Media Company will comply with the IO, including all Ad placement restrictions, and, except as set forth in Section VI(c), will create a reasonably balanced delivery schedule. Media Company will provide, within the scope of the IO, an Ad to the Site specified on the IO when such Site is visited by an Internet user. Any exceptions will be approved by Agency in writing.
Changes to Site. Media Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Agency at least 10 business days prior notification of any material changes to the Site that would materially change the target audience or materially affect the size or placement of the Ad specified on the applicable IO. Should such a modification occur with or without notice, as Agency’s and Advertiser’s sole remedy for such change, Agency may cancel the remainder of the affected placement without penalty within the 10-day notice period. If Media Company has failed to provide such notification, Agency may cancel the remainder of the affected placement within 30 days of such modification and, in such case, will not be charged for any affected Ads delivered after such modification.
Technical Specifications. Media Company will submit or otherwise make electronically accessible to Agency final technical specifications within two (2) business days of the acceptance of an IO. Changes by Media Company to the specifications of already-purchased Ads after that two (2) business day period will allow Advertiser to suspend delivery of the affected Ad for a reasonable time (without impacting the end date, unless otherwise agreed by the parties) in order to (i) send revised Advertising Materials; (ii) request that Media Company resize the Ad at Media Company’s cost, and with final creative approval of Agency, within a reasonable time period to fulfill the guaranteed levels of the IO; (iii) accept a comparable replacement; or (iv) if the parties are unable to negotiate an alternate or comparable replacement in good faith within five (5) business days, immediately cancel the remainder of the affected placement without penalty.
d.    Editorial Adjacencies. Media Company acknowledges that certain Advertisers may not want their Ads placed adjacent to content that promotes pornography, violence, or the use of firearms, contains obscene language, or falls within another category stated on the IO (“Editorial Adjacency Guidelines”). Media Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with the Editorial Adjacency Guidelines with respect to Ads that appear on Media Company Properties, although Media Company will at all times retain editorial control over the Media Company Properties. For Ads shown on Network Properties, Media Company and Agency agree that Media Company’s sole responsibilities with respect to compliance with these Editorial Adjacency Guidelines will be to obtain contractual representations from its participating network publishers that such publishers will comply with Editorial Adjacency Guidelines on all Network Properties and to provide the remedy specified below to Agency with respect to violations of Editorial Adjacency Guidelines on Network Properties. Should Ads appear in violation of the Editorial Adjacency Guidelines, Advertiser’s sole and exclusive remedy is to request in writing that Media Company remove the Ads and provide makegoods or, if no makegood can be agreed upon, issue a credit to Advertiser equal to the value of such Ads, or not bill Agency for such Ads. In cases where a makegood and a credit can be shown to be commercially infeasible for the Advertiser, Agency and Media Company will negotiate an alternate solution. After Agency notifies Media Company that specific Ads are in violation of the Editorial Adjacency Guidelines, Media Company will make commercially reasonable efforts to correct such violation within 24 hours. If such correction materially and adversely impacts such IO, Agency and Media Company will negotiate in good faith mutually agreed changes to such IO to address such impacts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agency and Advertiser each acknowledge and agree that no Advertiser will be entitled to any remedy for any violation of the Editorial Adjacency Guidelines resulting from: (i) Ads placed at locations other than the Sites, or (ii) Ads displayed on properties that Agency or Advertiser is aware, or should be aware, may contain content in potential violation of the Editorial Adjacency Guidelines.
For any page on the Site that primarily consists of user-generated content, the preceding paragraph will not apply. Instead, Media Company will make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Ads are not placed adjacent to content that violates the Site’s terms of use. Advertiser’s and Agency’s sole remedy for Media Company’s breach of such obligation will be to submit written complaints to Media Company, which will review such complaints and remove user-generated content that Media Company, in its sole discretion, determines is objectionable or in violation of such Site’s terms of use.
III. PAYMENT AND PAYMENT LIABILITY
Invoices. The initial invoice will be sent by Media Company upon completion of the first month’s delivery, or within 30 days of completion of the IO, whichever is earlier. Invoices will be sent to Agency’s billing address as set forth on the IO and will include information reasonably specified by Agency, such as the IO number, Advertiser name, brand name or campaign name, and any number or other identifiable reference stated as required for invoicing on the IO. All invoices (other than corrections of previously provided invoices) pursuant to the IO will be sent within 90 days of delivery of all Deliverables. Media Company acknowledges that failure by Media Company to send an invoice within such period may cause Agency to be contractually unable to collect payment from the Advertiser. If Media Company sends the invoice after the 90-day period and the Agency either has not received the applicable funds from the Advertiser or does not have the Advertiser’s consent to dispense such funds, Agency will use commercially reasonable efforts to assist Media Company in collecting payment from the Advertiser or obtaining Advertiser’s consent to dispense funds.
Upon request from the Agency, Media Company should provide proof of performance for the invoiced period, which may include access to online or electronic reporting, as addressed in these Terms, subject to the notice and cure provisions of Section IV. Media Company should invoice
Agency for the services provided on a calendar-month basis with the net cost (i.e., the cost after subtracting Agency commission, if any) based on actual delivery, flat-fee, or based on prorated distribution of delivery over the term of the IO, as specified on the applicable IO.
b.    Payment Date.    Agency will make payment 30 days from its receipt of invoice, or as otherwise stated in a payment schedule set forth on the IO. Media Company may notify Agency that it has not received payment in such 30-day period and whether it intends to seek payment directly from Advertiser pursuant to Section III(c), below, and Media Company may do so five (5) business days after providing such notice.
c.    Payment Liability. Unless otherwise set forth by Agency on the IO, Media Company agrees to hold Agency liable for payments solely to the extent proceeds have cleared from Advertiser to Agency for Ads placed in accordance with the IO. For sums not cleared to Agency, Media Company agrees to hold Advertiser solely liable. Media Company understands that Advertiser is Agency’s disclosed principal and Agency, as agent, has no obligations relating to such payments, either joint or several, except as specifically set forth in this Section III(c) and Section X(c).
Agency agrees to make every reasonable effort to collect and clear payment from Advertiser on a timely basis.
Agency’s credit is established on a client-by-client basis.
If Advertiser proceeds have not cleared for the IO, other advertisers from Agency will not be prohibited from advertising on the Site due to such non-clearance if such other advertisers’ credit is not in question.
Upon request, Agency will make available to Media Company written confirmation of the relationship between Agency and Advertiser. This confirmation should include, for example, Advertiser’s acknowledgement that Agency is its agent and is authorized to act on its behalf in connection with the IO and these Terms. In addition, upon the request of Media Company, Agency will confirm whether Advertiser has paid to Agency in advance funds sufficient to make payments pursuant to the IO.
If Advertiser’s or Agency’s credit is or becomes impaired, Media Company may require payment in advance.
IV. REPORTING
a.    Confirmation of Campaign Initiation. Media Company will, within two (2) business days of the start date on the IO, provide confirmation to Agency, either electronically or in writing, stating whether the components of the IO have begun delivery.
b. Media Company Reporting. If Media Company is serving the campaign, Media Company will make reporting available at least as often as weekly, either electronically or in writing, unless otherwise specified on the IO. Reports will be broken out by day and summarized by creative execution, content area (Ad placement), impressions, clicks, spend/cost, and other variables as may be defined on the IO (e.g., keywords).
Once Media Company has provided the online or electronic report, it agrees that Agency and Advertiser are entitled to reasonably rely on it, subject to provision of Media Company’s invoice for such period.
c.    Makegoods for Reporting Failure. If Media Company fails to deliver an accurate and complete report by the time specified, Agency may initiate makegood discussions pursuant to Section VI, below.
If Agency informs Media Company that Media Company has delivered an incomplete or inaccurate report, or no report at all, Media Company will cure such failure within five (5) business days of receipt of such notice. Failure to cure may result in nonpayment for all activity for which data is incomplete or missing until Media Company delivers reasonable evidence of performance; such report will be delivered within 30 days of Media Company’s knowledge of such failure or, absent such knowledge, within 180 days of delivery of all Deliverables.
V. CANCELLATION AND TERMINATION
a.    Without Cause. Unless designated on the IO as non-cancelable, Advertiser may cancel the entire IO, or any portion thereof, as follows:
i.    With 14 days’ prior written notice to Media Company, without penalty, for any guaranteed Deliverable, including, but not limited to, CPM Deliverables. For clarity and by way of example, if Advertiser cancels the guaranteed portions of the IO eight (8) days prior to serving of the first impression, Advertiser will only be responsible for the first six (6) days of those Deliverables.
ii.    With seven (7) days’ prior written notice to Media Company, without penalty, for any non-guaranteed Deliverable, including, but not limited to, CPC Deliverables, CPL Deliverables, or CPA Deliverables, as well as some non-guaranteed CPM Deliverables.
iii.    With 30 days’ prior written notice to Media Company, without penalty, for any flat fee- based or fixed-placement Deliverable, including, but not limited to, roadblocks, time- based or share-of-voice buys, and some types of cancelable sponsorships.
iv.    Advertiser will remain liable to Media Company for amounts due for any custom content or development (“Custom Material”) provided to Advertiser or completed by Media Company or its third-party vendor prior to the effective date of termination. For IOs that contemplate the provision or creation of Custom Material, Media Company will specify the amounts due for such Custom Material as a separate line item. Advertiser will pay for such Custom Material within 30 days from receiving an invoice therefore.
b.    For Cause. Either Media Company or Agency may terminate an IO at any time if the other party is in material breach of its obligations hereunder, which breach is not cured within 10 days after receipt of written notice thereof from the non-breaching party, except as otherwise stated in these Terms with regard to specific breaches. Additionally, if Agency or Advertiser breaches its obligations by violating the same Policy three times (and such Policy was provided to Agency or Advertiser) and receives timely notice of each such breach, even if Agency or Advertiser cures such breaches, then Media Company may terminate the IO or placements associated with such breach upon written notice. If Agency or Advertiser does not cure a violation of a Policy within the applicable 10-day cure period after written notice, where such Policy had been provided by Media Company to Agency, then Media Company may terminate the IO and/or placements associated with such breach upon written notice.
c.    Short Rates. Short rates will apply to canceled buys to the degree stated on the IO.
Notification of Under-delivery. Media Company will monitor delivery of the Ads, and will notify Agency either electronically or in writing as soon as possible (and no later than 14 days before the applicable IO end date unless the length of the campaign is less than 14 days) if Media Company believes that an under-delivery is likely. In the case of a probable or actual under-delivery, Agency and Media Company may arrange for a makegood consistent with these Terms.
Makegood Procedure. If actual Deliverables for any campaign fall below guaranteed levels, as set forth on the IO, and/or if there is an omission of any Ad (placement or creative unit), Agency and Media Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to agree upon the conditions of a makegood flight, either on the IO or at the time of the shortfall. If no makegood can be agreed upon, Agency may execute a credit equal to the value of the under-delivered portion of the IO for
which it was charged. If Agency or Advertiser has made a cash prepayment to Media Company, specifically for the campaign IO for which under-delivery applies, then, if Agency and/or Advertiser is reasonably current on all amounts owed to Media Company under any other agreement for such Advertiser, Agency may elect to receive a refund for the under-delivery equal to the difference between the applicable pre-payment and the value of the delivered portion of the campaign. In no event will Media Company provide a makegood or extend any Ad beyond the period set forth on the IO without the prior written consent of Agency.
Unguaranteed Deliverables. If an IO contains CPA Deliverables, CPL Deliverables, or CPC Deliverables, the predictability, forecasting, and conversions for such Deliverables may vary and guaranteed delivery, even delivery, and makegoods are not available.
VII. BONUS IMPRESSIONS
a.    With Third Party Ad Server. Where Agency uses a Third Party Ad Server, Media Company will not bonus more than 10% above the Deliverables specified on the IO without the prior written consent of Agency. Permanent or exclusive placements will run for the specified period of time regardless of over-delivery, unless the IO establishes an impression cap for Third Party Ad Server activity. Agency will not be charged by Media Company for any additional Deliverables above any level guaranteed or capped on the IO. If a Third Party Ad Server is being used and Agency notifies Media Company that the guaranteed or capped levels stated on the IO have been reached, Media Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to suspend delivery and, within 48 hours of receiving such notice, Media Company may either (i) serve any additional Ads itself or (ii) be held responsible for all applicable incremental Ad serving charges incurred by Advertiser but only (A) after such notice has been provided, and (B) to the extent such charges are associated with overdelivery by more than 10% above such guaranteed or capped levels.
b.    No Third Party Ad Server. Where Agency does not use a Third Party Ad Server, Media Company may bonus as many ad units as Media Company chooses unless otherwise indicated on the IO. Agency will not be charged by Media Company for any additional Deliverables above any level guaranteed on the IO.
VIII. FORCE MAJEURE
Generally. Excluding payment obligations, neither Agency nor Media Company will be liable for delay or default in the performance of its respective obligations under these Terms if such delay or default is caused by conditions beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, fire, flood, accident, earthquakes, telecommunications line failures, electrical outages, network failures, acts of God, or labor disputes (“Force Majeure event”). If Media Company suffers such a delay or default, Media Company will make reasonable efforts within five (5) business days to recommend a substitute transmission for the Ad or time period for the transmission. If no such substitute time period or makegood is reasonably acceptable to Agency, Media Company will allow Agency a pro rata reduction in the space, time, and/or program charges hereunder in the amount of money assigned to the space, time, and/or program charges at time of purchase. In addition, Agency will have the benefit of the same discounts that would have been earned had there been no default or delay.
Related to Payment. If Agency’s ability to transfer funds to third parties has been materially negatively impacted by an event beyond the Agency’s reasonable control, including, but not limited to, failure of banking clearing systems or a state of emergency, then Agency will make every reasonable effort to make payments on a timely basis to Media Company, but any delays caused by such condition will be excused for the duration of such condition. Subject to the foregoing, such excuse for delay will not in any way relieve Agency from any of its obligations as to the amount of money that would have been due and paid without such condition.
Cancellation. If a Force Majeure event has continued for five (5) business days, Media Company and/or Agency has the right to cancel the remainder of the IO without penalty.
IX. AD MATERIALS
a. Submission. Agency will submit Advertising Materials pursuant to Section II(c) in accordance with Media Company’s then-existing Policies. Media Company’s sole remedies for a breach of this provision are set forth in Section V(c), above, Sections IX (c) and (d), below, and Sections X (b) and (c), below.
b.    Late Creative. If Advertising Materials are not received by the IO start date, Media Company will begin to charge the Advertiser on the IO start date on a pro rata basis based on the full IO, excluding portions consisting of performance-based, non-guaranteed inventory, for each full day the Advertising Materials are not received. If Advertising Materials are late based on the Policies, Media Company is not required to guarantee full delivery of the IO. Media Company and Agency will negotiate a resolution if Media Company has received all required Advertising Materials in accordance with Section IX(a) but fails to commence a campaign on the IO start date.
c.    Compliance. Media Company reserves the right within its discretion to reject or remove from its Site any Ads for which the Advertising Materials, software code associated with the Advertising Materials (e.g. pixels, tags, JavaScript), or the website to which the Ad is linked do not comply with its Policies, or that in Media Company’s sole reasonable judgment, do not comply with any applicable law, regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. In addition, Media Company reserves the right within its discretion to reject or remove from its Site any Ads for which the Advertising Materials or the website to which the Ad is linked are, or may tend to bring, disparagement, ridicule, or scorn upon Media Company or any of its Affiliates (as defined below), provided that if Media Company has reviewed and approved such Ads prior to their use on the Site, Media Company will not immediately remove such Ads before making commercially reasonable efforts to acquire mutually acceptable alternative Advertising Materials from Agency.
d. Damaged Creative. If Advertising Materials provided by Agency are damaged, not to Media Company’s specifications, or otherwise unacceptable, Media Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Agency within two (2) business days of its receipt of such Advertising Materials.
e. No Modification. Media Company will not edit or modify the submitted Ads in any way, including, but not limited to, resizing the Ad, without Agency’s approval. Media Company will use all Ads in strict compliance with these Terms and any written instructions provided on the IO.
f. Ad Tags. When applicable, Third Party Ad Server tags will be implemented so that they are functional in all aspects.
g.    Trademark Usage. Media Company, on the one hand, and Agency and Advertiser, on the other, will not use the other’s trade name, trademarks, logos, or Ads in any public announcement (including, but not limited to, in any press release) regarding the existence or content of these Terms or an IO without the other’s prior written approval.
X. INDEMNIFICATION
a.
By Media Company. Media Company will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Agency, Advertiser, and each of its Affiliates and Representatives from damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) (collectively, “Losses”) resulting from any claim, judgment, or proceeding (collectively, “Claims”) brought by a Third Party and resulting from (i) Media Company’s alleged breach of Section XII or of Media Company’s representations and
warranties in Section XIV(a), (ii) Media Company’s display or delivery of any Ad in breach of Section II(a) or Section IX(e), or (iii) Advertising Materials provided by Media Company for an Ad (and not by Agency, Advertiser, and/or each of its Affiliates and/or Representatives) (“Media Company Advertising Materials”) that: (A) violate any applicable law, regulation, judicial or administrative action, or the right of a Third Party; or (B) are defamatory or obscene. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Media Company will not be liable for any Losses resulting from Claims to the extent that such Claims result from (1) Media Company’s customization of Ads or Advertising Materials based upon detailed specifications, materials, or information provided by the Advertiser, Agency, and/or each of its Affiliates and/or Representatives, or (2) a user viewing an Ad outside of the targeting set forth on the IO, which viewing is not directly attributable to Media Company’s serving such Ad in breach of such targeting.
b.    By Advertiser. Advertiser will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Media Company and each of its Affiliates and Representatives from Losses resulting from any Claims brought by a Third Party resulting from (i) Advertiser’s alleged breach of Section XII or of Advertiser’s representations and warranties in Section XIV(a), (ii) Advertiser’s violation of Policies (to the extent the terms of such Policies have been provided (e.g., by making such Policies available by providing a URL) via email or other affirmative means, to Agency or Advertiser at least 14 days prior to the violation giving rise to the Claim), or (iii) the content or subject matter of any Ad or Advertising Materials to the extent used by Media Company in accordance with these Terms or an IO.
c.    By Agency. Agency represents and warrants that it has the authority as Advertiser’s agent to bind Advertiser to these Terms and each IO, and that all of Agency’s actions related to these Terms and each IO will be within the scope of such agency. Agency will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Media Company and each of its Affiliates and Representatives from Losses resulting from (i) Agency’s alleged breach of the foregoing sentence, or (ii) Claims brought by a Third Party alleging that Agency has breached its express, Agency-specific obligations under Section XII.
d.    Procedure. The indemnified party(s) will promptly notify the indemnifying party of all Claims of which it becomes aware (provided that a failure or delay in providing such notice will not relieve the indemnifying party’s obligations except to the extent such party is prejudiced by such failure or delay), and will: (i) provide reasonable cooperation to the indemnifying party at the indemnifying party’s expense in connection with the defense or settlement of all Claims; and (ii) be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense of all Claims. The indemnified party(s) agrees that the indemnifying party will have sole and exclusive control over the defense and settlement of all Claims; provided, however, the indemnifying party will not acquiesce to any judgment or enter into any settlement, either of which imposes any obligation or liability on an indemnified party(s) without its prior written consent.
XI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Excluding Agency’s, Advertiser’s, and Media Company’s respective obligations under Section X, damages that result from a breach of Section XII, or intentional misconduct by Agency, Advertiser, or Media Company, in no event will any party be liable for any consequential, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or exemplary damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, and the like, incurred by another party arising out of an IO, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
XII: NON-DISCLOSURE, DATA USAGE AND OWNERSHIP, PRIVACY AND LAWS
a.    Definitions and Obligations. “Confidential Information” will include (i) all information marked as “Confidential,” “Proprietary,” or similar legend by the disclosing party (“Discloser”) when given to the receiving party (“Recipient”); and (ii) information and data provided by the Discloser, which under the circumstances surrounding the disclosure should be reasonably deemed confidential or proprietary. Without limiting the foregoing, Discloser and Recipient agree that each Discloser’s contribution to IO Details (as defined below) shall be considered such Discloser’s Confidential Information. Recipient will protect Confidential Information in the same manner that it protects its own information of a similar nature, but in no event with less than reasonable care. Recipient shall not disclose Confidential Information to anyone except an employee, agent, Affiliate, or third party who has a need to know same, and who is bound by confidentiality and non-use obligations at least as protective of Confidential Information as are those in this section. Recipient will not use Discloser’s Confidential Information other than as provided for on the IO.
b.    Exceptions. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the term “Confidential Information” will not include information which: (i) was previously known to Recipient; (ii) was or becomes generally available to the public through no fault of Recipient; (iii) was rightfully in Recipient’s possession free of any obligation of confidentiality at, or prior to, the time it was communicated to Recipient by Discloser; (iv) was developed by employees or agents of Recipient independently of, and without reference to, Confidential Information; or (v) was communicated by Discloser to an unaffiliated third party free of any obligation of confidentiality. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Recipient may disclose Confidential Information of the Discloser in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, as otherwise required by law or the rules of any applicable securities exchange, or as necessary to establish the rights of either party under these Terms; provided, however, that both Discloser and Recipient will stipulate to any orders necessary to protect such information from public disclosure.
c.    Additional Definitions. As used herein the following terms shall have the following definitions:
i.    “User Volunteered Data” is personally identifiable information collected from individual users by Media Company during delivery of an Ad pursuant to the IO, but only where it is expressly disclosed to such individual users that such collection is solely on behalf of Advertiser.
ii.    “IO Details” are details set forth on the IO but only when expressly associated with the applicable Discloser, including, but not limited to, Ad pricing information, Ad description, Ad placement information, and Ad targeting information.
iii.    “Performance Data” is data regarding a campaign gathered during delivery of an Ad pursuant to the IO (e.g., number of impressions, interactions, and header information), but excluding Site Data or IO Details.
iv.    “Site Data” is any data that is (A) preexisting Media Company data used by Media Company pursuant to the IO; (B) gathered pursuant to the IO during delivery of an Ad that identifies or allows identification of Media Company, Media Company’s Site, brand, content, context, or users as such; or (C) entered by users on any Media Company Site other than User Volunteered Data.
Use of Collected Data.
i.    Unless otherwise authorized by Media Company, Advertiser will not: (A) use Collected Data for Repurposing; provided, however, that Performance Data may be used for Repurposing so long as it is not joined with any IO Details or Site Data; (B) disclose IO Details of Media Company or Site Data to any Affiliate or Third Party except as set forth in Section XII(d)(iii).
ii.    Unless otherwise authorized by Agency or Advertiser, Media Company will not: (A) use or disclose IO Details of Advertiser, Performance Data, or a user’s recorded view or click of an Ad, each of the foregoing on a non-Aggregated basis, for Repurposing or any purpose other than performing under the IO, compensating data providers in a way that precludes identification of the Advertiser, or internal reporting or internal analysis; or (B) use or disclose any User Volunteered Data in any manner other than in performing under the IO.
iii.    Advertiser, Agency, and Media Company (each a “Transferring Party”) will require any Third Party or Affiliate used by the Transferring Party in performance of the IO on behalf of such Transferring Party to be bound by confidentiality and non-use obligations at least as restrictive as those on the Transferring Party, unless otherwise set forth in the IO.
User Volunteered Data. All User Volunteered Data is the property of Advertiser, is subject to the Advertiser’s posted privacy policy, and is considered Confidential Information of Advertiser. Any other use of such information will be set forth on the IO and signed by both parties.
Privacy Policies. Agency, Advertiser, and Media Company will post on their respective Web sites their privacy policies and adhere to their privacy policies, which will abide by applicable laws. Failure by Media Company, on the one hand, or Agency or Advertiser, on the other, to continue to post a privacy policy, or non-adherence to such privacy policy, is grounds for immediate cancellation of the IO by the other party.
Compliance with Law. Agency, Advertiser, and Media Company will at all times comply with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, regulations, and codes which are applicable to their performance of their respective obligations under the IO.
Agency Use of Data. Agency will not: (i) use Collected Data unless Advertiser is permitted to use such Collected Data, nor (ii) use Collected Data in ways that Advertiser is not allowed to use such Collected Data. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary herein, the restrictions on Advertiser in Section XII(d)(i) shall not prohibit Agency from (A) using Collected Data on an Aggregated basis for internal media planning purposes only (but not for Repurposing),
i.
“Collected Data” consists of IO Details, Performance Data, and Site Data. “Repurposing” means retargeting a user or appending data to a non-public profile
regarding a user for purposes other than performance of the IO.
“Aggregated” means a form in which data gathered under an IO is combined with data from numerous campaigns of numerous Advertisers and precludes identification, directly or indirectly, of an Advertiser.
or (B) disclosing qualitative evaluations of Aggregated Collected Data to its clients and potential clients, and Media Companies on behalf of such clients or potential clients, for the purpose of media planning.
XIII. THIRD PARTY AD SERVING AND TRACKING (Applicable if Third Party Ad Server is used)
a.    Ad Serving and Tracking. Media Company will track delivery through its ad server and, provided that Media Company has approved in writing a Third Party Ad Server to run on its properties, Agency will track delivery through such Third Party Ad Server. Agency may not substitute the specified Third Party Ad Server without Media Company’s prior written consent.
b. Controlling Measurement. If both parties are tracking delivery, the measurement used for invoicing advertising fees under an IO (“Controlling Measurement”) will be determined as follows:
i.    Except as specified in Section XIII(b)(iii), the Controlling Measurement will be taken from an ad server that is certified as compliant with the IAB/AAAA Ad Measurement Guidelines (the “IAB/AAAA Guidelines”).
ii.    If both ad servers are compliant with the IAB/AAAA Guidelines, the Controlling Measurement will be the Third Party Ad Server if such Third Party Ad Server provides an automated, daily reporting interface which allows for automated delivery of relevant and non-proprietary statistics to Media Company in an electronic form that is approved by Media Company; provided, however, that Media Company must receive access to such interface in the timeframe set forth in Section XIII(c), below.
iii.    If neither party’s ad server is compliant with the IAB/AAAA Guidelines or the requirements in subparagraph (ii), above, cannot be met, the Controlling Measurement will be based on Media Company’s ad server, unless otherwise agreed by Agency and Media Company in writing.
c.    Ad Server Reporting Access. As available, the party responsible for the Controlling Measurement will provide the other party with online or automated access to relevant and non-proprietary statistics from the ad server within one (1) day after campaign launch.    The other party will notify the party with Controlling Measurement if such party has not received such access. If such online or automated reporting is not available, the party responsible for the Controlling Measurement will provide placement-level activity reports to the other party in a timely manner, as mutually agreed to by the parties or as specified in Section IV(b), above, in the case of Ads being served by Media Company. If both parties have tracked the campaign from the beginning and the party responsible for the Controlling Measurement fails to provide such access or reports as described herein, then the other party may use or provide its ad server statistics as the basis of calculating campaign delivery for invoicing. Notification may be given that access, such as login credentials or automated reporting functionality integration, applies to all current and future IOs for one or more Advertisers, in which case new access for each IO is not necessary.
d. Discrepant Measurement. If the difference between the Controlling Measurement and the other measurement exceeds 10% over the invoice period and the Controlling Measurement is lower, the parties will facilitate a reconciliation effort between Media Company and Third Party Ad Server measurements. If the discrepancy cannot be resolved and a good faith effort to facilitate the reconciliation has been made, Agency reserves the right to either:
i.
Consider the discrepancy an under-delivery of the Deliverables as described in Section VI(b), whereupon the parties will act in accordance with that Section, including the requirement that Agency and Media Company make an effort to agree upon the conditions of a makegood flight and delivery of any makegood will be measured by the Third Party Ad Server, or
4’s/IAB Standard Terms and Conditions Version 3.0
ii.    Pay invoice based on Controlling Measurement-reported data, plus a 10% upward adjustment to delivery.
e. Measurement Methodology. Media Company will make reasonable efforts to publish, and Agency will make reasonable efforts to cause the Third Party Ad Server to publish, a disclosure in the form specified by the AAAA and IAB regarding their respective ad delivery measurement methodologies with regard to compliance with the IAB/AAAA Guidelines.
f.    Third Party Ad Server Malfunction. Where Agency is using a Third Party Ad Server and that Third Party Ad Server cannot serve the Ad, Agency will have a one-time right to temporarily suspend delivery under the IO for a period of up to 72 hours. Upon written notification by Agency of a non-functioning Third Party Ad Server, Media Company will have 24 hours to suspend delivery. Following that period, Agency will not be held liable for payment for any Ad that runs within the immediately following 72-hour period until Media Company is notified that the Third Party Ad Server is able to serve Ads. After the 72-hour period passes and Agency has not provided written notification that Media Company can resume delivery under the IO, Advertiser will pay for the Ads that would have run, or are run, after the 72-hour period but for the suspension, and can elect Media Company to serve Ads until the Third Party Ad Server is able to serve Ads. If Agency does not so elect for Media Company to serve the Ads until Third Party Ad Server is able to serve Ads, Media Company may use the inventory that would have been otherwise used for Media Company’s own advertisements or advertisements provided by a Third Party.
g. Third Party Ad Server Fixed. Upon notification that the Third Party Ad Server is functioning, Media Company will have 72 hours to resume delivery. Any delay in the resumption of delivery beyond this period, without reasonable explanation, will result in Media Company owing a makegood to Agency.
XIV. MISCELLANEOUS
Necessary Rights. Media Company represents and warrants that Media Company has all necessary permits, licenses, and clearances to sell the Deliverables specified on the IO subject to these Terms. Advertiser represents and warrants that Advertiser has all necessary licenses and clearances to use the content contained in the Ads and Advertising Materials as specified on the IO and subject to these Terms, including any applicable Policies.
Assignment. Neither Agency nor Advertiser may resell, assign, or transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder, and any attempt to resell, assign, or transfer such rights or obligations without Media Company’s prior written approval will be null and void. All terms and conditions in these Terms and each IO will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted transferees, successors, and assigns.
Entire Agreement. Each IO (including the Terms) will constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede all previous communications, representations, understandings, and agreements, either oral or written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of the IO. The IO may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same document.
Conflicts; Governing Law; Amendment. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of an IO and these Terms, the terms of the IO will prevail. All IOs will be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado. Media Company and Agency (on behalf of itself and Advertiser) agree that any claims, legal proceedings, or litigation arising in connection with the IO (including these Terms) will be brought solely in Garfield County, Colorado, and the parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. No modification of these Terms will be binding unless in writing and signed by both parties. If any provision herein is held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. All rights and remedies hereunder are cumulative.
g.
Notice. Any notice required to be delivered hereunder will be deemed delivered three days after deposit, postage paid, in U.S. mail, return receipt requested, one business day if sent by overnight courier service, and immediately if sent electronically or by fax. All notices to Media Company and Agency will be sent to the contact as noted on the IO with a copy to the Legal Department. All notices to Advertiser will be sent to the address specified on the IO.
Survival. Sections III, VI, X, XI, XII, and XIV will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, and Section IV will survive for 30 days after the termination or expiration of these Terms. In addition, each party will promptly return or destroy the other party’s Confidential Information upon written request and remove Advertising Materials and Ad tags upon termination of these Terms.
Headings. Section or paragraph headings used in these Terms are for reference purposes only, and should not be used in the interpretation hereof.
HELP US KEEP OUR WEBSITE FREE
trailrunnermag.com is completely free. We don’t have a paywall and you don’t have to be a member to access thousands of articles, photos and videos. Our editorial and design team—and all of our contributors—are trail runners just like you who love the sport and want to share all the great things it has to offer.
But we can’t do it without you. Your support is critical for keeping our website free and delivering the most current news, the most in-depth stories and the best photography in the running world.
For 20 years Trail Runner has committed to excellence and authenticity. Your subscription to our print magazine or donation will help us continue down a path that is uncompromised, and keep the website free for trail runners like you.
subscribe
contribute
About Us
Advertise
Customer Queries
Contributors
Interns
Terms Of Use
Subscribe
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
I would like to receive emails from:
Trail Runner
Rock and Ice