https://ultracycling.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2020-06-06T07:37:31-07:00
This Privacy Policy was last revised on and is effective as of June 1, 2020.
This Privacy Policy forms part of your membership agreement with World UltraCycling Association (“WUCA” or “we” or “us”) and is part of the Terms of Use governing the Online Services (as defined below) offered by us. By downloading, installing, accessing, or using any of the Online Services or by submitting information to us in a manner governed by this Privacy Policy, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.
WUCA recognizes that you care how information about you is collected and used. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our general information collection, use and sharing practices for (i) your enrolment as a WUCA member, your participation in any Challenges (as defined below), or as a visitor or user of any of our Online Services (ii) our website, and any other websites, applications, or other online, digital, and mobile services that link to this Privacy Policy or on which this Privacy Policy appears, as well as the content, features, and software available on them (collectively, “Online Services”), (iii) online communications through or related to the Online Services, or (iv) offline communications with WUCA in connection with the Online Services.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, Personal Information is information that can be used to identify or contact a particular individual. Non-Personal Information, by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact a particular individual. References to “information” or “your information” mean both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to secretary@ultracycling.com.
What Information About Me Is Collected And How Does WUCA Use It?
Information You Choose to Provide
We collect and store information, including personal information, that you choose to submit to us by entering it into the Online Services or providing it to us in some other manner. For example, information will be collected when you enroll as a Member, when you sign up to receive emails, newsletters or other WUCA communications, when you apply for attempting a Record (as defined below), when you or others submit results for any racing events or performances considered in Challenges or otherwise contact us with online inquiries, and/or when you otherwise voluntarily submit or provide information to us.
The information that you may provide to us includes, but is not limited to: personal names, billing addresses, shipping addresses (for mailing awards and certificates and other authorized communications), email addresses, telephone numbers, login usernames and passwords for accessing the Online Services, birthday information, demographic information, and information regarding interests and preferences. You can choose not to submit this information to us, but you may not be able to complete certain transactions (such as opening a membership or participating in Challenges or Records) unless you provide the required information.
Any of this information is used for the purpose for which it was collected. For example, information is used to create and manage memberships, record and track racing results for purposes of calculating Challenges and Records, to provide emails, newsletters, and other communications you have requested, and provide customer service. We do not collect payment information (such as credit card numbers) but, when you make payments to us, you will be asked to do so using independent third-party services with whom we have contracted and which may have separate privacy policies for the personal information they collect.
We may also generally use this information to evaluate and improve our Online Services, to contact you in connection with our other services to Members (such as ordering and shipping award jerseys, certificates or plaques), or for administrative and analytical purposes. In addition, we may use this information for any other purpose you have authorized.
WUCA operates many different types of competitions among members in which individual accomplishments in ultra racing are recognized (collectively, “Challenges”). In addition, Members may also apply for, attempt, and achieve success in setting records for various types of cycling activities recognized by WUCA (collectively, “Records”). For both Challenges and Records, WUCA collects personal information from Members, from race promoters, and from officials participating in Records attempts. Some of that information (such as name, age, gender, event type, results) may be published by WUCA through our Online Services and other marketing and media channels we select.   For these purposes, Members may be asked to also submit as additional personal information photographs, videos, audio files, race reports or similar materials to enrich WUCA’s marketing activities. Any such information will only be used as described in this paragraph and for no other purpose.
Information We Collect Automatically Through Technologies
Cookies and Other Technologies
Unlike many online services, we do not automatically collect and store information from your interactions with our Online Services. This type of information might include your IP address, browser and device information, including operating system, application software, and reference site domain name.
WUCA does use cookies, which are small data files created by a Web server and stored by your browser. We also use pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, also known as web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files. Cookies and pixel tags permit the Online Services to function properly. For example, they help us to identify Members and to optimize the log-in and account management experience.
Most browsers accept cookies by default but allow you to block or delete them. If you restrict cookies, you may not be able to use some features of the Online Services. To learn more about cookies and how to disable them, please consult the “Help” feature of your browser or your device’s user guide.
Interest-Based Advertising
We and our advertising vendors use online technologies, including cookies and pixel tags, to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites and platforms. These technologies enable us or our vendors, including Google, to recognize a unique cookie or pixel tag placed by us or our vendors when you accessed the Online Services or by an entity when you visited a non-affiliated website or platform. This information is used to manage advertising effectiveness and provide you with online advertisements, including advertisements on unaffiliated websites and platforms, more likely to be of interest to you. These technologies also allow us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Online Services and to manage affiliate advertising.
For more information about interest-based advertising (often referred to as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising) and how to manage your preferences for interest-based ads, please visit the following third- party websites:
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), please visit the DAA website at: https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), please visit the NAI website at: https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Please note that these opt-out mechanisms are browser and device specific. If you wish to opt-out of interest- based advertising across all browsers and devices, you need to visit the above websites from each browser and device you use. Please consult your device’s user guide or visit the Google Play Support Center or the Apple Support Center for more information on managing interest-based advertisements in a mobile environment. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you will still be served with advertisements, but they will no longer be targeted to your interests.
Do Not Track Signals
Although your browser may deliver a Do Not Track signal to the Online Services, at present we do not respond to such signals.
Other Information
We may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, such as the U.S Postal Service National Change of Address (NCOA) service, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database. In addition, if you interact with a social media platform (such as Facebook®, Twitter®, or Instagram®) via the Online Services, the platform may share information with us such as user location, tag used and pictures of you. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of each social media platform you use for more information about their privacy practices. We may combine the information about you that we receive from these entities with other information we have about you.
We may also collect information from you regarding another entity or person. For instance, if you want to use a “forward to a friend” or similar feature on our Online Services to send communications to a person, we will collect that person’s name and email address from you. We will use this information only to send your communication and will not use the information you provide to otherwise contact the person.
Is Information Collected From Children?
Our Online Services are intended for adults. We do not offer or sell any Online Services or allow membership for anyone who we know to be under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should not enroll as a Member (unless you are doing so under our Junior Membership program, in which case the additional involvement and consent of a parent or guardian will be needed).. In addition, we do not collect online any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you should use our Online Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information of any kind to us.
With Whom Does WUCA Share Information?
Personal information collected by us is not shared with any other entity. For example, we do not sell, license, or otherwise distribute to race promoters any lists of our Members (or related personal information).
We may share your personal information as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and as follows:
Affiliates
WUCA may transfer personal information to any present or future subsidiaries and corporate affiliates.
Social Media and Advertising Platforms
We do not use social media and advertising platforms, such as Facebook® and Google, to serve advertisements to you or to third parties that the platform determines are similar to you. However, in promoting the results of Challenges or Records, your personal information may be included in posts or stories that we post to those types of platforms.
Marketing
We may make your personal information, together with information regarding your activity and demographics, available to third parties who are promoting championship race events for purposes of conducting marketing activities for their event.
Law, Security and Protection of Rights
We, or those with whom we have shared personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it or expressly permits it; we have received a court order or administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary or advisable to protect the rights, property or safety of WUCA, other Members, users of the Online Services or others. We may also disclose Personal Information to enforce this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, to troubleshoot problems, to resolve disputes or to assist us in the collection of amounts owed by you to us.
Sale, Transfer or Reorganization of Business
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of the business or assets of WUCA to an entity in the event of a corporate transaction, such as a reorganization or merger with another entity.
In addition to the foregoing circumstances, we may share your personal information when you authorize us to do so.
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure?
We use various security measures to protect personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will be secure from disclosure or misuse, either by accident or by unauthorized access or use.
In order to help protect your personal information, you should keep your account usernames and passwords secure and not provide them to others. If we request that you re-set your username and/or password, please do so promptly. If you wish to cancel a username or password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a username or password, please contact us at webmaster@ultracycling.com
How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?
If you are a Member, you can access, correct, and update certain personal information by accessing your account through the Online Services, by clicking on the Login button located on the Member Login page accessible from the WUCA home page. Please note that you may not be able to access or update all information we have about you. If you believe there is other personal information that requires access, correction or updates, please send an email to secretary@ultracycling.com.
Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want To Receive Promotional Communications?
From time to time, we will be sending emails or other notices to promote WUCA activities, to announce new races included on our calendar and sharing other news. There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive these types of promotional communications from us. If you are a Member, you can indicate email preferences by accessing your membership account through the Online Services. You also will have an opportunity to indicate your preferences by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you or following the “unsubscribe” instructions in a notification or other message type.
Our Online Services may contain links to other websites, applications or services operated by others. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites, applications or services.
[If you have accessed our Online Services through a link from certain of our advertising or marketing partners, our Online Services may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. Nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed Web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this Privacy Policy.]
Our Online Services offer you the ability interact with social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Instagram®, and social commerce networks, such as PowerReviews. Please be advised that product reviews, user generated content, and other information you post or share with these platforms and networks, and any information gathered by the platforms and networks, will be governed by the privacy policy and terms of use of the applicable platform or network and not by this Privacy Policy. Please remember than any information you disclose in this manner will be publicly available. For example, any content you submit in connection with a product review may be posted on publicly-facing third-party websites in the PowerReviews network.
We encourage you to read the privacy policy and terms of use posted on each and every website, application, platform, network, or service that you access or use.
How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. Revised versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page, together with an updated effective date. You should check this page periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred. In some cases, we may post a notice of the revision on the Online Services and/or send an email or other communication notifying users of the changes. By downloading, installing, accessing, or using any of our Online Services after we post any such changes, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy as modified.
This website uses cookies to make the website work properly and to provide services to our members and site visitors. Privacy Policy.
OK