https://ultracycling.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Home/Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditionsadmin2020-06-18T08:03:10-07:00
World UltraCycling Association Website Terms and ConditionsAcceptance of Terms and ConditionsBy accessing this website or any pages posted on this website, or any information databases, files or other digital assets that are part of this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the legal information pertaining to both this website and any material on it. Your access of this website also confirms you have had an opportunity to read and understand these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, do not access this website.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice to you. You must review these Terms and Conditions at www.ultracycling.com on a regular basis to keep yourself informed of any changes. Continued use of this website following any changes will constitute your acceptance to such changes.
Intellectual PropertyThis website was created by World UltraCycling Association, Inc. (“We” or “WUCA”). We are the sole owner of all copyrights and other proprietary rights in this website. Any content or material on this website (including, without limitation, any text, pictures, video, audio, and graphical designs) may not be reproduced in any way without prior permission from WUCA. Certain content on this website may be provided by third parties; any re-publication or re-distribution of any such content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of the relevant right holders. WUCA shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Please consult the respective websites of the concerned right holder for additional information.
Nothing in this website is designed to grant any licence or right to use any names, logos, pictures or trademarks, including, without limitation, any personal information regarding our present or former members. No act of downloading or otherwise copying or reproducing from this website will transfer title to you for, or otherwise grant you a license to use, any content or material on this website.
Except as otherwise stated above, you are granted permission to view, store, print, reproduce, or distribute any pages or download any content or material from this website for personal non-commercial use only provided that (a) you do not modify any such page or any such material and (b) you include these Terms and Conditions with any reproduction. Any unauthorized reproduction for commercial purposes of this website or any part thereof is a violation of WUCA’s rights.
Privacy compliance WUCA is subject to various national and sub-national data protection laws when collecting and processing personal identifying information. Any such personal identifying information you enter in the online forms available on this website will be transmitted in unencrypted form. The possibility of data entered by you being lost or viewed by others cannot therefore be ruled out. This means that when entering personal data on our website online, you do so at your own risk.
Any data you enter will be stored on our servers, kept with the utmost care and protected against access by third parties. Within the UCI, access to your data is limited to those members of staff who need this for the performance of their duties. We will not disclose any data you enter to third parties.
All the data we collate is used solely for its declared purposes and none of it is disclosed to third parties. Our Privacy Policy provides further details on our collection and use of personally identifiable information.
No offer of service Unless otherwise expressly stated, all of the content and materials on this website is intended to be for informational purposes only. We make no representation that any content or material on this website is appropriate or available for use in any specific jurisdiction. Those users who choose to access this website are responsible for compliance with local laws and regulations that may limit or restrict your right to access, download or otherwise use any of the content.
Disclaimer We have taken reasonable care that the information contained within this website is accurate at the time of publication, HOWEVER no representation or guarantee (including liability towards third parties), expressed or implied, is made as its accuracy, reliability or completeness.
If you access and use this website, YOU DO SO AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WUCA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, AND YOU WAIVE, ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
In particular, WUCA assumes no responsibility for, and makes no guarantees that (i) this website and services on this website will meet your requirements, (ii) services and functions on this website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, (iii) results that may be obtained from the use of this website and services on this website will be accurate or reliable, (iv) defects will be corrected, or (v) this website or the servers that make it available will be free of viruses or other harmful elements.
Any content or material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this website is done at your own discretion and risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
You acknowledge and agree that WUCA has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information, material or content provided by third party linked websites, or the content, performance, terms and conditions of use or the privacy policies or practices on such websites. Links to such sites do not constitute an endorsement by WUCA of such websites or the content, products, or other materials or services presented on such websites.
Information in the many webpages that are linked to this website, and the applications and services available through this website, comes from a variety of sources. We do not author, edit, or monitor the content, links, or services provided by third parties. WUCA SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF, OR RELIANCE ON, ANY SUCH CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE OR ON THIRD PARTY LINKED WEBSITES.
Links from and to websites In the event that you wish to establish a link to this website or any specific content or material available on this website, you expressly agree:
– TO ASK PRIOR WRITTEN APPROVAL OF WUCA TO ESTABLISH A LINK TO THIS WEBSITE
– not to include this website into the frame of another website
– not to create any third party association with this website; and
– ensure that the link does not state nor imply that WUCA approves of, sponsors or endorses any other website activity, company, resource or entity, or presents WUCA and/or its activities in a false, misleading, defamatory or derogatory manner or otherwise damages WUCA’s reputation or takes advantage of it.
Any approved link to our website does not permit you to use any WUCA and/or third party content, names, logos, pictures or trademarks, unless separately agreed to in writing by the relevant right-holders.
Indemnification As a condition of your use of this website, you agree to indemnify and hold WUCA and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, employees, licensees and other partners harmless from and against any and all liabilities, losses, expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of this website.
General InformationThese Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and WUCA in relation to their subject matter, superseding and extinguishing any prior agreements, arrangements, undertakings of any nature, between you and WUCA, whether oral or written in relation to such subject matter.
You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software.
Any failure by WUCA to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Applicable law and Jurisdiction These Terms and Conditions and the relationship between you and WUCA shall be governed by the substantive laws of the United States of America. All disputes in connection with these Terms and Conditions are to be resolved exclusively by arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules.
This website uses cookies to make the website work properly and to provide services to our members and site visitors. Privacy Policy.
OK