https://ussoccerplayers.com/privacy-policy
Home
Roster
USMNT News
MLS
Americans Abroad
Alumni
USNSTPA
Archive
This privacy policy explains how our site handles personal information and what we do with that information. US Soccer Players does not require users to create an account to access the website. We currently do not run web-based advertising. In the event that we accept advertising, our privacy policy will be updated.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Currently, we collect the standard non-personal information used for web-based analytics and web traffic measurement.
If a user chooses to sign up for our newsletter or provides an email address when using the website’s commenting feature, we collect that personal information. We are not responsible for any personal information submitted to the website.
SURVEYS
Occasionally we conduct surveys to use with our marketing efforts.
We collect any personal information provided on the survey form.
We are not responsible for any personal information submitted in response to a survey.
CONTESTS
In the event we hold a contest or drawing, we collect the personal information required for entry.
NON-SPECIFIC INFORMATION
Accessing a website provides the website with an ip address, browser type, and other general non-specific information about the user. We may collect that information for analytical purposes.
COOKIES
This website uses cookies, a small data file that directs your browser to customize your experience on our site. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personal information to this website without the consent of their parent or guardian.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
The US National Soccer Team Players Association is not responsible and does not endorse any third-party content that may be accessed through this web site.
STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP
This website, the url, and the material is owned and operated by the United States National Soccer Team Players Association.
All rights reserved.
Any use of this material without the prior express written permission of the US National Soccer Team Players Association is expressly forbidden.
CONTACT INFORMATION
The US National Soccer Team Players Association
c/o Mark Levinstein
725 Twelfth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20005
Like
Google +1
Retweet
Sigi Schmid won MLS Cups at Columbus and Seattle, reviving one club, building the foundation of the other, and putting his mark on this MLS Cup.
The four semifinalists in this season’s MLS playoffs shared a tactical concept but differed on its implementation on the way to the final.
USMNT coach Gregg Berhalter called a rare December camp for an out of window friendly with specific goals in mind for the squad in camp.
More from our writers
US Soccer Players
Eric Lichaj - USMNT
Position DefenderPro Team Fatih Karagumruk Read more about Eric Lichaj - USMNT
Players Tweets
A Twitter List by ussoccerplayers
Follow US Soccer Players
UNITED STATES NATIONAL SOCCER TEAM PLAYERS ASSOCIATION
Players
Squad
Results
Schedule
FIFA Ranking
Match Reports
Soccer News
National Team
Major League Soccer
Americans Abroad
Featured
Soccer History
About USNSTPA
About US Soccer Players
USNSTPA FAQ
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter