https://vangoghtours.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Van Gogh Tours, Inc. Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at https://vangoghtours.com/, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Van Gogh Tours, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Van Gogh Tours, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Van Gogh Tours, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Van Gogh Tours, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s website, even if Van Gogh Tours, Inc. or a Van Gogh Tours, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Van Gogh Tours, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Van Gogh Tours, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Van Gogh Tours, Inc. does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Van Gogh Tours, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Van Gogh Tours, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Van Gogh Tours, Inc. may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://vangoghtours.com/, and other sites we own and operate.
Information we collect
Log data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information”, as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details.
We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.
Personal information
We may ask for personal information, such as your:
Name, Email, Date of birth, Phone/mobile number, Home/Mailing address, Payment information.
This data is considered “identifying information”, as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and only use it to help provide or improve this service.
How we collect information
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.
Use of information
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymised versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.
We may use your personal details to contact you with updates about our website and services, along with promotional content that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out of receiving promotional content, you can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided alongside any promotional correspondence from us.
Data processing and storage
The personal information we collect is stored and processed in United States, or where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.
If you request your personal information be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe.
Children’s Privacy
This website does not knowingly target children, or collect personal information from children. As a parent/guardian, please contact us if you believe your child is participating in an activity involving personal information on our website, and you have no received a notification or request for consent. We do not use your supplied contact details for marketing or promotional purposes.
Limits of our policy
This privacy policy only covers Van Gogh Tours, Inc.’s own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours, however we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to this policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. If you are a registered user on https://vangoghtours.com/, we will notify you using the contact details saved in your account. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
Your rights and responsibilities
As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted. You may amend or remove your account information at any time, using the tools provided in your account control panel.
You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.
Feel free to contact us if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information.
Van Gogh Tours, Inc. Data Controller
Emma Lewin
emma@vangoghtours.com
Van Gogh Tours, Inc. Data Protection Officer
Emma Lewin
emma@vangoghtours.com
This policy is effective as of 25 May 2018.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you accept the use of cookies. Learn More.I Accept
No Cookie