https://vitalfootball.co.uk/termsandconditions/
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Home
About Vital
Site Map
All Forums
Views
News And Views
Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: 01/03/2013
1. Introduction:
1.1 – This website is owned and operated by Vital Network Ltd. We are registered in the UK (technically “England & Wales”) under number 05473768. Our registered office and trading address are at Rosebery House Business Centre, 70 Rosebery Ave, London EC1R 4RR. Our other contact details are specified on our website. Our VAT number is 887038779. 1.2 – Please read these terms and conditions carefully. They cancel and replace any previous versions. By registering on or using our Service (as defined below) you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Please print or save these terms for future use as we will not keep a file copy specifically for the transaction with you and we cannot guarantee that they will remain accessible on our website in future. 1.3 – These terms and conditions apply to all Users.
2. Definitions:
2.1 – Capitalised terms have the following meanings in these terms and conditions:
2.1.1 – “Content” means all information of whatever kind (including forum posts, comments, articles, images, photos, videos, advertisements) published, stored or sent on or in connection with our Service.
2.1.2 – “Service” means the services we offer by means of our website as well as our related software and services.
2.1.3 – “User” means a person who uses our Service (whether or not registered with us).
3. Changes to the terms and conditions:
3.1 – We may change these terms and conditions by posting the revised version on our website at least 14 days before they become effective. Please check our website from time to time. You will be bound by the revised agreement if you continue to use our Service following the effective date shown.
4. Use of our Service:
4.1 – We grant Users a limited personal right to use our Service subject to these terms and conditions. 4.2 – You must not use our Service unless you are at least 13 years of age. 4.3 – You must not use our Service in connection with a business. 4.4 – You agree that you will not in connection with the Service:
4.4.1 – breach any applicable law, regulation or code of conduct or infringe any rights of others;
4.4.2 – sell access to the Service;
4.4.3 – sell advertising, sponsorship or promotions on or in connection with Content except where explicitly authorized by us;
4.4.4 – use the Service for any commercial or non-private purposes;
4.4.5 – use the Service for junk mail, spam and pyramid or similar or fraudulent schemes;
4.4.6 – do anything which may have the effect of disrupting the Service including worms, viruses, software bombs or mass mailings;
4.4.7 – gain unauthorised access to any part of the Service or equipment used to provide the Service; or
4.4.8 – attempt, encourage or assist any of the above.
4.5 – You must comply with any guidelines or requirements on our website (for example, any file-size or other technical requirements in relation to the publication or sending of Content on or via our Service). You must promptly comply with any reasonable request or instruction by us in connection with the Service. 4.6 – You must ensure that any information which you provide to us is accurate and not misleading and that you will update it so that it remains so. 4.7 – You must only register with one account, multiple accounts will lead to all accounts being removed.
5. Your Content:
5.1 – You are responsible for your Content. 5.2 – You must at all times comply with our forum rules (see below). 5.3 – You promise to us that you have (and will retain) all rights and permissions needed to enable us to use your Content as contemplated by the Service and these terms and conditions. 5.4 – We reserve the right without notice or refund to suspend, alter, remove or delete Content or to disclose to the relevant authorities any Content or behaviour if it is the subject of complaint or where we have reason to believe that it breaches our terms and conditions, or that such steps are necessary to protect us or others, or that a criminal act has been committed, or if we are required to do so by law or appropriate authority. If so, you must not attempt to re-publish or re-send the relevant Content. 5.5 – We do not accept responsibility if your Content is misused by other Users as this is outside our reasonable control. 5.6 – It is your responsibility to make your own backup of any Content stored within the Service to protect you in case of loss or damage to such material. We are not responsible for such losses.
6. Content of other Users:
6.1 – You acknowledge that in using the Service you may be exposed to offensive or other inappropriate Content or behaviour. If so, you must notify us immediately by email to abuse@vitalfootball.co.uk or via the alert button next to all forum posts. We are under no obligation to enter into dialogue on the receipt of a complaint, nor are we obliged to act on every complaint received. 6.2 – We do not endorse or recommend any Content from Users, or third party advertisements, which you see on our site. You rely on such information at your own risk. We accept no legal responsibility for the accuracy of, or otherwise in relation to, any such Content . 6.3 – You accept that we have no obligation to vet or monitor Users or their Content. You should not assume that any Content from another User is accurate and be aware that a person may not be who he or she claims to be. In your own interests, you should not attempt to contact any other User other than through the Service.
7. Guidance on our site:
7.1 – Any guidance or other Content which we, or individual site journalists, make available on our Service is intended as very general information but we cannot guarantee that it is accurate or up to date and we do not accept legal responsibility for it. You rely on such information at your own risk.
8. Security:
8.1 – Your account on our Service is for your personal use only and is non-transferable. You must not authorise or permit any other person to use your account. You must take reasonable care to protect and keep confidential your password and other account or identity information. You must notify us immediately of any apparent breach of security such as loss, theft, misuse or unauthorised disclosure or use of a password. You are responsible for third parties who use your account or identity (unless and to the extent that we are at fault).
9. Suspension / cancellation:
9.1 – You may at any time cancel this agreement by following the instructions on our Service. 9.2 – We may at any time suspend or cancel this agreement for any reason including suspension or termination of your right to use the Service and whether with or without notice. 9.3 – Following cancellation of this agreement: Accrued rights and liabilities are unaffected. All clauses in this agreement which are stated or intended to continue after cancellation will continue to apply. You must not attempt to re-register for or continue to use our Service if we have given you notice of suspension or cancellation. 9.4 – We cannot be held legally responsible for loss or damage resulting from cancellation of this agreement provided we act in accordance with this agreement.
10. Functioning of our Service:
10.1 – We cannot guarantee that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free. 10.2 – We are entitled, without notice and without liability, to suspend the Service for repair, maintenance, improvement or other technical reason. 10.3 – We are entitled to make changes to the Service.
11. Liability:
11.1 – Nothing in this agreement in any way limits or excludes our liability for negligence causing death or personal injury or for fraudulent misrepresentation or for anything which may not legally be excluded or limited. 11.2 – You must give us a reasonable opportunity to remedy any matter for which we are potentially liable before you incur any costs remedying the matter yourself. 11.3 – Very important: We shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by us or our employees or agents in circumstances where:
11.3.1 – there is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by us or by any of our employees or agents;
11.3.2 – such loss or damage was not reasonably foreseeable by both parties;
11.3.3 – such loss or damage is caused by you, for example by not complying with this agreement; or
11.3.4 – such loss or damage relates to a business.
11.4 – Very important: You will be liable for any reasonably foreseeable loss or damage we suffer arising from your breach of this agreement or misuse of our Service (subject of course to our obligation to mitigate any losses).
12. Intellectual property rights:
12.1 – All trade marks, logos, content (including our website’s structure and layout), graphics, images, photographs, animation, videos, text and software used on the Service are our intellectual property or that of our Users. For the purposes of your personal and non-business use only, you may view such material on your screen and print a single copy. You may not otherwise use, sublicense, retrieve, display, modify, copy, print, sell, distribute, download, hire, reverse engineer (unless permitted by applicable law) or create extracts of, or derivative works from, such material without our specific prior written consent. 12.2 – For the avoidance of doubt you may not collect, scrape or harvest any Content on our Service or deep-link to or frame Content on our Service without our specific prior written consent. 12.3 – You must not circumvent or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the Service or features that limit or prevent copying of Content or which restrict use of Content. 12.4 – If you publish any Content on our Service, you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to copy, alter, adapt or display such Content on our Service. You also grant each User a licence to use your Content to the extent permitted by the functionality of the Service and these terms and conditions. 12.5 – You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about our Service (“Submissions”) which you provide us are non-confidential and shall become our sole property. We shall own exclusive intellectual property rights in, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of, these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
13. Privacy:
You acknowledge and agree that we may process your personal data in accordance with the terms of our privacy and cookies policy
14. Third party websites:
14.1 – We may link to third party websites which may be of interest to you. We do not recommend or endorse, nor are we legally responsible for, those sites or the goods or services which they offer. You use such third party sites at your own risk.
15. “Act of God”
15.1 – Neither you nor we are liable for failure to perform or delay in performing any obligation (excluding payment) under this agreement if the failure or delay is caused by any circumstances beyond your or our reasonable control including third party telecommunication failures.
16. Transfer:
16.1 – We may transfer all or part of our rights or duties under this agreement provided we take reasonable steps to ensure that your rights under this agreement are not prejudiced. As this agreement is personal to you, you may not transfer any of your rights or duties under it without our prior written consent.
17. English law:
17.1 – These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law and any disputes will be decided only by the courts of the United Kingdom.
18. General:
18.1 – We may send all notices under this agreement by email to the most recent email address you have supplied to us (unless otherwise stated in this agreement). Headings used in this agreement are for information and not binding. Any failure by either party to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this agreement does not mean this is a “waiver” (ie that it cannot be enforced later). If any part of this agreement is ineffective or unenforceable for any reason, then it will be replaced with a provision which as far as possible achieves the same thing and the rest of the agreement shall continue to apply. A person who is not a party to this agreement shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement except insofar as expressly stated otherwise.
19. Complaints:
19.1 – If you have any complaints, please contact us via the contact details shown on our website or write to our address shown at the start of these terms and conditions. Version 3
Forum Rules
Effective Date: 01/03/2013
These rules cover to any information which you publish or send or via this service including posting on forums or uploading comments, articles or photos. Our terms and conditions also apply. As stated in the terms and conditions, you are legally responsible for your content. We have no obligation to vet or monitor user content and this board is un-moderated. However, we are entitled to remove content in our discretion. You can alert us to objectionable content as explained below. Here are the rules:
There must be no swearing in the home page article comments. In the forums, there may be a bit more scope for ‘adult’ language subject to any guidelines specified on the forums. In any case, excessive swearing will not be tolerated. It’s one thing swearing after a match whilst having a blowout – it’s another having it in lots of posts regardless of the subject.
The forums are for discussion and debate. That means that, most of the time, most of you won’t agree. You can ‘attack’ a fellow members’ point of view, you cannot attack them for having that view. Do not make your threads personal.
Enjoy. Don’t abuse us or other users. If you don’t like a poster, just don’t read/reply. This is meant to be fun. You can also add that person to the ‘ignore’ list (click on their username, then you’ll see the option to add to ignore list).
If you have a serious problem with the site or any other user, you can use the alert button which is next to all posts or pm us. Don’t address such grievances on the boards, whether by starting multiple threads on the various boards, having digs within topics or otherwise.
If you want to use the alert button, only do so if it’s really necessary. Don’t abuse the alert function. Say clearly why you object to the content.
Multiple LOL’s, yeah’s etc. are not a suitable answer to a user’s comment. Either say something meaningful or don’t post at all. Also don’t use capitals (including in headings) or text talk.
Stay within the topic specified in the forum or thread.
If you are commenting about an article, copy and paste the article link into the thread, and a short extract if necessary, but not the whole article.
Do not make any comments which are defamatory, offensive, illegal, vulgar, obscene, abusive, threatening, harassing, sexist, racist, homophobic, invasive of another’s privacy or similarly inappropriate.
For the safety of yourself and others, do not reveal any information that enables you or others to be personally identified or contacted including last name, postal / email address or telephone number.
Don’t link to any third party websites which are illegal, pornographic or otherwise inappropriate.
Version 3