https://warriors.co.uk/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
About
Worcester Warriors and the Sixways Conference Centre are business names of WRFC Trading Limited, registered in England and Wales.
Company Number: 3160145, VAT Number: 670611452.
Registered Office
WRFC Trading Limited
Sixways Stadium
Pershore Lane
Hindlip
Worcester
Worcs.
WR3 8ZE
Tel: +44 (0)1905 454 183
Privacy Policy
Privacy notice for customers
Worcester Warriors, (“the Company”), is aware of its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and is committed to processing your data securely and transparently. This privacy notice sets out, in line with GDPR, the types of data that we hold for you. It also sets out how we use that information, how long we keep it for and other relevant information about your data.
This Privacy Notice has effect from 25 May 2018. Any change in the way that we process personal data will be detailed in an updated Privacy Notice.
Data controller details
The Company is a data controller, meaning that it determines the processes to be used when using your personal data. Our registered address is as follows: Worcester Warriors, Warriors Way, Worcester, WR3 8ZE. Please direct any queries to hello@warriors.co.uk or alternatively you can call 01905 454 183.
Types of data we process
We may hold many different types of data about you depending on the reason for your relationship with the Company, including:
Your personal details including your name, address, date of birth, email address, phone numbers
Your photograph
Gender
Marital status
Dependants, next of kin and their contact numbers
Bank details
CCTV footage
Building entry records
How we collect your data
We collect data about you in a variety of ways and this will usually start when we undertake to enter into a contract with you or when you purchase a ticket from us. We will collect the data from you directly and the data will include for example, your name, address and other personal details such as bank information.
All customer data is kept in our IT systems.
Why we process your data
All of the personal data which we process will be done so in accordance with the six data protection principles:
In order to perform the contract that we are party to
In order to carry out legally required duties
In order for us to carry out our legitimate interests
To protect your interests
Where something is done in the public interest or
Where we have obtained your consent.
We also collect data so that we can carry out activities which are in the legitimate interests of the Company. We have set these out below:
To send promotional and informative communications
To send marketing communications from our partners through our marketing communications
If you no longer want to receive marketing communications from the Company, you are able to unsubscribe. To do so, you will find a button on the bottom of each of our communications which enables you to remove yourself from our mailing list.
Alternatively, please feel free to use the contact details provided above to inform us that you no long want to receive marketing communications.
Sharing your data
Your data will only be shared with our employees and contractors within the Company where it is necessary for them to undertake their duties.
We may share anonymised analytical data relating to the usage of our website with Premiership Rugby for the purpose of delivering league wide benchmarks and audience insights.
We do not share your data with any other third party nor any bodies outside of the European Economic Area.
Protecting your data
We are aware of the requirement to ensure your data is protected against accidental loss or disclosure, destruction and abuse. We have implemented processes to guard against such.
How long we keep your data for
In line with data protection principles, we only keep your data for as long as we need it. Retention periods can vary depending on why we need your data. With regard to retention periods, the Company acts in accordance with its Retention Policy.
Your rights in relation to your data
The law on data protection gives you certain rights in relation to the data we hold on you. These are:
The right to be informed. This means that we must tell you how we use your data, and this is the purpose of this privacy notice
The right of access. You have the right to access the data that we hold on you. To do so, you should make a subject access request
The right for any inaccuracies to be corrected. If any data that we hold about you is
incomplete or inaccurate, you are able to require us to correct it
The right to have information deleted. If you would like us to stop processing your data,
you have the right to ask us to delete it from our systems where you believe there is
no reason for us to continue processing it and no legal basis for its retention
The right to restrict the processing of the data. For example, if you believe the data we hold is incorrect, we will stop processing the data (whilst still holding it) until we have ensured that the data is correct
The right to portability. You may transfer the data that we hold on you for your own purposes
The right to object to the inclusion of any information. You have the right to object to the way we use your data where we are using it for our legitimate interests
The right to regulate any automated decision-making and profiling of personal data. You have a right not to be subject to automated decision making in a way that adversely affects your legal rights.
Where you have provided consent to our use of your data, you also have the unrestricted right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent means that we will stop processing the data that you had previously given us consent to use. There will be no consequences for withdrawing your consent. However, in some cases, we may continue to use the data where so permitted by having a legitimate reason for doing so.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights explained above, please contact us on the details provided above.
Making a complaint
We hope that we will be able to resolve any query or concern you may raise about our use of your information.
The supervisory authority in the UK for data protection matters is the Information Commissioner (ICO). If you think your data protection rights have been breached in any way by us, under the GDPR, you are able to make a complaint to the ICO.
Cookies
EU Cookie directive
From 26 May 2011 a new European Union directive requires us to gain the consent of our users to download cookies on to their machines. There are various methods we could use to gain users consent. For example, we could use pop-ups; prompting users to tick a box to confirm they give permission for us to download cookies on their machine.
Alternatively, we could use an online form that all users must complete before using the website.
We consider both of these solutions as obtrusive. We want our users find information and services quickly.
Therefore, we have taken the decision to promote how we use cookies on our website instead. This will enable users to make an informed decision whether they want to disable this feature.
There are links on our terms and conditions and disclaimer pages which are in the footer of every web page pointing to this information.
What is a Cookie
Information may be sent to your computer in the form of an Internet “cookie” to allow our servers to monitor your requirements. The cookie is stored on your computer. Our server may request that your computer return a cookie to it.
These return cookies do not contain any information supplied by you or any personally identifiable information about you. However, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart when you are using the Worcester Warriors Store Online.
Such measures are necessary to allow Worcester Warriors to measure the usability of the systems, which will help to continually improve user experience of our websites. Your browser software should however enable you to block cookies if you wish to. For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Google Analytics
Worcester Warriors uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics collects first party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour. This information is sent to Google and is used to evaluate how our website is being used. This enables Worcester Warriors to compile statistical reports. A full list of cookies used by Google Analytics and explanations on how these work are available on the Google code website.
Worcester Warriors does not collect (nor allow any third party to collect) personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered with any personally identifying information. We will not link or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user. In short, Google Analytics doesn’t identify who you are, but it does track your movements on our websites.
How to disable cookies
You can stop cookies being downloaded on to your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
There is more information about cookies, including how to delete them on the website aboutcookies.org. You may also opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics.
Consent
By using our website you consent to collection and use of any information you provide to us by Worcester Warriors Limited for the purposes described above. If we amend our privacy policy, any changes will be published on this web site. If at any time you wish to update the information which we hold about you, or if you wish to stop receiving information from Worcester Warriors, please contact us.
Disclaimer
WRFC Trading Limited is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998. We recognise that we therefore have legal obligations in terms of the collection and use of personal data made available to us.
This website is provided on an “AS IS” basis and WRFC Trading Limited excludes all warranties or representations of any kind with respect to this website or its contents. In particular, WRFC Trading Limited does not warrant or represent that the information contained on this website is accurate or up to date.
The contents of this website are designed to comply with English law. You may be viewing the website in a market in which we do not commonly sell our goods. WRFC Trading Limited cannot be held responsible for non-compliance with any local advertising or other laws in relation to this website or its contents.
Your Consent
By using our website you consent to collection and use of any information you provide to us by WRFC Trading Limited for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. We recommend you re-visit this page periodically to check for changes. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data including the use of encryption technology, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of sending information over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent.
If you are under the age of 18 you may register on the website to receive newsletters and other information but only with parental or guardian consent. You may only make purchases on this website if you are aged 18 or over or, if under 18, have received parental or guardian consent.
Cancellation
Your registration can be cancelled at any time, whereby any stored personal data will be deleted. To do so please write to us at WRFC Trading Limited, Sixways Stadium, Pershore Lane, Hindlip, Worcester, WR3 8ZE. Please head the letter “unregister” and include your registered e-mail address, full name and postal address. This privacy policy only covers the Worcester Warriors website and shop and not any websites which are linked to or from these websites.
Website Data
Request to export/erase personal data
Related Pages
Contact Us
Read More
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Read More
Terms and Conditions
Staff Directory
Read More
Staff Directory
Privacy Policy
Read More
Privacy Policy
Press Information
Read More
Press Information
Club Partners
Read More
Club Partners
Club History
Read More
Club History
Sign up to our newsletter
Warriors Weekly News
Sign up to the weekly Warriors E-Zine to receive the latest news, videos, interviews and offers to your inbox