http://wdmsoccerclub.org/terms-of-use/
skip to Main Content
TERMS OF USE
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND WEST DES MOINES SOCCER CLUB
The West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by West Des Moines Soccer Club.
The West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
West Des Moines Soccer Club reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of West Des Moines Soccer Club and West Des Moines Soccer Club is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. West Des Moines Soccer Club is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. West Des Moines Soccer Club is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by West Des Moines Soccer Club of the site or any association with its operators.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site, you warrant to West Des Moines Soccer Club that you will not use the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Sites.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
West Des Moines Soccer Club has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, West Des Moines Soccer Club reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. West Des Moines Soccer Club reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
West Des Moines Soccer Club reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in West Des Moines Soccer Club’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. West Des Moines Soccer Club does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, West Des Moines Soccer Club specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized West Des Moines Soccer Club spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of West Des Moines Soccer Club.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO WEST DES MOINES SOCCER CLUB OR POSTED AT ANY WEST DES MOINES SOCCER CLUB WEB SITE
West Des Moines Soccer Club does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to West Des Moines Soccer Club (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site or its associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting West Des Moines Soccer Club, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. West Des Moines Soccer Club is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in West Des Moines Soccer Club’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
the information, software, products, and services included in or available through the west des moines soccer club web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. changes are periodically added to the information herein. west des moines soccer club and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the west des moines soccer club web site at any time. advice received via the west des moines soccer club web site should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
west des moines soccer club and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the west des moines soccer club web site for any purpose. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. west des moines soccer club and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall west des moines soccer club and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the west des moines soccer club web site, with the delay or inability to use the west des moines soccer club web site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the west des moines soccer club web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the west des moines soccer club web site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if west des moines soccer club or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. if you are dissatisfied with any portion of the west des moines soccer club web site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the west des moines soccer club web site.
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
West Des Moines Soccer Club reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. GENERAL To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in San Mateo County, California, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site. Use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and West Des Moines Soccer Club as a result of this agreement or use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site. West Des Moines Soccer Club’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of West Des Moines Soccer Club’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site or information provided to or gathered by West Des Moines Soccer Club with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and West Des Moines Soccer Club with respect to the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and West Des Moines Soccer Club with respect to the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:
All contents of the West Des Moines Soccer Club Web Site are: and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Copyright © 2020 West Des Moines Soccer Club
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
TSHQ License Agreement